[{"Movie":"Diary of a Wimpy Kid","Title":"Il aimait bien l'embrasser","Author":"lasurvolte","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12840445","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Titre : Il aimait bien l'embrasser. Autatrice : lasurvolte (de pseudo) ou mari (mais vous pouvez m'appelez aussi Plectrude si ça vous dit ^^) Disclaimer : Wimpy Kid ne m'appartient pas Défi : les 50 drabbles – Rodrick x Manu (OC) Note : pour comprendre cette fic, il faut d'abord lire ma fic « Les tribulations de Rodrick ». Rodrick pensait aimer les filles et voilà qu'il aimait un garçon, et qu'il sortait avec. Est-ce que c'était bizarre ? Non. C'était bien. Parce que c'était Manu. Parce que Rodrick était amoureux, bien plus que de son ex. Il avait mis du temps à s'en rendre compte, mais maintenant il le savait. Il aimait bien l'embrasser, sur la nuque, juste là où ses cheveux s'arrêtaient. Il aimait l'embrasser sur l'arête du nez. Et sur l'oreille. Il l'embrassait tout le temps à ces endroits, dès qu'il le pouvait et pour des excuses bidons, du genre « t'as trop bien joué de la guitare c'était super cool », et hop bisou sur la nuque. Rodrick l'avait annoncé à Greg en premier et celui-ci n'avait pas tellement réagis, il avait juste dit « ça se voyait que tu l'aimais ». Et ce fut tout. Many fut super heureux de savoir que Manu deviendrait son beau-frère et l'avait serré dans ses bras. Quant aux parents, et bien Frank fit une remarque un peu salace, Suzan lui mit un coup derrière le crâne et félicita son fils. Qui embrassa l'arête du nez de Manu, content d'être accepté tel qu'il était. Puis l'oreille. Puis la nuque. Manu soupira à la fois agacé, amusé et amoureux, puis il attrapa Rodrick par les pans de sa chemise et l'embrassa sur la bouche. Puis il dit : - La semaine prochaine, on l'annonce à mes parents. - J'espère qu'ils seront contents. - Ce sera juste une excuse pour toi pour m'embrasser. Rodrick hocha la tête, tout content. Et la semaine d'après, Manu eut le droit à ses bisous. Fin. L'autatrice : parce que j'avais adoré écrire sur Rodrick et Manu. ","Summary":" Titre : Il aimait bien l'embrasser. Autatrice : lasurvolte (de pseudo) ou mari (mais vous pouvez m'"},{"Movie":"Diary of a Wimpy Kid","Title":"I Need a Brother","Author":"Wolvesta","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11501798","Passage":"[Chapter 1] An AU where Rodrick completely ignores Greg, pretends he doesn't exist. And when he notices him, he teases him and bullies him a little. Nothing to do with books and movies. Tear away from all of that for a few minutes. Haven't read the books in a long time so sorry if some things are off. I don't see very many fanfics about the brothership Rodrick and Greg have. Even though they aren't Sam and Dean, they are still brothers. Inspired by I need a Father by Starship Greg should be used to it by now, but he's not. Rodrick is his older brother, but he sure as hell doesn't act like it. Rodrick snaps at him for every little thing he does. Even standing in his way. Greg wants to tell mom and dad, but he knows they aren't going to do shit about it. Mom will just say talk it out but that only ends in pain and misery. Yet here they are again, having another one of their stupid fights. Mom and dad were out, Manny was sleeping upstairs, so no one could break them up. Greg's on his own on this one. \"Just fuck off Greg!\" Rodrick yelled at Greg. \"NO! You always say that! Not this time! All I want to do is hang out with you! Why is that so hard to do?!\" \"Where do I start, let's see...you're annoying, you're a brat, you're constanting getting me in trouble. You're nothing but a piece of shit! I've never liked you! EVER!\" \"What did I ever do to you?!\" \"You became my brother!\" Rodrick yelled as he slammed his attic door. The second it slammed shut, it started to rain. Greg just stood there shocked by his broth...no Rodrick's words. So that what he did wrong all these years. Greg blinked back tears, but they already spilled out down his cheeks. Greg turned around and went to his room and gently closed his door, locking it behind him. He collapsed onto his bed and started to quietly sob. Why did his brother hate him so? Oh wait...because he was born...that's why. Greg couldn't remember a time when Rodrick and him actually got along. If there ever was a time like that. Greg took out his diary and flipped through the pages of what it would be like to have an actual brother. One that cares and loves you. Never punches you in the back...literally, one who's there for you. Greg's heart cries out for a brother...he needs a brother. As if things weren't bad enough at home, people at school bullied him for how much of a shrimp he was. Aren't older brothers supposed to protect you from things like that? He supposed that would be the case if he had one. Sure he had Manny, but he was way too little to understand what's happening between them. Greg takes a pen out and starts to write something he wants to tell Rodrick, but was always so afraid to tell him personally. Afraid he'll get hit or punched or embarrassed. He sets down the journal in the middle of the bed. He turns his attention to a sweatshirt that Rodrick gave him because he didn't like it anymore. It was a sick baby barf color but Greg loved it because Rodrick gave it to him. It was the only thing that he gave him...ever. He puts it on, climbs out the window to sit on the roof. The rain immediately hitting his sweatshirt. But now he didn't care. He cried with the rain. Rodrick immediately regretted those words the second they left his mouth. The look of hurt and betrayal his little brother's face was enough to send him into wave of apologies right there but he was stubborn as ever. He didn't mean what he said. God no...he loved the little twerp to death but he would never admit that. Rodrick slumped into his chair. He wanted to fix this but he didn't know how to even begin. He admits that he had treated Greg badly before, but that's what brothers do...right? No...that's the exact opposite of what brothers do. Brothers look out for each other, protect each other and hang out. That's all Greg wanted to do...and Rodrick screwed it up. Finally gathering enough courage to confront Greg, he got up and went to Greg's room. He knocked and tried to turn the knob, but was locked. \"Greg please open the door.\" Nothing \"I know you're pissed at me, you have every right to be but please just open the door.\" Nothing \"Damn it you twerp…\" Rodrick grabbed the key from the doorframe and unlocked the door. Cold. That was the first thing that Rodrick registered. He looked around and didn't see Greg anywhere. He saw a book on the bed and saw something written in it. He began to read. Hold me..somebody Don't let me be alone Love me, stay with me I am dying to be known My heart cries out I need a brother whose love will never fail me A friend like no other whose trusted arms will hold me I need a brother I am wounded But I tuck the pain away Free me, heal me I don't want to be afraid I need a brother whose love will never fail me A friend like no other whose trusted arms will hold me I need a brother Here's my heart Be tender, please Let me know your love for me Here's my heart I'm on my knees I will trust ' Cause I believe… The second he finished reading, his eyes were glazed with tears. This is my fault... He thought bitterly. He then paid attention to the wind he felt on his right. He saw the window open. He looked outside and saw a figure sitting on the edge of the roof. He knew it was Greg. He gently climbed out the window, and onto the roof. He crawled over to Greg and sat next to him. \"What do you want?\" asked Greg after a minute. \"I'm sorry…\" Rodrick said. \"No you're not. You always say sorry...you never mean it.\" \"Well I do this time. I really do. I'm sorry...I didn't mean it.\" \"You said you hated me...you hate me as your brother…what changed?\" \"...I don't have a good answer to be honest…\" Greg just nodded. Rodrick didn't say anything for a while. \"Do you really hate me? Am I that annoying?\" \"No...you're not.\" \"Then why'd you push me away for all these years.\" \"I didn't want you to become me…\" Greg finally meet his eyes. \"What are you talking about?\" \"Look at me. I'm barely out of high school, with a band that really sucks. I'll never get into a college. I pushed you away because I don't want you to be me…I know...I know I've been a bad...horrible brother but I wanna be your brother.\" Greg said nothing, he let his body slump against Rodrick's. Rodrick looked at him, he pulled him closer to him. He rested his head against Greg's. He smiled, slightly. \"I've always looked up to you. You're the coolest.\" \"Even after everything I did to you?\" \"You'll always be my brother.\" Greg said snuggling closer into the hard chest. Rodrick pulling him closer. Tightening his grip. \"I need a brother...I need you bro...\" Rodrick tightened his grip on Greg. \"I know...I'll be here for you…\" Greg smiled. \"Come on let's get you of this rain.\" Rodrick said reluctantly letting Greg go. It felt good to hold his little brother. \"Ok…\" said Greg pulling away sadly. They both went inside. \"I'ma warm pizza up and put a movie on. Change out those wet clothes before you get sick.\" Greg nodded as Rodrick left the room. \"GREG! HURRY UP!\" yelled Rodrick from downstairs. \"Coming!\" said Greg as he put his journal on the bed. He shut his door and ran downstairs. Continuing from his previous passage, it read… You are my brother Your love will never fail me A friend like no other Your trusted arms will hold me You are my brother _ The end! What did you think? Salvage will be out soon. Busy with school. ","Summary":" An AU where Rodrick completely ignores Greg, pretends he doesn't exist. And when he notices him, he"},{"Movie":"Diary of a Wimpy Kid","Title":"Diary of a Wimpy Kid-First day of high School","Author":"Melman the Giraffe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9706895","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Diary of a Wimpy Kid-First day of high School. Okay this year I'm going to be in 9th grade High School. The night before, We went to our new movie theater that opened up. The opening night was $5.00 a ticket, Small popcorn was $1.00 & of course my favorite candy. Unfortunately my parents would not let me have any. They told me that I'm seeing the Dentist next week. I hate the Dentist. Manny & I go to the same Dentist. I feel to old to go to a kids Dentist. They said I can only see him until I'm 18. at the theater, I saw my friend Rowley. I went through puberty during the summer. Now He's the same size of me. Last year he was two inches shorter then I'm am. Tonight was the worse night of my teenage life because Manny picked out the movie \"The little puppy\". Not appropriate for teenagers. I wanted to go with Rowley. \"Zombie in my neighborhood\". Unfortunately my parents think families have to stick together. The just don't understand that I too old for a little kids movies plus they think that movie will scare me . When We got to the snack bar guess who was working there. Patty Farrell the mean bully school. Unfortunately she has to be nice of She'll get fired from her boss. In the movie I tricked my Mom by say that need to go to the bathroom & I excuse myself & snuck in \"Zombie in my neighborhood\". Rowley: I though you were with your family. I thought up a lie Greg: My Mom said I can be with you. After the Movie when I got out of the Move, Mom had her hand on her hips. She was mad at me. Rowley: Oh Hi Mrs. Heffley? Mom did not say hi. Instead she grabbed me. on the shoulder like I was a little kid. Susan: Come on were going home. The next morning It was the first day of School. I found out that I was going to the same school as Roderick my brother. He start 12th grade. A senior in School. He started a rock band called \"Loaded Diaper\". Patty was crying at her locker so I went to try to comfort her. We maybe enemies but deep inside me I really care about her. Greg:Patty What's wrong? Patty: I got fired from my boss last night & he refuse to give me my paycheck so my Mom grounded me. Greg: What did you do? Patty: He caught me listening to music while I cleaning up & I was dancing with a mop pretended that it was my boyfriend & the people laugh at me. I felt so the teenage boys were throwing popcorn at me & shouting LOSER! at me. So when I get home today, I need to go to my room. The bell rang & we had to be in our homeroom . After school. Mom planned a first day of School outing for us. I was a open house at Manny's School. Manny started kindergarten. We have to be there at 5:00pm. After open house, We stopped for pizza for dinner. Mom lectured me. Dad was ordering the pizza. Susan: Greg, I need to apologize for last night. I know your growing up. it's hard for parents to let go of their kids, but I realize that my boy was no longer a kid & I'm going to try to respect that next time. I should of let you go with Rowley last night but Manny think it was a good idea that we all go together as a family. Greg: Thanks Mom. Mom realize now that I need to make my own decisions. Dad & Roderick came to the table with the pizza's & drinks. After dinner, We came home. The End. ","Summary":" Diary of a Wimpy Kid-First day of high School. Okay this year I'm going to be in 9th grade High Sch"},{"Movie":"Diary of a Wimpy Kid","Title":"The Jefferson Girl","Author":"Alice Underland Loves Hatter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10402500","Passage":"[Chapter 1] p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 0.5em; color: #333333; font-family: 'Open Sans', sans-serif, 'Helvetica Neue', Arial, Helvetica;\"SLAM! Great, the dork's home./p ","Summary":" p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 0.5em; color: #333333; font-family: 'Open Sans', "},{"Movie":"Diary of a Wimpy Kid","Title":"Le Rock, les filles, la vie","Author":"lasurvolte","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11543243","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Titre : Le Rock, les filles, la vie. Autatrice : lasurvolte (de pseudo) ou mari (mais vous pouvez m'appelez aussi Plectrude si ça vous dit ^^) Disclaimer : Pas à moi. Prompts : Trouvez vos réponses si vous n'aimez pas les miennes. J'ai peur du monstre sous mon lit. Note : ceci est ma première fic sur Wimpy Kid, et peut-être ma dernière. Mais j'avais trop trop trop envie d'écrire sur Rodrick. Alors j'ai un peu fait le « pré-Rodrick », quand il était au collège et tout, j'ai essayé de respecter à fond le personnage, j'espère que vous aimerez. C'était la rentrée au collège, et Rodrick savait qu'il allait devenir hyper populaire, le mec le plus génial du collège, la coqueluche de toutes les filles, le plus beau gosse. Ce genre de choses. Il était à la fois nerveux et excité, persuadé que tout allait bien se passer. Il aurait forcément les potes les plus drôles, et lui-même ferait partie des gars avec qui on voudrait forcément traîner. Douces illusions, dont ils se berçaient, bien sûr. Le collège c'était un endroit dangereux. Remplis de filles (vraiment très très jolies les filles) et de grosses brutes qui pensaient que vous mettre la tête dans les toilettes étaient tellement marrant qu'ils vous y noieraient juste pour rire. Et ça c'était à éviter, à tout prix. Si tu tombais dans leurs griffes, t'étais mort. Rodrick fit de son mieux pour les éviter dès le début. Les brutes. Pas les filles. Non les filles ça lui plaisait ça. Les premières semaines furent les plus difficiles, le temps de prendre ses marques. Rodrick avait beau parler le plus fort et rire la moitié du temps des blagues qu'il faisait, les gens ne semblaient pas réellement réceptif à son humour. Rodrick se demandait bien pourquoi. Il était pourtant parfaitement drôle, et absolument trop cool. Il connaissait tous les mots pour avoir l'air cool d'ailleurs, et les disait à tour de bras comme on enfile des perles. Et franchement, cette fois où il s'était fait coller par le prof pour avoir trop bien répliquer une réplique de la mort qui tue, il aurait dû avoir toute la classe à ses pieds écroulée de rire. Mais non. Pas du tout. Mais pourquoi ? Il avait bien demandé à Greg, mais Greg était trop bête pour savoir, évidemment. Greg croyait toujours que le père noël existait et mangeait encore des petits pots en buvant son biberon. - N'importe quoi, je crois plus au père noël, j'ai six ans ! - Va changer ta couche ! - Mais je porte plus de couche ! Alors bien sûr Greg ne pouvait pas avoir la réponse. Mais c'était amusant de lui demander quand même tout en lui faisant croire que le croque mitaine allait venir le bouffer bientôt (Greg en avait pleuré toute la nuit, mouahaha). Et ses parents étaient bien trop vieux pour comprendre quelque chose aux jeunes, donc inutile de demander (non mais sérieusement, sa mère lui avait acheté un tee-shirt mickey. UN TEE SHIRT MICKEY ! Elle ne comprenait rien aux ados. Rien du tout.) Rodrick avait donc réfléchi un looooooong moment au problème, avant de comprendre en allumant la télé. Ou plutôt. C'était la télé qui s'était allumée toute seule, comme par magie. On était samedi, il s'était allongé sur le canapé la minute d'avant, et paf la minute d'après, la télé était allumée et passait une musique de l'enfer qui réveilla Rodrick immédiatement. Il venait de trouver sa vocation. Le rock ! Le rock quoi. Tout dans le rock était génial. Les fringues, les accessoires, le eyeliner, la batterie. La musique aussi bien sûr. Rodrick s'y voyait déjà. Lui jouant de la batterie, avec un groupe du tonnerre, super célèbre, super riche, et toutes les filles à ses pieds. Ni une ni deux, Rodrick avait jeté toutes ses fringues à la poubelle. Non mais franchement ses petits polos beiges tout mignons pour gamins bien habillés, c'était bon pour les autres. Lui il lui fallait des tee-shirt noirs avec des têtes de morts, des jeans trop classes et ce genre de choses. Il refit toute sa garde robe (grâce à des friperies en tout genre où on trouvait tout et n'importe quoi pour rien du tout), s'acheta des bracelets trop classe et des colliers en métal hyper cool. Il se laissa pousser un peu les cheveux pour leur donner un style tout décoiffé, et piqua le eyeliner de sa mère. Le problème avec le eyeliner c'était que c'était dur à mettre, et au début il s'en foutait partout, il avait même failli se rendre borgne. Alors bon. Il allait devoir s'entraîner un peu. Puis finalement il avait demandé à ses parents de lui payer une batterie et de l'inscrire à des cours. Bientôt il serait le meilleur batteur du monde. Et pour commencer le meilleur du collège. xxx Ce qu'il y avait d'embêtant avec les parents, c'est qu'ils ne voyaient jamais plus loin que leur bout du nez. Pour acheter une batterie à Rodrick, et lui payer des cours, il fallait que leur fils chéri fasse des efforts pour prouver qu'il le méritait. Il sortait la poubelle au moins une fois par mois, c'était pas suffisant comme effort ça ? Pourquoi ne se rendaient-ils pas compte que c'était tout l'avenir de Rodrick qui était en jeu ? SA vie même. En quoi faire le ménage, avoir des bonnes notes, et montrer qu'on fait correctement ses devoirs allait l'aider à devenir un super joueur de rock ? Non mais franchement. Ils n'y comprenaient rien. Greg non plus d'ailleurs. - J'aime pas trop ta musique c'est trop fort. Rodrick l'avait puni en s'introduisant sous son lit pendant la nuit et en attrapant sa jambe pendant qu'il dormait. Greg s'était fait pipi dessus de peur, ça avait été trop drôle ! Même si Rodrick avait été puni de corvée de vaisselle pendant un mois, ça avait trop valu le coup. A part ça il faisait tout ce qu'il pouvait pour avoir de bonnes notes. Mais il y avait Lindsey, c'était pas facile d'écouter les profs quand on avait dans sa classe une fille comme Lindsey. Elle était trop belle. Rodrick avait essayé de lui parler, du rock et tout ça. Elle lui avait rit au nez. Sûr, elle était déjà amoureuse de lui. Normal avec son charisme. Donc ses notes n'étaient pas terribles terribles, et puis les profs leur demandaient de faire des trucs super dur. Genre d'imaginer comment était le monde il y a cent ans. Sérieusement ? Qu'est ce qu'il en savait lui ? Il ne savait déjà pas ce qu'il s'était passé il y a vingt ans, alors il y en a cent ? Il écrivit ce qu'il pensait. Un devoir super. Sur les dinosaures et tout ça. Franchement ça méritait au moins un A, si ce n'était pas un A+. A la place le prof s'était énervé contre lui, lui avait mis la plus mauvaise note. Il lui avait demandé s'il se moquait de lui où s'il croyait réellement qu'il y avait cent ans il y avait déjà des dinosaures (bien sûr que oui c'était y a longtemps), et il avait été collé. Ses parents avaient bien sûr été furieux. Et mince. A ce train là il n'aurait jamais sa batterie. Adieu les filles. Adieu la célébrité. Adieu la richesse. xxx En attendant Rodrick se fit des amis. Il y avait Lerman, c'était un type hyper cool avec pleins de piercing partout qui parlait uniquement en monosyllabe, fumait pleins de cigarettes (mais bon ça avait un goût dégueu alors Rodrick le faisait pas) et savait roter en récitant l'alphabet. Il était le plus vieux parce qu'il avait déjà redoublé deux fois. Rodrick avait demandé à ses parents s'il pouvait se faire percer le nez, les oreilles et l'arcade sourcilière, comme Lerman, mais ils avaient refusé et ils ne voulaient pas non plus que Rodrick fréquente Lerman sous prétexte qu'il n'était pas quelqu'un de bien. Non mais je vous jure les parents… Sinon il y avait Manu. Lui il avait l'âge de Rodrick. Il n'était pas aussi cool que Lerman, genre il portait simplement des chemises et des jeans et parlait beaucoup en mâchant pleins de chewing gum, mais il avait des tonnes de cds de musique rock et il connaissait pleins de trucs. En plus il acceptait de faire les devoirs de Rodrick, quand Rodrick n'arrivait pas à manipuler son père pour qu'il les lui fasse. Il était sympa comme gars, et lui et Rodrick se marraient bien (comme cette fois là où Manu avait répondu un truc faux au prof qui avait râlé « mais non Manu, ne dis pas n'importe quoi » et que Manu avait rétorqué « si vous n'aimez pas mes réponses, vous n'avez qu'à donner les votre ». Bon ça lui avait valu quatre heures de colle, mais quand même ça avait été vachement hilarant). Avec l'aide de Manu, et pas du tout celle de Lerman (mais peu importe rien que de traîner avec Lerman était cool !), Rodrick finit par avoir des assez bonnes notes pour que ses parents acceptent pour la batterie (et ben, pas trop tôt !) Bon il avait aussi dû ranger sa chambre. Et finalement ça n'avait pas été plus mal, Rodrick en avait profité pour tout bazarder et mettre des trucs plus rock et qui ressemblait au nouveau Rodrick. Des posters de groupes de musique, une guirlande de lumière, ce genre de trucs. Lerman lui avait dégoté une vieille lampe qui faisait pleins de couleurs, et Manu lui avait filé un poster géant qu'il avait scotché sur son plafond. Il était super satisfait. Son père avait emménagé un bout de garage et voilà, Rodrick eut sa batterie. C'était le plus beau jour de sa vie, le meilleur du best. Greg posa sa main sur une des cymbales et Rodrick lui montra ses dents : - Pas touche à ça minus, jamais, où je t'attache dans la cave. Non mais. Rodrick allait la chouchouter sa batterie. Mais d'abord il fallait qu'il l'essaie. Il en joua trois heures d'affilés avant que son père lui donne de l'argent pour qu'il arrête et n'y touche plus tant qu'il n'aurait pas commencé les cours de musique. - Je sais pas papa, faut quand même que je sois entraîné. Le père avait doublé la mise et Rodrick avait ricané. Il faisait un très bon négociateur quand il le voulait. Lerman avait une vieille guitare, il en jouait super mal, mais bon il en jouait alors c'était un début. Manu chantait, même s'il avait une toute petite voix de chanteur de choral, ça irait. Manquait plus qu'un bassiste et ils auraient un super groupe de rock. Ils pourraient s'appeler Les Rocker Sauvages, ou un truc aussi cool. Pour le nom, ils verraient biens. Comme Rodrick avait commencé les cours de batterie, ils se retrouvaient tous les trois dans son garage et reprenait des musiques qu'ils aimaient bien, et ils étaient absolument géniaux, même si des voisins jaloux vinrent se plaindre qu'ils faisaient trop de boucan. xxx - Salut Lindsey, je fais partie d'un groupe de rock maintenant et je suis le batteur. - Salut euh… Toi. Je suis occupé. - Ah ouais je vois. Lindsey était timide, c'était comme ça. Mais c'était sûr, elle en pinçait grave pour Rodrick. Maintenant que Rodrick avait sa batterie, ses notes chutèrent un peu, mais il avait mieux à faire que faire ses devoirs. Devenir une super rock star par exemple, ça c'était plus intéressant que l'histoire, l'anglais ou les maths. Ses parents incapables de comprendre ça, comme d'hab, le punirent. Plus de batterie tant que ses notes ne grimpaient pas à nouveau. Et plus d'eyeliner non plus. Bordel les parents, je vous jure. - Hey Lindsey, tu veux pas m'aider pour mes devoirs ? Rodrick avait mis son plus beau tee-shirt (Nirvana) et avait passé des heures à décoiffer ses cheveux. Il avait mis son bracelet préféré (le gros noir en cuir). Il lui sourit (ce sourire de tombeur, toutes les filles l'adoraient), impossible qu'elle refuse. - Non désolé, j'ai d'autres trucs à faire, une autre fois peut-être hein ? - Ouais d'accord. Elle craquait forcément pour lui, voilà pourquoi elle ne trouvait pas cool de l'aider pour ses devoirs, elle préférait l'entendre jouer de la batterie. Du coup Rodrick s'était rabattu sur Manu, pour l'aide aux devoirs, il expliquait bien, ils écoutaient du rock en même temps, ce n'était pas si mal. - Je comprends pas pourquoi Lindsey fait sa timide, faudrait peut-être que je l'invite à un rendez-vous. - A mon avis Rodrick t'es trop bien pour elle. Rodrick avait froncé les sourcils : - Tu rigoles ? Cette fille c'est une bombe, si c'était un tube de rock, elle serait numéro un ! - Elle est jolie mais pas franchement sympa. - Elle est adorable. - T'es aveugle parce que t'es amoureux. Rodrick avait hoché la tête sans comprendre ce que lui disait Manu : - Carrément amoureux ouais ! Je vais lui proposer un rendez-vous t'as raison. Manu n'avait pas insisté. Rodrick avait passé son dimanche à y réfléchir. En dormant sur le canapé. Et le lundi : - Lindsey tu sais je connais un coin sympa, ça te dirait d'y aller avec moi ? Je te jouerai un air de musique. Elle s'était contentée de rire (encore ! Elle devait vraiment le trouver drôle) - Non, jamais, même pas en rêve. Rodrick avait été plutôt déçu. xxx Rodrick avait trouvé le moyen de plaire à Lindsey, c'était Lerman qui lui avait soufflé l'idée. Les filles adoraient les mecs tatoués. Bien sûr ses parents avaient refusé qu'il fasse de son corps une bande dessinée de rocker, alors Rodrick s'était contenté de se dessiner des trucs au marqueur noir, et ça claquait tout aussi bien. - Tu peux me dessiner un truc ? Avait osé demander Greg. Rodrick avait acquiescé, puis il lui avait fait une petite fleur sur la joue. Mouahaha il avait l'air bien ridicule Greggy comme ça. Bizarrement Greg avait semblé plutôt content (quel naze ce frangin). C'était sa mère qui avait pété un plomb en voyant ça, et lui avait confisqué tous ses marqueurs. Pfff, les vieux. Considérant que c'était la faute de Greg, il décida de le punir, et il l'enferma dans les toilettes en bloquant la porte de l'extérieur avec une chaise. Non mais, fallait pas cafter aux parents. Rodrick emprunta un marqueur à Manu et se dessina des trucs cool sur les bras (genre une guitare, une épingle, tout ça quoi …), et il s'était pointé devant Lindsey, en tee-shirt –tant pis pour l'hiver- afin qu'elle voit bien ses tatouages. Ca n'avait rien donné, elle n'avait même pas levé les yeux vers lui. Par contre Rodrick s'était choppé un rhume. xxx Comme ses notes étaient de nouveau dans une moyenne satisfaisante, Rodrick pouvait à nouveau jouer. D'ailleurs il s'améliorait à la batterie grâce au cours qu'il prenait, et il avait eu une super idée. S'inscrire avec Lerman et Manu au spectacle de fin d'année. Ils allaient donner un concert, ça serait absolument trop génial. Pas comme les nazes du théâtre ou du club vidéo. Non eux, ils mettraient le feu à la salle, tout le monde allait danser ! Ca serait trop trop bien. Bien sûr Lerman et Manu étaient d'accord. Il manquait toujours un bassiste, mais tant pis. Ils feraient sans. Tous les week-end le groupe s'entraîna, ils s'améliorèrent même. Manu chantait moins chorale et plus rock, et Lerman jouait presque bien. Quand à Rodrick il se débrouillait bien et en plus il savait faire des trucs trop bons avec ses baguettes, ça ça plairait forcément au public. Ils n'avaient toujours pas de nom, mais ça viendrait. Et puis les parents avaient levé l'interdiction au eyeliner (heureusement, de quoi il aurait eut l'air sur scène sans ?) - Salut Lindsey, je me disais que ce serait cool si tu venais nous voir jouer au spectacle de fin d'année. - Ouais ouais je verrai, avait-elle répondu agacé. Rodrick était trop heureux. Elle avait dit oui ! xxx Le spectacle était dans trois jours et Rodrick s'entraînait sur sa batterie tandis que Manu chantait. Ca faisait quelques temps que Lerman n'était pas venu aux entraînements. Ni Rodrick, ni Manu ne savaient ce qu'il faisait, sans doute un truc cool connaissant Lerman. Rodrick ne s'en faisait pas trop, même si Manu lui disait que c'était quand même un peu bizarre. Quand Rodrick découvrit la vérité il fut anéanti. Ce n'est même pas Lerman qui vint leur dire, c'est un pote d'un pote d'un copain du cousin d'un pote à Lerman qui connaissait Manu qui leur dit. Autant dire que tout le monde était au courant, sauf les principaux concernés. Lerman avait lâché leur groupe, il jouait pour le groupe du frère de Lindsey, mais c'était pas ça le pire. Non le pire c'était qu'il sortait avec Lindsey, tout le monde le savait au collège, on les avait vu s'embrasser et tout. Tout le monde sauf Rodrick. Il eut l'impression que le monde s'écroulait. En une soirée il avait perdu son guitariste (alors que le spectacle était super super bientôt) et sa future petite amie. Il alla s'enfermer dans sa chambre, il voulait parler à personne, et surtout pas à Greg. Rodrick était trop dégoûté, il se sentait trahis. Son père et sa mère vinrent quand même lui parler, mais même s'ils se comportaient en parents cool, Rodrick resta triste. Le jour J, Rodrick et Manu étaient dans la panade, impossible de faire le spectacle. Juste un batteur et un chanteur ? Ca craignait à fond franchement. Puis il y avait le groupe du frère de Lindsey qui passait, Lerman jouait de la guitare et franchement Rodrick se demandait comment il avait même pu trouver ce type cool un jour. Il faisait des grimaces pour faire croire qu'il jouait bien, mais il cassait les oreilles de tout le monde, puis Lerman trouva génial de lancer sa guitare sur scène à la fin, et ça franchement c'était débile. Rodrick eut les larmes aux yeux quand il le vit embrasser Lindsey, et franchement s'il ne refusa pas le câlin de Greg c'était uniquement parce qu'il était bien trop déprimé pour se reculer. Et puis Manu arriva soudain tout sourire. - Rodrick, viens j'ai trouvé un guitariste de dernière minute, on va pouvoir jouer. Rodrick avait pas trop le cœur à ça mais Manu prit sa main et le traîna de force : - Allez viens, t'en rêve, on s'en fiche de cette fille. Puis tu vas voir la guitariste est mignonne, parce que oui c'est une fille ! Et Manu avait raison, la guitariste était mignonne. - Tu connais les morceaux ? Demanda-t-il. - Ouais t'inquiète, Manu m'a dit c'était quoi, ça ira. Je joue pas mal. Rodrick demanda à Manu comment il la connaissait et celui-ci répondu : - C'est ma cousine, Lola ! - Elle est cool ta cousine, vachement plus cool que Lerman. - Et plus sympa que Lindsey. Rodrick ne le contredit pas. Ils allaient passer sur scène, Lola s'était déjà avancée sur scène et Rodrick allait la suivre mais Manu le retint par le poignet : - Tu n'oublies pas quelque chose ? - Euh si, bien sûr. Merci Manu tu gères, tu es le meilleur ! Et il avait serré Manu dans ses bras et même pas à contre cœur. Manu se recula, les joues rouges – il avait chaud ? – et secoua la tête : - Mais non idiot. Ca ! Il sortit un tube de eyeliner et Rodrick sourit. - Ah ouais. Ca. Il laissa Manu lui en mettre autour des yeux, et ils entrèrent sur scène. Et ce fut absolument génial ! Lola jouait trop bien, Manu chantait trop bien, et Rodrick était à fond comme d'habitude. Et quand Manu se tourna vers lui pour lui faire signe, Rodrick lui sourit. Ouais Manu était mille fois, un milliard de fois plus cool que Lerman. xxx Manu dût déménager quelques temps après, et ce fut la fin du groupe sans nom. Manu manquerait à Rodrick en tout cas ça c'était sûr et certain. Mais plus tard il rencontra d'autres types, super sympa, super cool. Et avec eux il fonda les Löded Dipper, le meilleur groupe de rock de tous les temps. Fin. L'autatrice : si tu as lu cette fic parce que tu adores Rodrick alors adorons Rodrick ensemble, si tu l'as lu sans connaître mais juste par curiosité alors j'espère que Rodrick t'aura plu et je te remercie d'avoir lu cette fic que j'ai vraiment adoré écrire. Voilà voilà. ","Summary":" Titre : Le Rock, les filles, la vie. Autatrice : lasurvolte (de pseudo) ou mari (mais vous pouvez m"},{"Movie":"Diary of a Wimpy Kid","Title":"Abang Penindas","Author":"seerstella","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10925246","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Abang Penindas Author: Seer M. Anno Disclaimer: I own nothing of Diary of a Wimpy Kid. This is made purely for fun. Rating: PG-13 Summary: Siapa yang mengira kamu bisa melakukan itu? A/N: Untuk Challenge #KalimatMemotivasi dari Shireishou. Dibuat di kubur(an) di Hari Natal, so… Selamat Natal! Enjoy! Abang Penindas Seer M. Anno Tidak pernah ada yang mengira kamu mampu melakukannya. Terutama aku, yang sudah tidak lagi menyukaimu sejak kamu menunjukkan kesenangan pada hal-hal yang kubenci: musik sampah, kemalasan, keisengan… Kamu pengeja terburuk, abang penindas, pemegang rekor nilai terjelek se-SMA, calon sampah masyarakat, cowok aneh, abang penindas, pemalas, drummer band metal kacangan, abang penindas, tukang tidur, dan ribuan sebutan menyedihkan lainnya. Siapapun takkan bangga mendengarnya. Mungkin kecuali kamu sendiri. Suka atau tidak, sebutan 'abang penindas' itu memang akan melekat padamu selamanya, menilik caramu memperlakukan adikmu. Hampir setiap pagi ada teriakan di dalam rumah, yang kemudian berubah menjadi debat kusir dan/atau pukul-pukulan. Entah keisengan apa yang kamu lakukan pada adikmu sampai dia harus seperti itu. Tapi kalian berdua kelihatan akur akhir-akhir ini, dan kurasa semua karena hari itu. Semuanya dimulai ketika adik pertamamu, Greg, menyelinap keluar di luar jam tidurnya. Anak itu—dia memang bandel juga—kembali pada tengah malam buta, tanpa ada yang tahu. Kecuali kamu. \"Heh, Greggy, aku ingin sekali bilang soal tengah mal—\" Kalimatmu itu tidak pernah selesai, karena Greg keburu membekap mulutmu. Kamu menyentakkan tangannya sambil menjulurkan lidah. Kamu seringkali menggoda Greg soal ini di meja makan, tapi dia tidak pernah benar-benar membalasnya. Lagipula aku terlalu sibuk untuk memperhatikan kalian lebih jauh, dan bosan juga mendengar pertengkaran kalian setiap saat. Aku tidak mendengar nada mengancam dalam suaramu, jadi kurasa kalian baik-baik saja. Sampai suatu saat aku melihatmu di belakang supermarket itu. Awalnya aku tidak mengenalimu, tapi tidak ada lagi yang punya kaus ' Löded Diper ' seperti itu di lingkungan kita. Aku memang tidak terlalu peduli dengan band -mu, tapi bukan berarti aku tidak tahu namanya. Kamu tidak sendirian. Ada beberapa anak sepertimu di sana, dan aku tidak menyukai mereka. Kalian tampak mencurigakan, tapi buatku, kamu memang selalu mencurigakan, jadi aku hanya melewati kalian begitu saja. Tapi, entah kenapa, perasaanku sedikit aneh. Jadi, aku memutar dan kembali ke tempat itu. Sialnya, jalanan agak macet, sehingga ketika aku kembali ke sana, anak-anak itu sudah pergi. Hanya tinggal kamu… dan Greg, yang kaupanggul di bahu. Adikmu itu pingsan, dan aku bisa melihat wajahmu yang memar-memar disinari lampu jalan. Aku baru akan keluar dari mobil dan menghampiri kalian, tapi kamu tiba-tiba berlari. Kamu berlari sekuat tenaga, dan aku memutuskan untuk mengikutimu tanpa mengagetkanmu. Aku melihat van -mu diparkir di pojok jalan, dan aku bisa melihatmu mendudukan Greg ke kursi depan sebelum tancap gas. \"Kalian mau ke mana?\" tanyaku pada diriku sendiri, lalu mengikuti kalian. Kamu berhenti di sebuah klinik, dan langsung meninggalkan mobilmu begitu saja di depan pintu masuk, sampai aku harus memarkirkannya untukmu. Aku sempat melihat wajah Greg yang berlumuran darah sebelum kamu memanggulnya ke dalam klinik, dan aku sadar kenapa kamu membawanya kemari. Begitu aku masuk dan menanyakan dirimu pada perawat, dia mengantarku ke ruang istirahat. \"Mereka di ujung sana, Tuan. Mereka hanya beristirahat sebentar sebelum pulang, karena luka-lukanya tidak terlalu parah,\" katanya, lalu berdeham. \"Mereka mungkin akan menyangkalnya di depan Anda, tapi saya tahu mereka baru saja berkelahi.\" Aku sudah bisa menebak itu, dan aku marah sekali mendengarnya. Apa-apaan kalian? Kalau ada yang habis dikeroyok, itu pasti perbuatanmu. Dan kenapa pula Greg terlibat? Aku berderap ke arah tempat tidur paling ujung, bersiap untuk memarahi kalian, ketika aku mendengar suara. \"Kau gila betul tadi, Rodrick.\" \" Kau yang gila. Bisa-bisanya kau meladeni mereka.\" \"Mereka memalakku, Rodrick! Kau kan tahu soal itu!\" \"Dan kau sudah memberikan uangmu pada preman-preman itu sejak libur musim panas yang lalu! Artinya kau sudah menyelinap keluar di tengah malam buta selama berbulan-bulan! Bodoh benar kau.\" \"Kau sendiri lihat betapa parahnya mereka—aduh! Menurutmu memar ini bakal sembuh kapan, Rodrick?\" \"Mana kutahu.\" Aku mendengar suara kursi ditarik dan ' uf ' pelan, tanda kamu duduk di atasnya. \"Hanya aku yang boleh menggangumu, adik kecil.\" \"Jadi kau menghajar mereka?\" Greg terdengar khawatir ketika menanyakannya. \"Padahal ada temanmu di sana. Dia pasti bakal membantaimu nanti.\" Kamu terdiam lama sekali. Aku mendengar suara gesekan dari tempat tidur, dan kurasa itu suara Greg beringsut mendekatimu. \"Hei, Rodrick,\" panggilnya. Suaranya lebih pelan daripada tadi. \"Apa? Kita harus pulang jam sembilan, Greg, jadi kau harus tidur dulu atau aku yang akan memaksamu.\" Nadamu sudah memerintah dan menyebalkan seperti biasa, nada yang tidak pernah kusukai. \"…kau takkan… berubah, kan?\" Kamu mendadak tertawa, yang membuatku terkaget-kaget. Kamu jarang tertawa sekeras itu di rumah. \"Nantikan muntahan di bantalmu besok pagi, Greggy. Atau mau kujegal di tangga?\" Aku tidak mengerti apa maksudnya, tapi Greg tertawa, jadi kurasa dia mengerti. Muntahan? Aku langsung merasa jijik. Kurasa aku harus menyiapkan alat pembersih di samping kamar Greg sebelum tidur. \"Oke, oke. Aku tidur. Kaubangunkan aku jam berapa sebelum pulang?\" \"Siapa bilang aku akan membangunkanmu? Aku mau pulang, peduli amat denganmu. Biar saja Ayah menjemputmu besok pagi.\" \"Rodrick! Aku serius!\" Aku bisa mendengarmu mendengus dan tertawa mengejek. \"Jam sembilan. Sana tidur, aku harus bicara dengan dokter dulu.\" \"Oke, Rodrick.\" Aku merasa…malu karena menguping mereka, tapi sudah terlanjur. Sebelum kamu sempat memergokiku, aku berbalik dan berjalan keluar ruangan. Kurasa kalian tidak perlu kuganggu dengan omelan sekarang. Lagipula, ada alasan yang harus kukarang untuk melindungi kalian di rumah nanti. …Ada banyak saat ketika aku tidak bangga dengan putra sulungku. Tapi ini cerita lain. Tidak ada yang mengira kamu akan mati-matian membela adikmu yang seringkali kamu tindas juga. Semua mengira kamu takkan peduli padanya, tapi kejadian ini mematahkan semua pemikiran itu. Aku takkan mengatakannya dua kali, jadi dengar: \"Ayah bangga padamu, Rodrick.\" FIN. A/N: \"We don't always get along, but… I know he [Rodrick] is gonna be there for me.\" –Greg Heffley (Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Rodrick Rules) Word Count aslinya 891, jadi masih masuk peraturan kan? *puppy eyes* Rodrick dan muntahan palsunya… selalu epic. Nggak bisa nggak dimention XD Hope you like what you read! :) ","Summary":" Title: Abang Penindas Author: Seer M. Anno Disclaimer: I own nothing of Diary of a Wimpy Kid. This "},{"Movie":"Diary of a Wimpy Kid","Title":"The Drummer and His Skater Girl","Author":"fictionalboyfriends","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10115027","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Okay... so, I absolutely love Rodrick and I just had to write this when I created Nikki. Nikki is just a \"friend\" of Rodrick's who goes to school with him and likes to screw around and get to school with her skate board :3 DISCLAIMER: I do not own any characters except my OC! enjoy! ~ A/N Nikki's POV Rodrick's parents had left town with his brothers for the weekend, leaving the house to him. Obviously, there was no other way to spend it then have a party (in Rodrick's mind of course). But, hey, who was I to pass up an invite? Getting out of the house was easy. I was already planning on sleeping over a friend's house; I would just get there a bit later. I got to the house a bit early, but Rodrick invited me in willingly, saying he needed help with something. After he had set up everything for the party, he turned to me, grabbed my arm and pulled me into the bathroom. \"Rodrick, what are you doing?\" I demanded, the irritation dripping from my voice as I tried to pry his hand off my arm. \"I need your help. You brought eyeliner, right?\" He asked urgently, looking at me with severe seriousness. I chuckled, realizing what he was getting at. \"If you wanted me to do your make up, you should have just told me.\" I replied, reaching into my pocket for the stick of eyeliner. He rolled his eyes and sat on the toilet seat so he was eye level with me. \"You wanna go to cosmetology school, right? Use me as a guinea pig… Make sure I don't look like an idiot though, alright?\" He said as I pulled the cap off the stick of eyeliner. I rolled my eyes in response before I tilted his head back with one hand, and applied a fair amount onto his eyes with the other. After I smudged the edges a bit with my finger, I had to admit, he looked damned good with guyliner. \"There, now all you've got to do is put on a pair of fake boobs and you'll be ready for the drag show!\" I said with a smirk, capping the eye liner and stepping back so he could get up. He pushed my shoulder playfully before he stood up and admired my work. \"You'll have to show me how you do that… I don't want to have to keep you around just so you can fix my makeup all the time.\" He said with a last look over before he turned back to me. \"What I should do is start charging you.\" I replied with a smirk. He chuckled softly and stood there for a minute, just looking at me. The doorbell rang, and we both snapped out of it. \"I'll get it.\" He said, as he shuffled past me and ran towards the door. I stood in the bathroom, lost in my thoughts, thinking about the way he looked at me. Was he… going to kiss me? A chorus of enthusiastic greetings filled the house after the door was opened. I shook my head and forced the thought out of my mind. Forget it. Rodrick flirts with girls all the time… you're not special. I thought to myself, walking out of the bathroom, and into the living room. I had had one too many false assumptions, and I was not about to make another mistake. Rodrick's POV After a while, more people came and things picked up pretty well. It seemed like the whole school was there and everyone was having a great time. I was having a pretty good time too, that is until I realized something was off. A certain skater chick was yet to be seen throughout the whole party. \"Hey! Ben! Have you seen Nikki?\" I yelled over the loud music and people. \"No man! I haven't seen her since the party started!\" He yelled back before he went over to another girl. Shit… that can't be good… Girls got drugged at parties before, and people who knew them always said the same thing: \"She was fine for a while, but then she started throwing up like crazy.\" No. She wasn't drugged… She's too smart for that… Right? I shoved my way through packs of people. She was hanging out with her friend before, wasn't she? I scanned the sea of heads urgently, my heart rate not helping me calm down. I spotted Sharon over by the fridge with a group of people and headed towards them. \"Sharon!\" I yelled, pushing my way through the crowd. \"Rodrick! Awesome party dude!\" She called back, raising her cup to me. \"Where's Nikki?\" I yelled back, trying to calm myself when I noticed she wasn't there. \"Last time I saw her she said she wasn't feeling good… Check the bathroom!\" She yelled back before a mass of people engulfed her. I ran as fast as I could to the bathroom, shoving people aside and no doubt pissing some of them off in the process of doing so. The door was locked and I couldn't hear anything from the other side. \"Nikki?! Are you in there?! Its Rodrick! Open the door!\" I yelled to the other side, pounding my fist on the wood and shaking the frame. It clicked as the knob turned and the door swung open. Nikki stood in the door way, looking very pale and very tired. \"…Hey.\" She greeted weakly before clutching her stomach then falling to her knees in front of the toilet. \"Shit Nikki…\" I muttered, walking in and closing the door behind me as she let out a gagging noise. I kneeled next to her and pulled back her hair so she wouldn't barf on it. \"What happened?\" I asked as she ripped off some toilet paper and wiped her mouth. \"I don't know…\" She started, running her hand through her hair. \"I thought my drink tasted a little funny, and then the next thing I know, bam! I'm kneeling at the porcelain throne.\" She finished with a weak chuckle. I looked up at the red plastic cup sitting on the back of the toilet. \"Is that it there?\" I asked, taking it down and looking into it. She nodded slowly and leaned against the bath tub. \"It was supposed to be soda…\" She informed softly, crossing her arms over her stomach and closing her eyes. I sniffed the contents of the cup, and sure enough, it did not smell like Dr. Pepper. I poured the rest of it into the toilet and flushed it angrily before thinking of what it was. \"If it's what I think it is; when you're done puking your brains out, you'll pass out.\" I explained, sitting down on the ground with her. \"Great… Just my luck…\" She sighed. \"I should leave…\" She tried getting up, but she fell back onto the floor. \"Oh no you don't!\" I exclaimed, steadying her as she sat up. \"I'm not letting you back out there alone. As soon as you're feeling drowsy, I'm taking you up to my room so nothing else happens to you, whether you like it or not!\" I continued, pointing a finger to her for emphasis. She smiled and saluted me. \"Sir, yes sir!\" She replied before resting her head heavily on my shoulder. Nikki's POV About twenty minutes or so passed and I started falling asleep. I'd rest my head on his shoulder, and next thing I knew, it would be slipping off. He helped me up, I rinsed my mouth with some water from the sink and he led me up the stairs. It might have been the drugs messing with me, but I could have sworn he was giving a death glare to all the guys we passed on the way up to his room. I half expected him to dump me into the room then leave me. Instead, he helped me onto his bed, and then locked his door after bringing up a glass of water. Handing me the glass, he pulled up a chair next to the bed and sat down. \"If you're cold you can go under the blankets, I don't care.\" Rodrick said suddenly, seeing me hug my legs close to my chest. \"Thank you.\" I replied, pulling the covers over me. \"No problem. I know how cold it gets up here. Just wait until winter.\" He said with a small laugh, pulling the covers over my shoulders for me. \"You know, I don't think this would be what my dad would think if I told him I had a girl in my bed.\" He said with a chuckle and a grin. I chuckled with him. \"No, I think he'd imagine something else entirely.\" I agreed with him, smiling. He smiled back at me and slowly let it fade as I grew drowsier. My vision grew fuzzy and I couldn't stop my eye lids from falling. Somehow, I felt safe knowing that he was watching over me… The last thing I remember was Rodrick brushing my hair back as he leaned back in his chair to resume his guard dog mode. .:MORNING:. Sunlight streamed through the windows as morning came. I had forgotten I was in Rodrick's room and panicked a bit when I realized where I was. But once I had remembered what happened, I calmed down. Slowly, I slid out of bed and looked to the clock on the dresser. 11 AM… Damn. Standing was a little difficult at first. I had to rest a hand on the night stand next to me so I wouldn't fall. Carefully and quietly, I made my way down the stairs and into the living room. Rodrick was passed out on the couch, one leg up on top, the other hanging off to the side. Peanut butter and bread could be seen slapped on the walls. Crushed chips, pretzels and cheese puffs littered the floor, while silly string was clumped in various piles around the room. It must have been a pretty good party… I smiled as Rodrick let out a snore and stretched, slowly opening his eyes. \"Morning sleepy head.\" I greeted, walking a bit closer to him. He smiled. \"Morning… how ya feeling?\" He asked, stretching and yawning. \"Better… a little unbalanced, but better.\" I replied, stepping over a pile of empty cups. \"I'll help you clean up once you're up and with it.\" I said, sitting on the arm of the couch near his feet. \"You don't need to do that.\" He said, sitting up. I shook my head. \"No, I don't need to, but I am, whether you like it or not.\" I replied with a smile. He smiled back at me and ran a hand through his hair. \"Alright, I'll let you clean up, only if you have breakfast first.\" He said, standing up and pulling me to the kitchen by my arm. \"Alright, deal!\" I said, stopping in front of the island in the middle of the kitchen. Rodrick opened a cabinet and took down a box of cereal and two bowls. He then turned to the fridge and took out a gallon of milk. \"You like frosted flakes, right?\" He asked, pouring some into one of the bowls. I nodded. \"Hey.\" I started, walking around the island to pour some milk into my bowl of cereal. \"Yeah?\" He asked. I opened my mouth to say something, but my sight went blurry and my knees buckled as my mind swam. The room was spinning and I could just barely hear Rodrick's panicked voice. My eyes refocused again and I was on the floor in Rodrick's arms. \"Nikki, are you alright?\" He asked, looking me over to see if I was hurt. I nodded slowly, running a hand through my hair. \"Yeah, I'm fine.\" I said quietly. I closed my eyes, my head pounding. A pair of arms positioned themselves behind my back and in the crook of my knees. My hand landed on a shoulder, my forehead on a neck and my other hand on the other shoulder. Next thing I knew, I was being carried up the stairs. \"Must have been some really strong shit…\" I heard him mutter, his neck vibrating against my forehead. He sounded pissed off, like he was ready to kill. I wanted to say something to calm him down, but my voice wouldn't work. Soon I was set carefully on a bed and I blacked out. Rodrick's POV I was about ready to kill the bastard that drugged Nikki's drink, but my mind was taken off that subject when it sounded like she was trying to say something. It was just barely a sigh, but it sounded like she heard the hostility in my voice and was attempting to calm me down. I think she passed out about halfway up the stairs. It took me a while to open my bedroom door, but I finally got it open. I laid Nikki on my bed and pulled the covers over her. She wouldn't let go of my neck, and she made a weird whimpering like noise when I finally pried her arms off. I gave her my hand instead and she seemed to be content with that. She held it close to her, almost like it was a teddy bear. I smiled at the sight of her, cradling my hand as she slept. She looked cute and I couldn't help but kiss her on the forehead as she slept. She was out for an hour or two before she came to. She stretched and opened her eyes, surprised to see that she was still holding my hand. Her cheeks went red as she released it and slowly sat up. I chuckled at her reaction. \"You wouldn't let go of my neck, so I gave you something else.\" I explained as she stretched again. Her cheeks reached a new darker shade of red. \"Oh… Sorry.\" She replied. \"It's fine.\" I said, stretching with her. \"Why don't you stay here a little while longer, until we know you won't pass out again.\" I suggested, resting my elbows on my knees. She nodded. \"Hey… Rodrick…?\" She asked, suddenly, peeking through her bangs. \"Yeah?\" I asked. She wrapped her arms around me and kissed me on the cheek. \"Thanks for taking care of me.\" She said, hugging me. My face went a little warm, but I was able to keep it under control as I wrapped my arms around her. Taking a risk, I kissed her on the cheek and replied, \"No problem.\" .:THE NEXT DAY:. SCHOOL Nikki's POV The next day came, and I was no longer randomly passing out… just in time for school too (thank god!). Rodrick found me at my locker before first period started, asking if I was alright, and insisting on walking me to my first class. All in all, it was a pretty normal day… that is until I got called down to the principal's office at the end of the last period. I walked into the office and looked to the row of chairs next to the door. Rodrick was sitting on one side with an ice pack on his left eye. I gave him a what - the - hell-happened?! look, but before I could ask him anything, I was called over by the principal. \"Good afternoon Nicole, don't worry, you're not in trouble… I just want to ask you a few questions.\" The principal said as I entered the room and took a seat in front of his desk. \"Okay.\" I replied, still completely in the dark, as to what was going on. \"Mr. Heffley got into a dispute with another student about you today.\" He started, folding his hands and resting his elbows on his desk. My face went hot. \"Mr. Heffley says that you were drugged at a party over the weekend… is this true Miss. Farrell?\" He asked, giving me a serious look. I nodded my head. \"Yes. It was so bad in fact that I had to spend the night and most of the next day at his house because I kept fainting.\" I explained. He nodded. \"Mr. Heffley also says that the student he got into said dispute with was the one who drugged you… Would you be able to confirm this?\" He asked, jotting a few things down on a sheet of paper. I shook my head no. \"Sorry sir… I really don't know who did it.\" I replied. He looked slightly disappointed, and sighed lightly. \"That's alright Miss. Farrell… I'm sure it was a rough weekend for you. I won't pester you anymore. Could you send Mr. Heffley in please?\" He asked, jotting down a few more notes. I nodded and walked out of his office and to where Rodrick was sitting. \"He wants to see you.\" I said walking up to him. He stood and set the ice pack down on the chair, revealing a big bruise over his left eye. \"Great… You want a ride home if I don't take too long?\" He asked, shrugging his backpack on. \"Sure, I'll wait outside.\" I replied, walking out the door. About twenty minutes later Rodrick walked out with a sheet of paper. \"How'd it go?\" I asked as we walked towards his van. He scoffed. \"Just peachy… I got seven days' worth of Saturday detentions and two weeks of out of school suspension.\" He replied, shaking the paper for emphasis. \"So, what happened?\" I asked, hoping he would enlighten me on what he fought someone over. He shook his head and scratched the back of his neck. \"I found the guy who drugged you… The asshole was fucking bragging about it! Complaining because he couldn't find you after he gave you the drink. Saying how pissed he was because he…\" He trailed off. I looked to him, trying to urge him to continue. \"Because he… what, Rodrick?\" I asked, when he wouldn't continue. He made a disgusted face and looked to the ground. \"Because he… he…\" He sighed. \"Because he didn't bang you.\" He finished, punching the side of his van. \"I swear to fucking god, if Mr. Pease hadn't pulled me away from him, I would have killed him.\" He hissed angrily through his teeth, shaking his head with his jaw locked. \"How badly did you mess him up?\" I asked, taking a step towards him. His features seemed to loosen, I knew that would calm him down. \"Two black eyes and a few possible broken ribs.\" He said with a stifled chuckle, letting his arm fall from the van. \"You didn't have to do that… you should have let the bastard go on Scott free… now you have to pay for it…\" I said, wrapping my arms around him and pulling him into a hug. \"If I did then there would be no possibility of him living.\" He replied with a chuckle, wrapping his arms around me. \"Besides… I couldn't let something like that happen without letting him know there are consequences… I care too much about you to just let that happen.\" He added, his hand stroking my hair. That last part got me. My emotions got the better of me and before common sense could get a word sent to my brain, I kissed him. He looked down at me, his cheeks just as red as mine. \"Thanks for sticking up for me…\" I whispered as he leaned closer to me. He kissed me softly before replying. \"Hey, you've got to do those kinds of things for the people you love.\" He whispered before pulling me closer to him, kissing me again. ","Summary":" Okay... so, I absolutely love Rodrick and I just had to write this when I created Nikki. Nikki is j"},{"Movie":"Diary of a Wimpy Kid","Title":"Diary of a Wimpy Kid-Gregs weakened","Author":"Melman the Giraffe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9928989","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Okay, 9th grade is though but I went through the week. This is week 2 at School. We have a important weekend. We had to take a Baby home for the weakened. It's part of our health class. Our teacher give us a consent for for our parents to sign before taking a baby home. It's not a real baby. It's a Simulator that our teacher programs on a computer. Our Teacher is name Mrs. Brown. He's our health class teacher. Mr. Brown: Listen up class? The weakened, You are going to take care of a Baby over the weekend. You'll wear these I.D bracelets to let Baby know that you are a caregiver & you must support the head all times or it will cry harder. It will wake you up at night. You must respond in two minutes or you'll get graded on as a neglect. The resin I'm giving you these Babies is to teach you responsibility of an infant. Greg: Your kidding right? The whole class turned to me. they looked at he. Mr. Brown: Does It look like I was joking Greg? Greg: No sir. Patty turned to me. Patty: ( turned to me.) Smart move Heffley. You almost got us in detention. After School , Rodrick was at band practice. Mom was at work. She works for a book Company, I was at home with Mandy. Mandy wanted a cookie so I got him out. Mandy: Greg lets go play outside. Mandy actually got my name right after 5 years of his life. At the dinner table, I hand my Mom the slip to sign. Susan: Greg What's this? Mandy:(interrupted) Greg is bringing home a doll to play with. Greg: It's not a doll Mandy. It's actually a Baby. Mandy:(Look it Grag's tummy) You don't look fat. Greg:(laughing) No Mandy this Baby operates on a computer. We have to take care if the around the clock. Frank:(His brows went up) even at night? Greg: Yes Dad it's only temporary until Monday. Rodrick came home from practice. Rodrick:(opening the door) I'm home! Susan: Hey how was practice? Rodrick:Great! Loaded Diaper is going to play at comedy club. Phone rang & Mom answer it. Susan:Rodrick it's for you. Rodrick got off the phone & came back into the room. Susan: What is it? Rodrick: Loaded Diaper's not playing anymore. The band just broke up. Our band manager got cancer & had to go to the Hospital for treatment. Susan: I'm so sorry. Want dinner? Rodrick:(going upstairs) Not Hungry. Greg:(Turn to Mom) Mom?! how can they do that to him? He started the band. Susan: Well they hire a manager & without a manager, There's no band. Greg:(Entering Rodrick's room) Rodrick? I'm sorry what happen. look I have to take care of this Doll over the weakened. Rodrick:Baby think it over? Greg: How to you know? Rodrick: I had to take care of one in 9th grade. You were in 3rd grade. Greg: Well our teacher said it wake you up at night. Rodrick:Yes it does Greg. It was Friday. & we took our Babies home. I was first one off the Bus. Mandy looked out the window. Mandy was at home because he was sick this morning. Mandy: Mommy look? Greg has a new Baby. Greg:(Opening door) I'm Home! That night, The baby stared to cry & I had to wake up. I chimed in & care for it. I't woke me up six five times all weekend. It was Monday & We gave our Babies back. The reports were handed out. Patty failed because she didn't support to head nine times & did not respond to baby ten minutes later each time & her Baby was Auto-shut down & had poor grade. Rowley: I guess patty was a bad parent. Why does she signed up for it? Greg: It was required Come on. Let go to the Ice-Cream parlor. ","Summary":" Okay, 9th grade is though but I went through the week. This is week 2 at School. We have a importan"},{"Movie":"Diary of a Wimpy Kid","Title":"Greg's unexpected girlfriend","Author":"Longest name ever","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10008925","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Greg finally gets a girlfriend, but it's not what he expected. He used to hate her, but now they officially become a couple. She was like torture to him but then turned into a peaceful girl Greg could imagine. Here's who and how. After looking at Greg getting his butt kicked at school, Patty Farrell started to think about him. Why is Greg so terrible at life? Patty thought. Should I encounter him? I should not since Greg hates me. Soon, Greg was just passing Patty, staring at her as if he thought she will hurt him. Patty didn't want to hurt Greg anymore because she has one secret that keeps her from hurting Greg: She likes Greg. She wants Greg to know but she doesn't know what to say. She wouldn't stop thinking about it so she asked Rudy Bird, another girl that Greg doesn't like, for help. When she comes up to Rudy, Rudy looks different. Her teeth had grown back, and she now uses nothing for her hair. When Patty asked Rudy for help, Rudy said, \"I can talk to him.\" \"But he doesn't like you either.\" Patty said. \"I know. He thinks everyone is lame. Hey, I got an idea for you Patty.\" At the dance, Patty waited patiently for Greg to come when he arrived at 8:30 pm. Remember the plan Rudy gave me, Remember- \"Patty! W-what are you doing here?\" Greg shouted. \"Nothing, Greg. Just nothing.\" Patty shouted back. \"But Rudy told me you are awesome and didn't mean to hurt me. Is it true?\" Why now, Rudy? Patty thought. With nothing else to say, Patty decided to remain silent. Greg still felt frightened by the fact that he was talking to Patty and left. When Greg left her in the cold, she tried not to cry. Why did Rudy do this now? I'm still not ready for this but since Rudy told Greg NOW, I should strike it when the iron's hot(No, not by hitting Greg). She started thinking on what to say and on 9:30, she walks up to Greg. \"Yes Greg, it been true that I didn't want to hurt you because… because I love you.\" Greg became stunned after that. He stared at Patty with the WTF face and signed. \"It's true Greg. I loved you since you came to this school. I just had the awkward way of showing it. So I am going now…\" Patty explained. Before she could pretend to leave, Greg grabbed her shoulder and said, \"Would you like to dance with me?\" \"OF COURSE I mean of course, Greg.\" Patty replied. Just about that, the last song came up and all of the couples got on the dance floor. \"Greg,\" Patty said. \"Is it very nice but awkward when we become together for once?\" \"Sure does Patty. I, um, never had a girlfriend before.\" \"It's funny when you say that, Greg. It's like you had a difficult time here in middle school. But guess what?\" Patty wrapped her arms around Greg and kissed him in the lips. And that's the story of GregxPatty. THE END. ","Summary":" Greg finally gets a girlfriend, but it's not what he expected. He used to hate her, but now they of"},{"Movie":"Diary of a Wimpy Kid","Title":"Silent Escape","Author":"The-Angel-Is-Screaming","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8805341","Passage":"[Chapter 1] * WARNING: THE PROLOGUE MAY BE TRIGGERING TO THOSE WHO HAVE SUFFERED PHYSICAL ABUSE. DON'T READ IT IF YOU THINK IT MAY UPSET YOU.* \"What did I say about talking!\" Syn back up against her bedroom wall as her father bore down on her. Tears were steaming down her face. How could she have forgotten her father's key rule? \"Never speak unless you are spoken to.\" Syn sobbed. \"Then why the hell did I catch you speaking to that twat next door?\" \"He asked me a question. Please, don't hurt me. I'm sorry!\" \"Hurt you? Oh, no. I won't hurt you. I'll break you.\" Syn's father took a fistful of her hair and dragged her down the stairs. She would have screamed for her mother but Carey was already unconcious in the living room. Syn's mother was always the first to taste Ronnie's wrath. But he saved most of his rage for his 17 year old daughter. Syn whimpered as her father threw her to the floor in the kitchen and picked up a knife from the counter. Ronnie pushed the knife into Syn's back and relished her cry of fear. Ronnie continuously slashed his daughter's back and shoulders. By the time he was finished she would never want to speak again. \"Syn. Wake up, honey. We have to be quick.\" Carey whispered and gently shook her daughter awake. Syn sat up and noticed that two suitcases were stood by her bedroom door. What the hell was going on? \"Huh?\" Syn murmered and got out of bed, wincing at the pain from her back and shoulders. Nearly a week later and she was still suffering. \"We're leaving, Syn. We're going to the police and we're leaving the country. Don't get changed, we can change when we're safe. I'll get the car keys, you take the suitcases downstairs. Be quick but be quiet.\" Carey said and ushered her daughter over to the suitcases. Syn immediately grabbed them and hurried out of her room and down the stairs, waiting by the door for her mother. Even though she hated her father she felt a little guilty about leaving. But that feeling was washed away by the memories of abuse she had received. Her father hadn't always been that way. Up until she was 12 she remembered Ronnie teaching her how to fight. When she had started high school, the abuse had started. Syn didn't know what she had done wrong. Carey rushed down the stairs with a pair of keys in her hand and opened the front door quickly. Syn noticed she was rushing and picked up the suitcases, running to the car and flinging them in the back seat when her mum opened the door. Carey jumped into the drivers seat and Syn ran to the passenger side, slamming the door behind her. \"You ready to go?\" Carey said as she started up the engine and Syn nodded. Ronnie came thundering out of the house yelling abuse at them as Carey reversed out of the driveway. Thankfully the car had a built in system that locked the doors as soon as the car started moving. It could only be opened by the driver and Carey was not going to open it any time soon. \"Fuck you, Ronnie!\" Carey yelled and sped off down the street. Leaving her husband to stand in the cold, screaming at nothing. ","Summary":" * WARNING: THE PROLOGUE MAY BE TRIGGERING TO THOSE WHO HAVE SUFFERED PHYSICAL ABUSE. DON'T READ IT "},{"Movie":"Diary of a Wimpy Kid","Title":"My Little Wimpy Kid: The Movie","Author":"SuperKirbyFan69","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9666017","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Greg heffley was going to the middle school and came across some popularity that looked quite delish. He went to Chloe Moretz's character and asked if Hshe could buy this delish populish. Chloe Moretz's character was actually very interested in Greg heffley, so she said, \"I'll make a deal with you. Your dick for this diary.\" Greg heffley was overjoyed at the idea of getting this delish diary for just a little bow chicka chicka. So the jefferson grabbed Greg heffley and ZOO WEE MAMCAhloe Moret'zs character didn't do much afterward I don't know why she was in teh movie bnut shes pretty. Cheese touch! THE END (btw next movie coming next fall by the way RODRICK RUUUULES!) ","Summary":" Greg heffley was going to the middle school and came across some popularity that looked quite delis"},{"Movie":"Diary of a Wimpy Kid","Title":"Dangerous Animal","Author":"crashmypartyhard","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9120333","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It wasn't then when I realized that Aberdeen Buchanan would ultimately change my life. It sounds very cheesy, but, then again, I really don't give a fuck. She was hard to explain. Here are some adjectives to hint at the idea of her: orphic, insane, stunning, heart-breaking, radiant-I could go on, maybe forever, but I won't bore you. In short, Aberdeen Buchanan was dangerous, in all of the ways. In the good, in the bad, in the crazy. Overall, you can't really explain her without saying, \"She's fucking weird as fuck, man.\" We met a week before school started. I woke up to the sound of voices outside my open window, which I wasn't used to, ever since our neighbors had finally, as they were seemingly always close to doing, kicked the bucket around a year ago. The place had been gathering dust for quite a while. So, naturally, I sighed and groaned myself out of bed, stumbling over with squinting eyes to look out my window. A moving van sat in the driveway, three people circulating from inside to outside, to the moving van, and back again. I rubbed sleep from my eyes and looked again, things clearer this time: they were all gingers, for one. But, still, I was (sort of) curious. I pulled on a shirt and pants I found on my floor that smelled clean, took my morning pee, and then went downstairs. Glancing around the corner to the kitchen, I felt my stomach drop at the sight of my parents. I inwardly prepared myself for the onslaught of questions and comments sure to come, and walked in. Immediately, Mother said, \"Oh, Rodrick, good thing you're up, we were just about to take this pie to our new neighbors!\" She said this all with a smile on her face, but as she looked me up and down I could see the slight disappointment in my choice of clothing, wrinkled and probably slightly smelly. She cradled a pie on the counter with both her hands. I sighed dramatically as I pushed past her and pulled a carton of orange juice from the door. Looking inside, I saw it was almost gone and I tipped it back, downing it. My mother nearly gasped. \"Rodrick, that's gross. Other people drink out of that.\" \"It was almost gone,\" I sneered. She sighed. \"You need to go and change into something clean. I saw you wearing that a few days ago, and I know you haven't washed your clothes.\" Rolling my eyes, I whined, \"Why do I have to go with you?\" She smiled, hidden behind it all the ways she's thinking of killing me without anyone knowing, replying, \"Because I said so. And, we have to welcome them as a family, because that's the polite thing to do, and a nice way to be welcomed into the neighborhood.\" I knew there would be no arguing with her, added to the look she gave me, which, to be honest, scared me a little, so I agreed to do so, grabbing a box of fruit snacks on the way back up to my bedroom. She scolded me as I walked up the stairs as fast as I could, but I pretended to not hear her. We waited in front of their door like poster children for suburban families. I didn't smile. I wasn't happy. I'd rather be up in my room, or practicing my drums. I'd even stoop so low as knawing all my fingers off, one by one. And then eating them. In short, I was desperate to escape the situation. And Greg, little shit like he is, wasn't helping. He was complaining. Out loud. Not complaining-whining is a better word. I was silently praying to what higher power there might be to strike me with lightning. At least then I'd be in a hospital, not here, and I'd have a really cool scar. I started to whisper my prayer softly, and Mother whipped her head to me and said, \"Rodrick.\" I smirked at her annoyance and raised my eyebrows, continuing to whisper my prayer, really getting into it and lifting my hands into a steeple, and soon after raising my arms to the heavens like a generic, heavy-set black woman preaching to her congregation. Mother was bouncing Manny, the weird little shit, perched on her hip, as she glared at me. I stopped after I thought I had annoyed her enough. Father was holding the pie in both hands. The order from the doorbell on the left was Mother, Manny, Father, Greg, and then me. The Mother Ginger (hereafter known as TMG), opened the door promtly after the doorbell was rung. She greeted us warmly, taking the pie. The Father Ginger (hereafter known as TFG), came behind TMG and set his hand on her hip, also greeting us warmly. I shook hands with both of them, neat and orderly, and then, obviously, we were invited inside. The Adults started talking. And I thought, Fuck. Just fucking great! We're never getting out of here. We're going to shrivel up and die here. \"We have a younger daughter who's seventeen, too, she's just upstairs,\" TMG said. I whipped my head to my mother. We met gazes. Say yes. Say yes. Please, holy fucking shit, just say yes. Please. I narrowed my eyes. You will say \"yes\" and let me get the fuck out of this room. I'm dying. I'm slowly being starved of stimulation. Your conversation is more boring than watching paint dry. And watching paint dry sounds very interesting. \"Fine,\" she sighed. I walked over and pecked her on the cheek. A disgusted look found her face and I laughed, and then walked up the stairs. Then I stopped. I walked back and peeked around the corner. TMG said, \"The attic,\" as an answer to my unspoken question. \"Thank you,\" I said quickly, making my way up the stairs again. I found the attic door, but i couldn't reach it. I heard music from above me, and I longed to hear it. I looked around for something to, uh, knock with, when Greg came up the stairs with the stick with a hook on the end to open the attic. I grabbed it from him. \"Get lost, Greg,\" I snapped. \"Why?\" he sneered. \"Mom said I could meet her, too.\" I groaned. \"Fine. But don't embarrass me, you little shit.\" He nodded. He looked smug, but I slapped his face to keep him in line. Not hard-just hard enough, you know? I opened the attic door and walked up the stairs. The first thing I saw was shag carpet. Then wood paneling. Boy, this house was dated. But the wood paneling was the same in our, distinctively smaller, attic. She sat across her bed, the back of it pushed up against the wall to the right of where the stairs were, in the corner, and of the railing that separated them. She was sifting through a box of records, sliding them into a shelf across from a full-sized bed, which was naked except for a pile of sheet and blanket on top of it. She had her back to us, hair pulled back into a high braided ponytail-her hair seemed brighter than her parents. She wore a black tank top and high-waisted jean shorts. She was pale, covered in freckles. She turned her head to the side to reach for another record, and, noticing us, jumped and said, \"Holy fuck,\" breathlessly. Turning all the way around, she noticed Greg. \"Oh shit-\" she started, then stopped herself. She closed her eyes and sighed. \"Sorry,\" she completed. I laughed, \"It's okay, it's not like I haven't said it around him.\" She stood, walking barefoot across the shag carpet to where Greg and I were standing. She reached down and shook Greg's hand first, and then mine. Her nails were painted black. \"I'm Aberdeen.\" ","Summary":" It wasn't then when I realized that Aberdeen Buchanan would ultimately change my life. It sounds ve"},{"Movie":"Diary of a Wimpy Kid","Title":"The Ugly Truth (Movie Adaption)","Author":"CartoonFan12345","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8924567","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Well, I'm back on Fanfiction. If you have no idea what the heck I'm talking about, I just arrived here to Florida from my move. Actually, I arrived 2 weeks ago, but now I have internet. Anyways, now that I'm back, I'm ready to continue writing stories. I've been a fan of DoaWK for a while now, especially the movies; so I'm writing what I think would be a good sequel to the latest movie, Dog Days. Yep, it's The Ugly Truth, but it's also going to have a bit of The Third Wheel, so watch out for spoilers if you haven't read the book. With Dog Days on DVD now, I'm pretty sure most of you should've seen the movie by now, but if you haven't, warning spoilers. Though by the description, I already kind of spoiled the ending, so sorry, but in other cases, I hope you enjoy my first DoaWK story. If you remember the end of Dog Days, it picks off right after it. Alright then, enjoy! -Greg's POV- I went up to Holly Hills as she was looking beyond her sister's destroyed Sweet 16. Rodrick is such an idiot. Honestly, as mean as Heather is, I felt kind of bad for her. I looked around at all the destroyed things that Rodrick wrecked. I knew that Holly was going to be mad for planning something like this. Holly was looking forward to this, and I let her down. Here goes nothing ,I thought. \"I'm really sorry.\" I told her. She looked at me and smiled. She forgave me already? \"Don't be. This is awesome!\" Holly said. \"She wanted people to remember her sweet sixteen.\" Holly said, watching her sister and my brother getting up from the floor. \"People are definitely going to remember this.\" I said agreeing. Holly nodded and I looked around. Then my hand felt something touching it and then, I could've sworn I was holding someone's hand. I looked down and my mind went blank when I saw that it was Holly's hand I was holding. I looked up at her and she looked at me with a smile. My head turned slowly back to my brother, and I smiled myself. I didn't play a lot of video games this summer, but at least I completed one of my goals... getting together with Holly Hills. 4 Months Later January 22th -Greg's Explanation- \"Okay, now 4 months ago, on the day of Heather Hill's Sweet 16, Rodrick and the rest of Loded Diper performed a song and pretty much ruined the party. It was a bad night for Heather and Rodrick, but a good night for me and Holly. After we held hands that night, I knew that we were a couple. Even though we hang out for the rest of the summer, nothing major happened. I haven't asked Holly out, she never asked me out, which I'm pretty sure is supposed to the guy's job, and we haven't had a romantic moment since the party. It's almost like that day never happened and we're still friends. Holly has a profile on this social network which she goes on everyday, and her relationship status is at single.\" I shrugged. \"I guess we never did become a couple. But there's only two solutions: one, I could ask Holly out; or two, do nothing.\" -End of Greg's Explanation- -School- -No POV- It was another school day at Westmore Middle School, as Greg and his friends are 8th graders now and are halfway into the school year before going to high school. Greg was walking to school with Rowley. \"So what did you do this weekend Greg?\" Rowley asked. \"Why do you always ask me that exact same question after every weekend?\" Greg asked. \"Just being friendly.\" Rowley said. \"Well, I pretty much didn't do anything this weekend.\" Greg replied. Greg got his things out of his locker when they got there. He just stood there by the locker and looked over at Holly talking to her friends. Every time Greg looks at Holly, he thinks about them holding hands. Not at the sweet sixteen party, but as a couple. \"Still thinking about Holly?\" Rowley said, walking up to me. \"We held hands, Rowley. She held my hand. That has to mean she likes me, right?\" Greg said. \"I don't know Greg. I'm not the biggest love person, but I've got my own love problems.\" Rowley said. \"You like someone?\" Greg asked Rowley. \"Yeah, the new girl, Abigail Brown.\" Rowley said. \"Well, it probably won't happen. She's dating Michael Sampson.\" Greg said. \"Yeah, that's my love problem. Though it's a bit more serious than yours.\" Rowley said. \"How is it more serious than mine?\" Greg asked. \"I like Abigail and she's dating someone; you like Holly and she's single. Clear enough?\" \"I guess you're right, but what if Holly thinks I don't like her and then she goes for someone else.\" Greg asked Rowley. The bell suddenly rang and everybody started going off to class. Holly walked right pass Greg and Rowley. \"Hey guys, you're going to be late.\" Holly said. \"We'll discuss this later.\" Rowley whispered, following Holly. \"You coming, Greg?\" Holly asked. \"Yeah, I'm coming.\" Greg said, throwing the locker door closed. Greg's pencil box fell out and spilled everywhere. \"Um, hold on a second.\" Greg gathered his pencils and started cramming them into the box. Holly was looking at him making Greg nervous. Greg rushed to put his pencils back. He put them into the locker and Greg nervously chuckled. \"Let's go.\" 2 seconds later, Greg's locker opened again and his pencils came out again. Holly giggled and Greg angrily walked back and shoved all his pencils into the locker. \"I need to get a better lock.\" Anyways, that was chapter 1. Not a lot of stuff going on in this chapter, but suspense, romance, friendship and even more will roll out pretty soon. Stay tuned for more. ","Summary":" Well, I'm back on Fanfiction. If you have no idea what the heck I'm talking about, I just arrived h"},{"Movie":"Diary of a Wimpy Kid","Title":"Moto Mama","Author":"naturally morbid","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8792764","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Moto Mama Part One Author's Note: Hope this hasn't been done before. Based more on the movie, or at least the 'Moto Mama' magazine that Rodrick gets in trouble for in the first one. Have you ever wanted to meet your celeb crush so bad? Dreamed about what sort of person they were? And what all you would spend the day doing? My take on this type of situation. Not quite the girl on the cover of the magazine from the movie, but one similar. Hope none of the DOAWK characters are OOC. Rated T: For scenes of smoking. Sometimes rude humor. And other teen-related objects including the normal thoughts of teenage boys. Disclaimer: I do not own Rodrick or any of the other DOAWK characters. I do own Dahlia Destruction, as far as I know. X What if Rodrick met a girl from the Moto Mama magazine? X \"Come on Rodrick! Dude, I've got these great tickets to that motorcycle show they're having this weekend,\" Bill Walter was trying to convince his young and underage friend. The problem lay not in going, but in figuring out how to slip through his punishment for …whatever it was he had done last. He couldn't remember now. \"Alright,\" he consented, \"I just have to tell my parents something.\" \"You're like the king of lying man, make something up. Tell them you have…\" Bill stopped for lack of brain activity. \"A church function,\" Rodrick decided. He was holding one of the tickets in his hand, starting at the list special guests for the Moto Mama event. In the small print, listed next to a handful of male names was Dahlia Destruction, one of his favorite magazine models. \"Parents are always falling for those.\" He could picture her now, with her long dark hair sometimes streaked with party colors, her sultry green eyes, full lips. The way the skimpy clothing of her shadowy and lacy underwear clung to her every curve, the way that it contrasted with the solid colors of her extensive tattoos. When he finally made money as a rock star, he planned to have her tattooed on his left bicep to flex at will. None of the other models could quite capture that slinky but innocent look she seemed to be wearing while she straddled a giant motorcycle. Rodrick often traded lunch and equipment for other magazine features from her. So what if Greg had cost him one magazine from another model? He had a stack hidden in the closet. Things like tattoo magazines, cars, makeup and music advertisements. She wasn't too much older than him. He knew her whole life story, how she left home after quitting high school at sixteen and traveled to L.A., where she started working her way up as a model. From there, she enjoyed a whirlwind of fame for her body art and pin-up worthy body. Many times, he had traced her line art as well as every curve, wondering how soft she felt. Now she was coming to a nearby city and he wasn't going to miss an opportunity to see her in the flesh. After Bill had left, Rodrick made a sad attempt to make himself presentable, to convince his parents he was spending one night away for a \"church function.\" He knew parents were always eating things like that up. He just hoped they would be so thrilled by his apparent interest in religion and not to check too hard into the function. His father was skeptical during dinner, that Rodrick wanted to spend one night away from home to attend a function willingly, but his mother was so thrilled her enthusiasm overruled everything else. Later, as Rodrick climbed the stairs smirking all the while at his cleverness, Greg confronted him. \"Since when do you like church?\" \"Since…always, now get out of my way butt-brain, I have things to do.\" Greg stood his ground in front of the stairwell. \"You're up to something,\" Greg insisted. Rodrick scoffed, moving his brother aside. Greg was a minor distraction. All Rodrick was concerned with was whether he would get to be up close and personal with Dahlia Destruction or not. As he lay on his bed that night, he played several scenarios out by hand, each better than the next. When the day finally arrived, Rodrick and his band were all standing in the doorway of the convention center, feeling anxious. Surrounding them were a thousand new sights, sounds, and smells. \"Boys, you are about to become men,\" Bill laughed as they split up and headed off. Rodrick ended up with Chris the Bass Player. But even Chris disappeared after a while. Rodrick wasn't interested in the motorcycles today. He only wanted to find Dahlia. In the end, he somehow found himself outside, leaning against the concrete side of the building for some fresh air. All the grease, body odor of passing bikers, and leather was taking a toll on his brain. Just as he was turning to head back inside, he saw someone leaned against the wall just down from him. From the silhouette, it was obviously a girl, smaller than Rodrick. She was wearing a bright green hooded sweatshirt over a pair of tiny black surf shorts, her tattooed legs bare. She was idly kicking at a rock with one worn flip-flop, one hand tucked in the pocket of her jacket, the other holding a cigarette. \"Aren't you a little young to be smoking?\" he smirked, moving closer to her. \"Aren't you a little young to be at a convention by yourself?\" she returned without missing a beat. Rodrick felt his chest tighten as he realized to just whom he was speaking. There, underdressed, was none other than Dahlia Destruction. X ","Summary":" Moto Mama Part One Author's Note: Hope this hasn't been done before. Based more on the movie, or at"},{"Movie":"Diary of a Wimpy Kid","Title":"Diary of a Wimpy Kid Character x Reader","Author":"RotBTDfan1937","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10095716","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Greg x Reader Y/N= Your Name F/C= Fave Color E/C= Eye color So your starting middle school and Greg walks up to you with Holly next to him and they were holding hands! What a bust! He's been your crush for a long time...bummer! He simply says hi y/n and they begin to talk. You quietly say ya good to see you to. And walk away. Later at lunch you here how holly's ex took her away from Greg and he's going to get beat up if he sees them together again. After a few day Holly does not show up and she has not been at school for a long time. Then Greg walks up to you in school the next day. He looked like he is still sad but he sort of looked like he had gotten over it. He starts walking toward you. At least you hope so. You over heard him saying that his favorite color was f/c and e/c too! Those are your favorite colors YA! He walks toward you and kisses you on the cheek I knew you'd be there for me he says you smile and he kisses you on the lips again your cute he confreres! The End Sorry about the typeoes. One of my friends luved Greg so much, they weren't watching what they were typing.[Chapter 2] I own none of these characters! Rodrick x Reader You were walking down the hall at you high school. You were listening to your fave band, (F/B). You suddenly felt a hand on your shoulder. You turned around to see that it was Rodrick. The baddest bad boy ever. You took out one of your earbuds so you won't yell (I do). \"What the hell do you want?\" you ask. \"I wanted to ask, (Y/N), will you go to the fucking dance with me?\" You were shocked! Its rare to get asked to something by Rodrick Heffley. \"Is your damn mom forcing you?\" he nodded. \"Sure.\" you said. \"So-\" he started. You cut him off by kissing him on the lips. He was shocked for a second. He started to kiss you back. Your fingers started to play with his hair. Rodrick started to play with your (H/C) hair. You two felt every high schoolers eyes on you. You stopped and pulled away. \"See you, Babe.\" Rodrick said and ran to class. You walked to your next class. Asyou were walking, you heard heels behind you. You turn around and saw Fiona Camson, Rodrick's girlfriend. She pushed you against the wall. \"What the fucking hell were you doing with my damn boyfriend, bitch!?\" she yelled at you. \"He asked me, you shit eater!\" you said back. Rodrick came up. He saw you looking scared. \"Oh, babe. What fucking happened?\" he asked you. He started to rub your arm. You told him what happened. \"Bitch! Why'd you fucking do that to my damn date to the fucking dance!?\" he yelled at Fiona. Fiona looked scared and yelled that they're breaking up. \"Well,\" Rodrick said turning to you. \"Schools out next week. Come to my place?\" you said ya and you two left. When you two reached his house, you went to his room. He shut the blinds and locked his door. \"Let's sit down.\" he offered. You two sat on his bed. You pulled him into a kiss! He moved his hands to your shirts hem and pulled it up. You wanted to ave sex with him when you first saw him and that dream was coming true. You two removed the rest of your guys's clothing. You were on Rodrick's bed completely naked! \"Are you sure you want to have fucking sex?\" he asked you. \"Yea baby!\" you said. You guys had sex for who knows how long! (Your pick) You were moaning and rubbing your boobs. Rodrick licked you vigina and ass and boobs. You were enjoying this. You sucked on his dick and shoved his dick up your vigina and ass. Soon Susan, Rodrick's mom, knocked on the door. \"Rodrick! It's time for (Y/N) to go home!\" she said. You and Rodrick gasped. You two quickly dressed and kissed. But, Rodrick wouldn't let go. He licked you bottom lip and you opened your mouth. You let his tuong search you mouth. A week later You and Rodrick had sex for a whole week. Still, you weren't pregnant. \"Why the fucking hell am I not pregnant!\" you yelled on your way to Rodricks house. he patted your ass. \"Calm down, (Y/N/N). Give my fucking sperm cell taround you made it to his house. You went to his room. \"Hey I brought a camera. Let's take strip and sexual pics. Ican post them in FaceBook.\" he nodded andsett your camera on auto-snap. You first had a pic of you in clothes then you began to remove clothing each pic. Then sex. Lick. Suck. Sex. Boob rub with sex. Stop. Your home. Alone with camera. You FaceTimed Rodrick and stripped your clothing. You sat on your bed andbegan fisting yourself. Then you took a banana and shoved it up your vigina. then pulled it out. then, you ended FaceTime and put your clothes on then hid the banana. It had your juices on it. You then felt a kick in your stomach. You looked down and saw your stomach bulgEd out. \"I'm fucking pregnant and ready to give birth!\" you groaned. \"DAD! Help me\" you groaned. he took you to the hospital. You fainted. When you woke up, you saw Rodrick with you. \"Hey, youre a dad now.\" You got out of the damn hospital and had twins. A boy and a girl. Sorry about the curse words. My friend, Angelia Combas, wrote this. ","Summary":" Greg x Reader Y/N= Your Name F/C= Fave Color E/C= Eye color So your starting middle school and Greg"},{"Movie":"Diary of a Wimpy Kid","Title":"It's Just The Way Love Goes","Author":"Jammydodger45","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8848028","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Well this is a love story between Rodrick and a girl, this will be a long story not sure how many chapters yet but there will be quite a few. I do not own Diary Of A Wimpy Kid. It's just the way love goes It's all dark and me being here is all my fault. The rusty chains are digging into my wrists I could scream for help but I'm sure no one will here me. If only I had gone through with it I wouldn't of got into this mess. The scent of the dampness is filling into my nose and it's absolutely gut wrenching. My name is Jaime...Yes I'm a girl if you're wondering. Well if you're wondering what the hell is going on here well I will tell you... It started 1 year ago. \"Jaime hurry up your going to be late for school\" Sally yelped up the stairs. I looked at myself in the mirror my long, curly red hair looked a mess but I really don't have the time of day to worry about something like hair there are better things in life to worry about. I pulled on my purple dress as it started to ride up my legs, I grabbed my leather jacket and put it on. \"Jaime hurry up you have already missed the bus!\" Sally was starting to get annoyed now so i think it might be wise to hurry up. I forgot to mention I live in a care home or orphanage whatever floats your boat, my parents I don't really know them don't want to really, I know there names Derek Bridges and Mary Bridges some crappy names I think. Sally is the care worker of the house she is the closest thing I have to a mum but I would never tell her that. \"I'm coming!\" I grabbed my rucksack and sprinted down the stairs. \"Jaime you really need to start waking up earlier for school everyone else has already gone!\" Sally pushed me out the door. \"Yeah okay see you later Sally!\" I waved goodbye and walked out the gates. I slowly made my way to school. On my journey to school I have so far seen so many people from my school sprinting because they are late, I quietly chuckled to myself. I reached the road that I always hated walking down and on this road there is a house and unfortunately in that house lives Rodrick Heffley and this dude...Well I don't have a good thing to say about him he is an annoying twat! He thinks he owns the place just because he is in a band called Loded Diaper...Loded Diaper seriously? I almost reached the end of the worlds my hated street when a black van with Loded Diaper written on the side pulled up beside me. I rolled my eyes. R&R; please I want to know what you think. ~ Jammydodger45 ~[Chapter 2] Here is chapter 2 I don't own The Power Of Love by Gabrielle Aplin this song will be used throughout this whole story like the occasional lyrics here and there and near the end the whole song will be used. Your Not Cool Continued... I rolled my eyes. \"Oh well if it isn't Jaime the depressed child\" Rodrick rested his hand on the wheel and was smirking right at me. \"3 things for you Rodrick!\" I placed a hand on my hip. \"Fire away Babe\" His smile kept growing bigger and bigger. \"One I'm not a depressed child, Two don't ever call me Babe again, Three wipe that smug grin of your face or you are just asking for a slap!\" Rodrick cocked his eyebrows up. \"Someone woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning...Did mummy not read you a bedtime story\" He pouted his lips, my eye's widened at the mention of my mum...Who am I kidding he doesn't even know I live in a care home he thinks I live in a house with a family well I obviously don't. \"If you don't mind I want to get to school!\" I started to walk away. \"Your half an hour late already\" I stopped and turned on my heel. \"Well I think that must mean so are you...Let me guess did your mummy and daddy leave to go to work early so you decided not to wake up till the very last minute...Well for you information I have your mum's mobile number so I could just ring her right now and tell her that her son is late for school half an hour late\" I raised one eyebrow and waved my phone in his face. His eye's widened. \"How did you get my mum's mobile number have you been talking to her?\" Rodrick was starting to panic. \"Yes I have see we talk about you all the time Rodrick about how you think your cool just because your in a band\" I joked. \"Ha ha very funny now delete my mum's number!\" He reached for my phone and I moved it just in time. \"Ah ah ah I don't think so...I suggest you drive on and get to school!\" Rodrick faced forward ready to leave. \"Fine see you later...Babe\" He laughed to himself and sped away. \"YOUR NOT COOL YOU KNOW!\" I screamed as he went away, I let out a big sigh and started to laugh. I love messing with him...I never actually had his mum's number I mean why would I? That kid is so easy to mess with, I looked at my phone and I think I best hurry I'm now 45 minutes late. RING RING RING I made it to the last 10 minutes of my first period which was Maths. Now I have a free period so I'm thinking I might just wonder around outside of school I don't have anything better to do. But first I need to put some books in my locker. I reached my locker which unfortunately for me is right by Rodrick's. Rodrick was already at his locker with some of his band mate's so I think it might be a good idea not to make eye contact because I would rather not put up with their stupidity. \"Jaime just the lovely girl I was looking for\" Joey the well known beg of the school lent right against my locker. \"Joey what do you want?\" He flipped his blonde hair, and I looked over his shoulder and saw Rodrick and his mate's watching our conversation. \"Well I thought I should tell you that I got an A+ in Sex Education so I think you should come over to my place sometime so I could teach you\" Rodrick and his 'Buddies' were snickering. \"Well Joey if you happened to be and expert in Sex Education tell me what use would a teenage boy have with any nuts?\" Joey looked confused. I grabbed one of my books out of my locker and his eyes widened I swung my book and it made contact with his private's. Joey fell to the floor and was rolling around screaming. \"And Joey I have better people to Huck up with then you!\" I threw my book back in my locker. \"Jesus Jaime you have got quite a hit on you\" Rodrick muttered. \"Whatever!\" I slammed my locker shut and walked outside. I was sat on the stands by the track and field, there were the cheerleaders practicing and the Jocks too. I sat there alone with my lyric book in my hand trying to come up with some new lyrics, none was coming to mind. I sat there trying to concentrate when there was a loud banging sound coming from one of the porter loos near by I turned to see it shacking and I could hear someone shouting. I put my lyric book in my bag and went over to investigate. \"HELP SOMEONE HELP ME!\" It sounded like a little kid. \"Hello who's in there?\" I questioned. \"JAIME!...Jaime it's me Greg Heffley can you get me out of here? Some of the older kids locked me in here!\" Oh Rodrick's little brother. \"Yeah sure one minute I just got to pick the lock!\" I grabbed a pin from my hair and started to pick away until it finally unlocked. \"Hey thanks a lot Jaime\" Greg came out gasping for air. \"Are you okay Greg?\" I shut the door because the smell coming from it was horrible. \"Yeah, I'm used to it\" He shrugged his shoulders. \"Why don't you tell somebody that they are doing this to you?\" \"I can't he will just bully me at home\" Oh I get it. \"So by big kids you mean Rodrick and his pals?\" Rodrick really is horrible. \"Yeah-Hey where are you taking me\" I grabbed Greg's wrists and pulled him along. We came to the car park out the front of school I saw Rodrick and two of his band members by his van so I dragged Greg along! \"Jaime really stop!\" Greg yelped trying to break free, we stopped out the front of his van and the three of them looked confused. \"Hey how did you get out\" Chris one of the band members asked. \"You can shut up!\" I pointed a Chris. \"And you\" I pointed at Rodrick. \"Need to leave your little brother alone do you think your all cool locking him in a porter loo, well rain check Rodrick your not just leave your little brother alone I pretty sure he has to put up with a lot of your crap at home so for god sake just give him a break at school.\" Rodrick looked shocked. \"Well there Greg I see you got your girlfriend to sort things out for you... I don't like people who grass me up, I'm going to get you when we get home!\" As Rodrick started to walk towards Greg I stepped in front of him. \"Two things Rodrick, One I'm not his Girlfriend, Two-\" I slapped him right across his face. \"OW WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU!\" He grabbed the side of his face. \"Just give your brother a break okay? Or next time it will be punch on your nose\" Me and Greg turned and walked away. Me and Greg sat on the stands. \"Thanks Jaime for you know sticking up for me?\" He smiled at me. \"No problem\" Greg grabbed his bag and started to walk away until he stopped and turned back around. \"Hey Jaime would you like to come to the skating party with me and Rowley tonight?\" \"I would love too but I'm not gonna do some skating because I can't skate but I will come I'll see you there at 7:30\" He smiled again. \"Okay see you then Jaime\" He walked away. Well isn't he sweet...It's not a date if you are wondering I mean I'm two years older then him I would rather date his brother Rodrick then Greg- Wait Wait Wait I did not just say that...Gosh what is wrong with me? Anyway let's try and think of some lyrics... The power of love a force from above cleaning my soul. Flame on burn desire. Love with tongues of fire. Purge the soul. Make love your goal. Wow I like them lyrics I think I will work on them later. Ring Ring Ring I heard the faint ring of the bell and decide to head off to my next period. R&R; please, I want to know what you think. ~ Jammydodger45 ~ ","Summary":" Well this is a love story between Rodrick and a girl, this will be a long story not sure how many c"},{"Movie":"(500) Days of Summer","Title":"Thank You For Letting Me Grow","Author":"Astral Miscreant IV","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13107295","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter One: Fate Was A Silly Thing The low sound of muffled noises synonymous to people hustling and bustling through the commercial building blared in his ears. With each step he felt a heaviness creep into his shoulders, getting more and more constricting as his joints moved in the natural ebb and flow of his stride. His starch-pressed suit felt tight around his body giving no room for relaxed movement as he continued through the building. It was one of those perfectly pressed Italian-cut suits tailored to physically scream out ,\" Look at me! I'm important. I'm professional. I know how to look the part. I know what I'm doing.\" But he felt everything but. He stepped into the elevator, one of those pseudo-vintage kind of contraptions that had its kinks and wires intricately melded to look like something out of Architectural Digest. Sleek dark woods and black chrome columns. It was every bit of a reflection of the firm. Deliberately complex, delicately welded. He wouldn't have expected anything less. The sights. The sounds. It was an overload of sensory stimuli that his brain was scrambling to process and commit to memory. His eyes immediately wandered towards the towering pillars that stretched out and beyond to the high ceiling. Daylight scintillated through the glass and poured every bit of its rays into sheathing the interior in its glorious light. Natural light. Snazzy interior. A sight straight out of AD's Spotlight page indeed. He stepped out of the elevator, brushing past another businessman and back into the dizzying array of interior design that was the Bradbury Building. Los Angeles was always a step back from New York and its more high-maintenance buildings, but it still had its gems. And this commercial building was one of them. Tom Hansen mindlessly sat on the first chair he could find as he made his way into the hiring manager's waiting room that Tuesday morning, setting his suitcase down first. He fumbled with the button of his suit, still as constricting as ever, before laying his palms flat on his lap and glancing at the only other occupant of the waiting lounge perched right across him in acknowledgement. The nonverbal greeting was as silent as it was ephemeral, before his attention latched on to the next best thing possible. His eyes wandered back up towards the high ceiling, continuing to marvel at its intricacy. The noises were slowly dissipating as his senses managed to drown it all out with the extra effort he put in to focusing on the ceiling. Slowly. He could not hear a thing. Slowly, he could... \"Are you interviewing?\" The muted silence was broken as he flinched out of his musings, eyes zeroing in on the source of the voice that broke his attention. It was soft, sweet, with a delicate lilt to it. And it belonged to the person, whom he now realized was a woman, that sat across from him. \"Sorry?\" He questioned, coaxing her to repeat what she said. He hadn't heard her the first time, it was all so muffled. \"Are you interviewing...for the position?\" \"Oh, yeah,\" he paused. \"Why? Are you?\" \"Yeah.\" He nodded to himself, a light humor had filled him as he let her answer ruminate. \"My competition...\" \"It would appear.\" \"Yeah...So, a little awkward.\" \"Yeah,\" she nodded. He finally looked at her, actually looked at her. Regarding every nuance of her countenance for that short passing moment. A comely visage—with slightly tanned skin, brown eyes, brown hair, plump lips. She was pretty. Really pretty. One of those faces that would make you stop in a crowd to perhaps take another glance at and then go about your day. He looked away for a moment, a slight smirk on his face. \"Well..I hope you, um, don't get the job.\" Her brows knitted slightly, smile still hanging on her pretty face as she retorted. \"Well, I hope you don't get the job.\" They both paused for a moment before laughing in good humor, allowing it to fill the almost silent atmosphere with the pretense of a light camaraderie. Her eyes squinted, as if she too, was regarding him now. \"Have I seen you before?\" \"Me? I don't think so,\" he said as he shook his head. \"...Do you ever go to Angelus Plaza?\" She queried. \"Yes,\" he immediately brightened up at the mention. \"That's, like, my favorite spot in the city.\" \"Yeah, okay. Except for the parking lots, but—\" He nodded, feeling a smile creep upon his face. His sentiments exactly. \"Yeah. I—I agree.\" \"Yeah. Yeah, I think I've seen you there,\" she finished. \"Really?\" \"Yeah.\" \"I haven't seen you,\" his words echoed. Tom felt his gaze wander up and down, as if examining her—trying to remember if he had seen her because if he had, he knew she wasn't the sort of woman you'd forget. She continued to smile, something devastatingly dazzling and bright. He was encaptured. Almost wrapped up in the moment of clarity her grin brought about. \"You must not have been looking,\" she said before directing her gaze elsewhere as he continued to look at her intently. This time, he really looked at her. Eyes lingering on the slopes of her face. She was all coarse sand and tanned skin. A light wispy thing with tawny hair, brown, almost hazel eyes, and glossy skin. Warm and inviting, yet somehow managing to hold a cold austerity with the way she held herself in such a professional manner. From her posture, to her movements. She was actually quite beautiful. \"Tom Hansen,\" he heard another voice call out, the interviewer's voice most likely. Breaking him from his reverie, Tom looked up and gazed back at the older man with an equally stiff suit on. \"Yeah?\" \"Come on back,\" the man gestured over to him with a smile just as rigid as the suits they wore. \"Thank you,\" he nodded before picking himself up to grab his suitcase. As he followed the man away, his eyes lingered on the woman in the waiting room. Still sitting upright, still holding on to the conversation that had unceremoniously been interrupted now hanging in the air. There was no such thing as fate, he thought to himself. Nothing is meant to be. He was sure of it now, but perhaps...perhaps, it wouldn't hurt to try new ideas out. Perhaps it wouldn't hurt to live a little. So to speak. He let their conversation continue to weigh in on his mind. He was sure of it now. He was sure. He was sure that— To hell with fate, why not take a chance? He gathered his wits, stopping in his tracks to get a hold of himself fully. The interviewer turned around, noticing he had halted in his steps. A questioning look settled on the older man's face. \"Sorry, um...I just left, uh—\" he gestured back to the waiting room as if he had a dire need to turn back and grab ahold of something that he had left there. \"—Can I just, uh—one second...\" He did a full three-sixty, before slightly jogging back towards the room. \"Hey...\" he called out towards the woman. She looked up, flashing another one of those smiles. \"You again.\" \"Yeah. I, uh, was just wondering if maybe after this, if you—\" She looked at him imploringly, her face was still lit with the last vestiges of good humor from their interaction. \"—You want to get some coffee or something,\" he finished. \"Oh, I'm sorry...I'm sort of supposed to meet someone after this,\" she shook her head, a dejected expression hung on her countenance as she looked upon him. \"Okay,\" he replied, not wanting to sound as disappointed as he was. He still smiled at her however, before turning back to follow the interviewer to his office once more. As he walked off, it seemed as if he was stuck between eternity and the office door before he heard her carefully deliberated response. \"Sure!\" She called out and he stepped back in a heartbeat. \"What's that?\" He questioned, wanting to clarify that he was not hallucinating her response. \"Why not?\" She shrugged. He chuckled, an excitement that equaled to that of catching the first glimpse of sunset fold into the horizons to give way for night as the buildings of LA came alit with streetlights whenever he sat on the bench in Angelus Plaza had crept into his chest. Yes, it was that kind of feeling. \"Okay. Well, then I'll just, uh—I'll wait for you and we—\" Her face crinkled in the most endearing way as she brushed his weak attempt at planning off. \"We'll figure it out.\" \"We'll figure it out,\" he repeated, eyes still regarding her warmly. They stared at one another for a moment, locked in an intent gaze of wonder and inquisitiveness. Like stepping into shallow waters, still warm with the uncertainty of a new beginning, the two strangers' eyes had locked onto one another in a stalemate. \"My name's Tom,\" he finally said as he reached out to shake her hand. \"Nice to meet you. I'm Autumn,\" she responded in kind and his heart skipped a beat at the mention of it. There was no such thing as fate. Nothing was meant to be...Or perhaps that was all one divine lie—used by the cynics of the world to justify their own nihilism. Perhaps... \"Autumn?\" He chuckled as she gave him a curious look. \"I—I, uh, I like your name. Nice to meet you, Autumn.\" Fate was a silly thing. ","Summary":" Chapter One: Fate Was A Silly Thing The low sound of muffled noises synonymous to people hustling a"},{"Movie":"(500) Days of Summer","Title":"无名小卒","Author":"sandwichburger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12800563","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Nobody knows who I am 无名小卒 1 Nobody knows who I am. 2 \"你不是说要戒烟？\" Timmy一整晚有求必应，笑得脸部僵硬。车门将记者的闪光灯和喧嚣隔绝在外，车厢内温暖的空气令他瞬间感到放松和一丝困乏。他其实蛮喜欢弥漫的淡淡烟味。 \"你怎么知道是我？\" 刚刚从拥挤的人群中护送他上车，此刻已坐上驾驶位的Niki头也不回地反问。 Timmy挪动屁股找到舒服的坐姿，红色天鹅绒的西装在不该出现的地方布满褶皱。他扭头象征性地看了一眼坐在自己身边的人，然后又扭脸看回驾驶位，\"就是你，伙计。\" Niki笑着拍了拍方向盘，\"该死！我都摇下车窗了，干嘛非要揭穿我？\" 3 通常出现以下两种情况的时候就表明Armie Hammer快要撑不住了。一是完完全全的胡说八道，二是开始对媒体\"掏心掏肺\"地说实话。 \"我跟Timmy在拍每场戏之前都会亲热热身。就算没我的戏份，我也会先去片场和他亲热以'保温'。\" \"Luca经常会大喊大叫，冲所有人发脾气，叫在场的每一个人'蠢货'。\" 其实他不是真的撑不住，他就是不想。反正大家都心知肚明又无伤大雅。他也不是真的那么讨厌冗长的宣发或政治游说。好吧，也许他讨厌政治游说。只不过当你在一个行当待得久了，面对千篇一律的重复问题，走神就成了家常便饭。 4 Timmy和Niki之间的话题不知从何时拐上了纽约扬基。 Armie有时惊叹于这小家伙话痨的能力，就像他今晚还没说够似的。他侧着脸打量正目视前方，孜孜不倦忙着和司机交谈的男孩，昏暗中他甚至可以闻见对方身上散发出的粉扑味。男孩向他这边歪头，目光还停留在驾驶位，咯咯咯地笑个不停。弯成月牙的双眸虽透着疲倦，却依然像个刚从泥里冒芽，脑袋上还顶着点点新土的开心快乐的小蘑菇。 车窗外高大的棕榈树不断地后退，他从街景中收回目光，扭过脸强行插进话题，\"我也喜欢扬基，只是受不了他们主场时的白色队服。\" Timmy总算将目光从驾驶座挪到了他脸上，神情却没有意料之中的受到冒犯。 因为人人都知道那是波士顿红袜。 5 \"亏我一直以来还挺敬佩你的幽默感\"，Timmy摇着脑袋看他，笑眯眯的双颊雪白发亮，细腻的妆容掩盖了他眼睑下的每一个细小雀斑，\"或许我该重新审视一下其他敬仰你的东西~\"。 Niki笑了，看向后视镜里的男孩，\"是我就没那么容易放过他，你以为他最差劲的是跳舞吗？如果他说白色是纽约扬基，就极有可能真的以为那是纽约扬基。他体育可不行。\" \"我体育不行？\"Armie反驳，\"当年是谁在冲浪的时候以为看见了海里的水母吓得尿裤子？\" Niki笑得更大声了，\"Oh! Timmy~ Timmy~ Timmy~你可得听我说说这位冲浪的那些日子。我是认真的，Timmy，你真该听听他那时候的叫唤声。我的意思是，如果你看过那些照片的话，他当年的发型可不是他身上唯一像女孩子的东西！\" 男孩笑得嗓音都变了。 那是在一次采访，他看着对方拿出的一张自己被PS成绿灯侠的网络图片开玩笑说，\"我就是个荡妇，跟什么人干都可以。\"那时候男孩也笑出了这种声音。 \"闭上你的臭嘴！\"他冲驾驶座的人嚷嚷。 6 Niki踩了一脚刹车，解开安全带，\"Fine~，我是你的司机，还是你的保镖，保姆。下一步我要干什么？给你换尿布吗？我不干了。\" Armie看着拉开车门下车的人继续嚷嚷，\"你要去哪？\" \"撒尿！\" 7 男孩不笑了，甚至稍稍坐正了一点身体，眼角露出一点焦虑又迷迷瞪瞪的神情，\"他是不是生气了？\" 他看向街对面的一家—安妮贝儿的烘培小屋。橱窗里琳琅满目的甜品在灯光的映衬下看上去精致又温馨。店门上悬挂的铃铛随着合页的摆动发出叮铃叮铃的声音。 \"不用担心，其实我们喜欢做更过分的事情\"，他扭过头看向男孩的眼睛，\"如果会因为这些生气，我们早就冲对方的脑门开枪了。\" 男孩低下头整理衣服上的褶皱。车厢似乎安静而狭小，他甚至听见了时钟滴答的声音，而他非常确定他们中没有一个人带了那玩意儿。 似乎是过了很久。\"他还会回来吗？\"男孩问Armie。 Armie依然盯着街对面橱窗上巨大的霓虹灯管勾勒出的闪耀的甜甜圈。一个戴毛线帽的卷发女孩端着一杯咖啡走出店门。他突然就笑了，仿佛在寒冷的冬夜闻见了热气腾腾又清晰浓郁的咖啡香那样幸福无比。 他拉开身侧的车门下车，绕过车尾走到驾驶位拉开车门。 \"等等！不是要等Niki回来吗？我是说，他怎么办？\"男孩扒住前方的座椅靠背。 \"放心，他找得到回去的路。\" 8 \"你妈看上去人很好，我挺喜欢她。\" 那是一次活动的after party，男孩说要跟他合影，私人性质的。 那是个小个子女人，跟他自己接近六尺五的体格相比，只能用tiny来形容。女人笑起来很温和，事实上，他觉得男孩的眼睛和鼻子都很像她。当然，那时候他还没有见过男孩的姐姐。 \"Wow！我得说你真人看上去更英俊！\"女人说，\"你家人一定很为你感到骄傲！\" \"这我可不敢确定。我猜他们也许会说，干得漂亮儿子，十几年的奋斗之后，你终于可以在大荧幕上吸男人的老二了，真是家族荣誉。\"，他当然没有这么说，他只是笑得优雅得体，\"谢谢，不过他们总是倾向于认为很多事情…\"，他没有继续说下去，只是低头短促地笑了笑，\"Never mind.\" \"每一代人都倾向于认为有些美好已逝。也许是我们老了，更容易怀旧或困惑罢了。\"女人说。 坐在一旁的男孩用响亮的呼噜声打断他们，好像被数学或是统计学无聊到要戴上眼罩当堂睡觉，\"我其实一直想知道，你是不是真的很有钱？\" 女人嗔笑着望向男孩，\"Timmy！这样很不礼貌！\"然后扭过脸来向他道歉，\"真是对不起！所以，你是不是真的很有钱？\" 他笑着看回了男孩，\"我明白了，幽默感是你没有遗传到的东西。\" 9 车内的音响播放着一首有些年数的摇摆舞乐曲。Timmy恢复了先前仰靠在椅背上的坐姿。他甚至把鞋脱了，两只脚抬起来，脚尖抵着驾驶座的后背靠板，合着音乐的节拍轻轻摇摆着双膝。Armie从后视镜里看着他微笑，然后又注意到自己脸上的胡茬。 男孩一只手揪扯着自己越来越长的黑色卷发，像是在思考什么时候该去把他们剪了。 \"你妈看上去人很好，我挺喜欢她，\"他不知怎么就说了句没头没尾的话。 Timmy将一缕头发缠在手指上，双眉上挑，\"我想她会很感激你这么想的。不过话说回来，家父还健在…\" Armie笑着摇了摇头，\"我知道这话我已经说过了，不过幽默感是你没有继承到的东西。\" 男孩一点也没有感到气馁，反倒笑得露出整排牙齿，\"还是不好笑吗？\" \"其实重要的不是你说什么，而是怎么说。\" \"说得好像自己很懂一样~\"。 10 \"我们要去哪里？\"男孩跪坐在后排的车坐垫上问他，双肘撑在驾驶座椅背的顶端，腰身弓得像一只牟足了劲儿伸懒腰的猫。 他也不知道要去哪里。 灰蒙蒙的夜空被璀璨的城市灯光点亮，看不清云层，也没有月亮。他沿着哈德逊河沿岸的公路开过华盛顿高地和曼哈顿上城。远处地狱厨房向河中央延伸的条形码头上还有船舶和工人在忙碌。 男孩换了个姿势，将前额搁在驾驶座椅背的顶端，头顶的柔软黑发蹭得Armie的后脖颈微微发痒。男孩双臂下垂，这会儿功夫又像个断了线的木偶，面容却笑嘻嘻像是发现了什么秘密，\"别告诉我你这是要带我私奔。\" 他还是没有回答。他的车子在加速。他不知道明确的目的地，但他知道他永远也到不了。可他还是很开心。有那么一个时刻，他感觉自己就像个逃犯，他只想沿着公路一直一直开下去，直到河流汇入大海。他甚至希望身后的一切都可以像电影特效那样逐渐瓦解消失不见，这样他们就没有退路，世界会最终缩成一个点。他们会被困在那个点里。 \"告诉你一个秘密\"，他对身后的人说，\"其实我没有驾照。\" 男孩把脸抬起来，发出呵呵呵的傻笑，气息喷在他的后脖子上，\"你还在超速，我好像已经看见有一辆警车尾随过来了。恭喜，你要上明天的娱乐头条了。\" \"我可上不了头条\"，他笑着摇了摇头，\"况且我还有你陪着呢。\" \"得了吧，没人知道我是谁。\" Nobody knows who I am. \"你为什么总这么说？\"他问身后的人。 \"'coz that's the truth.\" 11 飞机经过一段气流有些轻微的颠簸，他抓住座椅一侧的扶手扭头，果然迎上了昏暗中男孩看向他的探寻似的的目光，亮闪闪的，像某种小动物。 他满脸胡茬，极度困乏，却依然用唇语夸张又戏剧性地告诉对方，\"We're about to crush.\" 我们就要坠机了。 怎样熬过颁奖季？别逗了，岂止是颁奖季。酒精当然是必不可少的东西。 他在飞机上从来睡不好。任何种类的飞机。 不过他倒是乐于观察Timmy。那孩子的眼罩耳机，每次轻微颠簸时都会出现的小焦虑… 有一次真的颠得严重了，他反倒是收起了那份戏剧性的语气。因为他看得出对方是真的有些害怕。他认真地看进男孩的眼睛，甚至抓住了男孩微微发凉的手指尖，他说，\"低下头，尽量平稳呼吸，记住他们都爱你，也清楚你爱他们。\" Timmy两天没有主动找他说过话。 他捏着个黄色小药瓶塞给对方。男孩困惑地问，\"这是什么？\"\"抗组胺剂。\"他说。\"我没有幽闭恐惧。\"男孩耸耸肩，又把药瓶塞还给他。 \"好吧，对不起，我不应该吓唬你。\"他承认，\"我和你一样讨厌飞行，至少这样会有意思一点嘛。\" 男孩给了他一个近乎白眼的表情。 \"你难道就从来没有害怕过什么吗？\"男孩问他。 \"当然！很多！\"他瞪大眼睛，好像在演一出夸张的喜剧，\"我就害怕小猫咪，非常非常怕！我是说，它们那么小，一不小心就会把它们的肠子挤出来…\" 男孩挫败地塌下双肩叹了口气，\"我在说很严肃的问题，你现在看上去一点也不像三十一。还有，我喜欢小猫咪！\" \"对不起，严肃，严肃。\"他正色道，复又拿起了手中的小药瓶，\"其实这不是抗组胺药，只是安慰剂。\" \"你真的觉得我是个所有情绪都在脸上的人？好像你能一眼看透我？\"男孩问他。 \"什么？！当然不是！我怎么会给你这种印象？\"他直呼冤枉。 \"这是你跟媒体说的原话…当着我的面…\" \"我说过这样的话？\" 他一把拉住转身就要走的人，\"好吧我懂了，看来今天是我的道歉日。当时都说了是第一印象嘛！你经历得多了就会知道，很多时候别看那些问题蠢，可到处都是坑…\"他摆出一副前辈的架势。 男孩看着他不说话。 \"你看，我第一次见你的时候可不知道你喜欢说唱，还有小猫咪…\"他补充道，继而挤出一个略显诡异的表情，\"真的假的？说唱和小猫咪？你真是个奇怪的家伙…\" 男孩上挑着看他，露出下眼睑上方的一丢丢眼白，看上去执拗又柔软。片刻后他一把抢过Armie手中的那瓶安慰剂，露出一丝戏谑的笑意，\"你才不了解我。\" You don't know who I am. Nobody does. 12 他最终将车子停在了巴特里公园的树荫下。远处开往自由岛的轮渡码头隐约传来音乐和人群的嬉闹声。旋转木马和摩天轮上五彩缤纷的灯光在纽约的夜色中闪亮。 哈德逊河的入海口，他竟真的开出了这么远。 \"如果这是一场私奔的话，那你可真是糟糕透顶\"，男孩回头看向车窗玻璃外，\"我的视力要是再强一点，甚至可以看见我出生的那家医院。\" 所有的一切都没有像他希望的那样如同电影特效一般消失瓦解，而是完好地存在着，甚至更清晰了。来时的公路，华尔街铜牛，中央公园，自由女神像… 他熟门熟路翻出一包抽剩下的烟，捏出一根来点上。 \"看来是我错怪了NiKi，原来是你啊伙计，真是不留痕迹\"，男孩说。 \"我只是知道他所有的东西放在哪里。\"他吐出一个烟圈。 \"又或是习惯拿对方当替罪羊，没什么比这更能稳固关系了不是吗？\"男孩笑，冲他伸出手讨要。 他不理会，只是说，\"坐到前面来。\" 男孩下车，拉开副驾驶位的门，一屁股坐进来，再次朝他伸手。 他两根手指捏紧滤嘴又猛吸了一口，然后把烟从嘴唇上拿下来，调转了个方向递给对方。 男孩接过来含在嘴里，两只手绕到颈后拢了拢头发，胡乱扎了个啾啾。 \"你长发的时候到底什么样啊？我真的难以想象。\"男孩问他。 \"所以我看过你所有的说唱视频，而你连我的长发照片都没见过？我还以为你挺喜欢我，至少对我感兴趣。\"他\"假惺惺\"地\"酸溜溜\" 。 男孩吸了一口烟，两颊深深凹陷，\"别抬举自己了，我只是对你的钱感兴趣。\" \"那就要让你失望了，我连一个子儿都没有。开什么玩笑，我可是连跟Luca的赌约都付不起的人。该死的川普！\"他笑着看向对方。 男孩倾身向前，脑袋靠在椅背上将烟递还给他，双眼眯缝地如同一只餍足又困乏的猫咪，\"所以你当年真的叫唤得像女孩子吗？\" 他接过那支燃了一半的烟凑到唇边，\"当然没有。不过如果我还能发出声音，我一定会尖叫\"，烟叶燃烧在寂静的夜里发出呲呲的声音，他垂下目光盯着那一点燃着的火星，\"那是一个很大的浪，我被拍翻了，我感到自己的身体不断地下沉，下沉…好像一直要沉进大洋深处，看不见阳光，一片漆黑。\" \"所以你对大海怀有敬畏，而不是天空？\"男孩看着他的眼睛。 他笑，露出深深的眼纹。 \"说到赌约，你究竟是付不起还是不想付？\"男孩笑嘻嘻地不怀好意，\"你真的伤害了Luca，上帝知道他那么偏爱你~\"。 他也侧过身子，将脑袋枕在座椅靠背上，凑近了男孩问，\"我到底做错了什么让你觉得我这么不堪？\" 男孩依然笑眯眯的，伸出一只手揪住他下垂的领带，好像犯了什么错误不愿意承认。 他凑得更近了一点，直到彼此唇间的距离只剩下一指。 \"Can I kiss you？\"他问。 \"Yes, please.\" I didn't deserve this darling You look perfect tonight Oh baby I'm dancing in the dark With you between my arms Barefoot on the grass 一首多么深情演绎的完美爱情。 他觉得自己就像是一头被困在玻璃牢笼里的可笑鲸鱼，而对方是个机敏的小小瞪羚。 潮湿的，烟味弥漫的，漫长的吻，在纽约的冬夜里。 他伸出手绕到男孩的后颈，松开了男孩绑住的头发。他宽大的手掌捧住男孩的后脑，手指抚弄松散柔软的，散发着淡淡发油香的黑色长发。 然后他将手掌前移，虎口钳住男孩的腮帮，安静地凝视对方。男孩看着他深蓝色的眼睛，笑得如同一片轻柔的羽毛，\"我知道你可以是个情圣，但我的精力恐怕都被今晚的记者们消耗光了，在我睡着之前，我还想要点别的。\" 男孩将手伸进他的礼服外套，拽出他的衬衫下摆，胡乱地解他衣襟上的纽扣，毫无章法地在他身上乱爬。在有限的驾驶空间里无论如何也找不到合意的位置。 他双手按住男孩不断扭动的劲瘦的腰身，似乎在安抚对方，布满胡茬的下巴抬起来磨蹭着男孩雪白的脖颈。他亲吻其上的一点黑痣直到那片皮肤微微发红。他用潮湿暗哑的嗓音在对方的耳边说，\"Timmy，我想把你按在车前盖上干你。\" 男孩迷离的眼神似乎瞬间找回了一丝理智，\"好，那咱们出去吧！\" 他几乎笑出了声音，\"你果然是个小疯子。\" 他抬手去解对方的裤扣。该死的复杂的礼服设计！ 男孩揪扯着自己裆上那些暗藏的纽扣，\"我恨这些！所有光鲜漂亮的东西都只会让人不舒坦而已！\" 他拍掉对方只会帮倒忙的爪子，颇有耐心地一粒一粒松开，曲起的指关节顶着对方鼓起的部位，然后他将手伸进去，抓住了那个器官。 男孩的腰背瞬间绷紧，微微颤抖地吸着气，\"你的手…可真大…..我喜欢这样…\" \"你知道的\"，他在对方耳畔吐气，\"手可不是我身上唯一大的东西，你就不想试试别的？\" 男孩笑，\"我想试试你叫唤起来像女孩子的样子~\" 他突然收紧手上的力道，男孩尖叫着瘫在他身上。\"看看现在是谁叫唤得像个女孩子？\"他咬着对方的耳垂。 \"Fuck you！Armie！\"对方恨恨地冲他低吼。 \"你不必重复自己已经在干的事情，甜心儿\"，他的语气温柔，手上的力度却一点也没有减轻。 男孩伏在他的颈间，几乎带上了哭音，\"你真的弄疼我了…\" 他松手，捏了捏男孩肖尖的小巧下巴，将对方放倒在座椅上，打开了身侧的车门。 他亲吻对方的眉心，眼睑和睫毛，亲吻他的鼻尖，脸颊和双唇。男孩用力咬住他的下嘴唇，不伤到他，却让他疼。他短硬的胡茬戳在男孩细滑的皮肤上。男孩闭上眼睛，喉咙深处发出满足又享受的呢喃，伸出双手解开他的裤口，抓住他那根东西上下摩挲，像是终于获得了珍贵又心爱的玩具。他低吼着趴伏在对方的颈项间，\"我猜你准备好要失去童贞了\"，他喘息着在对方耳边低语，半张不张的嘴衔住男孩颈间的一点皮肤。男孩嘻嘻笑，\"我他妈早没童贞了\"。他那根玩意儿在对方手中硬得橡根烙铁，他抬起头一口咬住对方的下巴，\"可不是以这种方式没的！\" 男孩不说话，长而卷翘的睫毛颤颤巍巍的，脸上浮现出的笑意似乎清浅又浓郁，犹如林间被朝阳映照的晶莹晨露，又像微风中轻轻摇摆的白色蒲公英。男孩就那样静静地望着他，手上的动作却没有停歇，他的裤子被褪下，男孩的手掌抚上他的臀部，灵巧的手指顺着他的臀缝向下按压他的会阴，然后再向下…在抓捏住他一侧鼓胀的球囊时男孩像赢得了奖赏一般挑起嘴角，咬住了自己的下嘴唇。 他仅剩的最后一丝理智在崩散之前想，这世上再也不会有第二个人，能把纯粹和欲望融合得如此完美而没有一丝痕迹。 他仿佛一夜回到了青春期，像头发情的畜生一样一无所知却想要摧毁一切。 男孩尖叫着推拒他，双唇因为疼痛而微微颤抖。太紧了，他知道，他必须停下来。 似乎有泪水沾湿了男孩的睫毛。男孩笑着吻他，\"我真为Elio感到抱歉，You are huge.\" 他用手指逗弄对方。男孩绷紧腰背，脖颈后仰，卷曲的黑色长发胡乱散在皮质坐垫上，衬衫的领口大开，领带被扯散了还松松地挂在脖子上歪到一边。男孩光洁凹陷的胸窝里渗着一层薄汗，脸歪向一侧，胸膛起伏着喘息呻吟，如同案板上的活鱼。他看着身下的人被欲望操控，徒劳地挣扎，丧失了所有的体面光鲜，甚至尊严。 这场面令他迷醉。 他爱死这具身体了。 他托住对方的后脑狠狠地进入对方的身体，他箍紧男孩的腰身挺送自己，然后缓缓退出，再进入，挺送…直到尽头。男孩渗透着哭腔的呻吟弥漫着软性毒品一般的气息。他甚至分辨不清那些支离破碎的话语究竟是让他停下还是不要停。\"Ar…Armie…你要宰了我吗？…你会宰了我的…\"男孩气若游丝的声音在他的耳边回响。 他们在海浪中颠簸翻滚，唯有对方是拴在脚踝上的浮板，最终的一线生机。他像少年时那样陷入大洋深处，海水并不冷，是温暖的，还有丝丝缕缕的阳光透下来。 男孩毛茸茸的脑袋搁在他毛发茂密的胸膛上。男孩抬起双眼问他，\"Armie，你是谁？\" \"我就是我。\"他说。 男孩再次埋下头，手掌在他光裸的胸膛上游曳，像是要确定他的形态一般若有所思。 \"别跟我说你是在想存在主义哲学的那些狗屁玩意儿~\"，他笑。 \"存在主义哲学才不是狗屁，你才是狗屁！\"，男孩噘着嘴没看他。 \"好好好，我是狗屁\"，他抚摸男孩柔软的黑发，\"我看你还是有力气。\" 男孩笑嘻嘻地把脸埋起来，又哼哼着环住他的腰，还把一条小腿伸进他的两腿之间。 \"你喜欢纽约吗？\"男孩问他。 \"我喜欢这儿的海。\" \"可是…你不是常年住海边吗？你不是在群岛上长大的吗？你不是差点在海里没命吗？难道还没有厌倦？\" 他轻轻抬起男孩的下巴，用拇指缓慢地描画那双唇的形状。男孩张嘴，轻咬住他的手指，然后伸舌尖舔了一下。 他笑。另一只手顺势摸索进对方的臀缝，手指顺着那个微微肿胀湿滑的甬道捅进去。 男孩一个激灵挺身抓住他那只手，呼哧呼哧地喘气，\"别…你…你出去~\" 他一个翻身将对方按在椅子上，架起男孩的双腿搁在自己肩膀上。 \"我累了，我要睡觉~\"，男孩的膝窝摩擦着他的肩头。 \"我就是要跟你睡觉啊~\"，他说。 \"你就是个混蛋！\"男孩咯咯笑着在他的怀里扭动。 \"恭喜，这下你知道我是谁了吧。\" 细小的雪花从深灰色的天空中缓缓飘落，绒毛一般落在车顶。男孩光裸的脚掌踩在雾气蒙蒙的车前窗玻璃内侧，跟随着车身摇晃。那粒细小的雪花融化了，变成了晶莹透亮的一滴，然后被更多的雪花覆盖。越来越多的雪盖在车顶上，窗棱上，覆盖了所有车轮…从冬天到春天，从春天到夏天，又从夏天到冬天… Armie，Take me. Yes， I will. (The End) ","Summary":" Nobody knows who I am 无名小卒 1 Nobody knows who I am. 2 \"你不是说要戒烟？\" Timmy一整晚有求必应，笑得脸部僵硬。车门将记者的闪光灯和喧嚣"},{"Movie":"(500) Days of Summer","Title":"Spring Trap x Bendyfan","Author":"babikakes1215","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12785659","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Bendy was cleaning the old wotkshop where she was unaware her friend Springtrap was coming up behind her. She was alone, her father, and the others were on a 4 day trip out of town. \"why hello Bendy\" Springtrap said to the little demon. Franticly looking around, Bendy was afraid someone broke in her uncle's workshop. \"Wh..who's there!\" Bendy yelled. Backing up two or three steps, bumping into something hard but soft. Turning, Bendy could see her friend standing behind. \"Springy!?\" Bendy yelled in surprize. \"what are you doing here?\" she asked. Springtrap gave her a look, she knew what that look meant. \"Springy... what are you..., she was silenced by a fur covered hand. \"shhh. it will be ok\" Hearing those words, she finally relaxed and almost fell to the ground. she felt weak, Springy picked her up and walked her to a bedroom close to where they were. Bendy was somewhat awake when she heared Springtrap doing something. It wasn't long before Bendy was fully awake. With Springtrap sitting next to her with another look. Coming closer, Springtrap came in for a kiss. Bendy, being his friend, fell into the kiss. She felt Springy striping her body. \"You know... since no one is here.. we can have some fun\" Bendy felt too weak to fight him, she just fell back on the mattress. \"Sp...Springy, im... cold\" Bendy said holding her arms. Springtrap came up to hold Bendy to warm her. Bendy soon realized he was nacked. they both were. Bendy looked up at the bunny and wanted to be more than a friend. She came in for another kiss. \"Ah, you want me dont you?\" Springtrap asked. Bendy noded and layed back. Springtrap position himself on the little ink demon. Suddenly, Springtrap thrust himself into Bendy. She moaned as he continued to thrust into the demon. \"Ahhh, Springy...please!\" Bendy screamed. With every thrust, Bendy felt less cold, less alone. \"Want more my dear?\" Springtrap asked. \"God Yes!\" Bendy yelled. Springtrap and Bendy were so close, they were growing tired. \"Ahhhhh...springy, im so close!\" Bendy screamed just before they both came on each other. Springtrap fell beside Bendy and no less than five minutes later, fell asleep together. ","Summary":" Bendy was cleaning the old wotkshop where she was unaware her friend Springtrap was coming up behin"},{"Movie":"(500) Days of Summer","Title":"My college life","Author":"Pri636","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12350746","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi readers , This is my first time writing a fanfiction. I hope u will enjoy the story am planning to write.. 3 Okay let begin... Hi I am an student.I am fair in colour ;) I am tall 1m69cm, black hair , hazel eyes ;) I am doing my fourth year in college currently. Yeah am pretty excited! ","Summary":" Hi readers , This is my first time writing a fanfiction. I hope u will enjoy the story am planning "},{"Movie":"(500) Days of Summer","Title":"Best no1 world's Trusted love spell caster proffsaha 27733947689","Author":"proffsaha","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11798858","Passage":"[Chapter 1] QUICK WORLDS NO1 BLACK MAGIC EXPERT WITH POWERFUL LOVE SPELLS | PROFFSAHA TELL: +27733947689/or visit: .za/ /Email:proffgeorgesaha My name is PROFF SAHA I am a professional Spiritual Healer, specializing in the fields of Love, Money, Power, Success, Luck and Witch Craft, spell casting, black magic, and Arabic talisman. I can help you with any problem or wish that you might have. I have more than 34 years' experience in the field of Spell Casting / Spiritual Healing. Over the years I have worked for thousands of clients in more than 60 countries all over the world. My services are on huge demand which is proof of the success I am achieving on a day to day basis. With a proven track record all my services are highly professional to suite your needs Contact: Bring back my lost lover Do you want to cast a spell on an ex-lover so that he comes back with you? You need your boyfriend or girlfriend to love you even more than today? You want to make someone love you? All these requests will most probably find a positive answer with one of my best love spells. For now, all you need is to give me details about your case so that I can evaluate the possibilities and success rate of a spell I'd cast for you. Faithfulness Spell to Stop Cheating Are you afraid your partner might cheat? Or perhaps you would simply like the security of knowing that he or she will never cheat. These spells will eradicate any possibility of adultery or cheating by dissipating any feelings of attraction or lust your partner may feel towards another person. All of your companion's amorous feelings will be harnessed and directed towards you. Spells to permanently stop Cheating and Adultery Thousands of couples wonder if their partner is cheating. A girl might watch her boyfriend's gaze as a pretty woman walks by or a man might wonder if his finance is spending too much time with a new co-worker. Take the worry and wonder out of the relationship with the faithfulness spell! Marriage Proposal Spell You have managed to find your true love and want that special someone to invite you into a blissful marriage. You want to use the Marriage Proposal Spell to enlist the help of the universe and positive energies to bring him or her to their knees in proposition of marriage. Or perhaps you are feeling the pressures of family and society and have determined that your current partner is worthy of a lifelong bond. This is the spell for you. Allow yourself the luxury of imagining wedding bliss: a gorgeous day with the perfect dress, elegant flowers, and all your friends and family celebrating the first day of a marriage to the person of your dreams. Now all you need is the proposal. You no longer have to wait or drop hints about spending your lives together. The Marriage Spell is designed to facilitate this process and create those magical moments without the worry and hassle of waiting. Make him /her to fall in love with you You love someone but this isn't mutual? Don't wait for the deluge and make him or her love you now. This service will create a great alchemy between this person and you. In just a few weeks, you can make the person you dream of falling in love with you. We recommend you to combine this service with a Marriage ritual if you want this person to commit you. STOP A DIVORCE NOW! In time, a lot of bad energy can gather in a relationship. Don't stand there and just watch! Clear out all the bad energies and make the marriage stable. The spell work also to make the partner change their mind of filing for divorce. The spell gains extra power when cast together with \"Make someone love me\" or \"Faithfulness spell\". Create a marriage Have you been thinking of marriage? Want to commit fully and live the rest of your life with someone special? Maybe the person has already turned you down? With this spell your lover will accept! If combined with \"make someone love me\" or \"faithfulness spells\" it will give you a very good start on your marriage. PROTECTION SPELL Protect yourself from all things evil that may try to harm you, your family, home or business. As spells can give you success and happiness and do wonders for you, there are evil people who may try to harm you with negative effects and sometimes evil spells or black magic spells may be so powerful that they may destroy your life, may affect your love life. These strong spells will destroy all the evil affects. Witchcraft Spells Magic spells are helpful in varied situations of life. Whether you are looking for a money spell, protection or luck spell, you can utilize the immense potential of my customized rituals. All my spells will be customized and personalized to your specific situation and wishes and will produce powerful results. NB: UNFINISHED ALL UNFINISHED JOBS FROM OTHER DOCTORS .FOR MORE INFORMATION VISIT: .za/ Email: proffgeorgesaha or call/ what's app: +27733947689 **free delivery nationwide REUNITE WITH YOUR EX LOVER IN 24 HOURS ONLY, CALL TRADITIONAL HEALER +27733947689 THE REAL LONG DISTANCE POWERFUL LOST LOVE SPELL CASTER TAGGED AND RECOMMENDED IN: Australia, India, UK, USA, Canada, Germany, Kuwait, New York, New jersey, London, Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Doha, Beirut, Belgium, Namibia, Botswana, Zambia, Sudan, Finland, Scotland, Bahrain, New Zealand, Singapore, Spain, England, Latvia, Denmark, New Mexico , France, South Africa(Africa), Johannesburg, Pretoria, Durban, Polokwane, Sand ton, Midland, Cape town, Malaysia, Sochi, Switzerland, Indonesia, Kenya , Saudi Arabia, Sweden , Finland, Netherlands , Italy, Norway, Colombia, Zanzibar Are you looking for a powerful, Witch? Here is PROFF SAHA the Witch, after years of successful casts. She has all the experience needed to understand how I can help you with your unique situation. I analyses your situation and help you. Are you really looking for a spell caster who can sort all your problems? Tell me about your situation. Regardless of your background and beliefs, the ancient art of witchcraft embraces you. Once you open your heart and mind to this awesome power, miraculous changes in your life could bring you instant love and happiness! Do you want to cast a spell on an ex-lover so that he comes back with you? You need your boyfriend or girlfriend to love you even more than today? You want to make someone love you? All these requests will most probably find a positive answer with one of my best love spells. For now, all you need is to give me details about your case so that I can evaluate the possibilities and success rate of a spell I'd cast for you . What is a relationship or a marriage without trust ? Are there trust issues in your relationship? Are you coming from a relationship or marriage where your ex-lover was not truth-worthy & cheated on you? Trust love spells to make lovers trustworthy in a relationship or marriage. If you are single and looking for a trustworthy lover where you are emotionally safe from disappointed of being dumped or cheated on, then trust love spells are what you need. Is your love life falling apart? Do you want your love to grow stronger? Is your partner losing interest in you? It's not too late to fix your love life. We offer solutions to take care of all your love life. We strengthen bonds in all love relationships and marriage. We create loyalty and everlasting love between couples. We recover love and happiness when relationships break down. We bring back your lost love. We help you look for the best suitable partner when you can't break the cycle of loneliness. We help to keep your partner faithful and loyal to you. We create everlasting love between couple call us for an appointment NB: UNFINISHED ALL UNFINISHED JOBS FROM OTHER DOCTORS .FOR MORE INFORMATION VISIT: .za/ Email: proffgeorgesaha or call/ what's app: +27733947689 **free delivery nationwide THE WITCHCRAFT BLACK CURSE SPELLS LOST LOVE, TRADITIONAL HEALING, PSYCHIC, VOODOO, BLACK MAGIC SPELLS+27733947689/it's on what 'Sapp/you also visit: : .za/ for more information THE PROBLEMS THAT I CAN HEAL AND SOLVE THROUGH THE POWERFUL SPIRITUAL ANCESTORS, VOODOO AND HERBAL MEDICINAL RESEARCH. INCLUDE: BUT NOT LISTED TO 1. I have got charms/spell to take away bad luck & give good luck in life 2. I fix broken relationships, marriages 3. I treats Bareness 4. I fight evil/ witchcraft/ ghost/bad spell/curses/bad dreams& cleans homes. 5. I bring back lost lover/family 6. I Makes court cases/divorces/bad debts to disappear. 7. I has herbs for losing weight 8. I solve financial and domestic difficulties 9. I has a spell charm to bring back stolen goods. 10. I has got a sale quick potions to boost customers in business. 11. I can make you gain promotions at work place. 12. I can make your admired partner to be yours. 13. I has herbs to make long live with HIV-AIDS even to be cured. 14. I has something to make you have lot of children. 15. I has a spell/charms that can make you have a good job. 16. I can stop someone to interfere in your love relationship/family 17. I has mixtures of herbs for sexual weakness. 18. I has herbs to enlarge your sexual system to satisfy your partner. 19. I cure madness/stress/addictions/long illnesses. 20. I treat sexual transmitted infections quickly. 21. I have lucky spells/charm to increase your wealthy. 22. I have charms for gambling/lotto/ casinos. 23. I have powerful herbs for curing early z. 24. I have charms to protect away from car robbers/hijacker/properties attack& Etc. 25. I have a magic ring which can grant you three wishes NB: UNFINISHED ALL UNFINISHED JOBS FROM OTHER DOCTORS .FOR MORE INFORMATION VISIT: .za/ Email: proffgeorgesaha or call/ what's app: +27733947689 **free delivery nationwide 765757 Best Award African Traditional Healer proffsaha the person who who can solve all your problems+27733947689 security of knowing that he or she will never cheat. These spells will eradicate any possibility of adultery or cheating by dissipating any feeBest spell caster who has experience in love & financial problems contact proffsaha+27733947689 visit: .za/ for more information Imagine a love spell that could bring back your Ex, return a lost lover, or fix a broken relationship. The love spells were created to restore the romance and strength of deep love while erasing the heartache and pain of the past. By restoring these emotions with a clean foundation, my witchcraft rituals offer hope to those who fear resentment and anger from a lost partner. Fear not! These love spells return lost lovers by opening the heart and soul to the beauty of true love, allowing the recipient to act upon free will. They do not manipulate or impose false ideas onto their subject, they simply allow the recipient to feel the depth of love and open his or her heart to the opportunities provided by it. The subject and recipient of the spell will remember the feelings he or she once felt and the ritual will restore these emotions in his or her heart Remove Relationship and Marriage Problems Relationships and Marriage are meant to be havens of love and comfort between two individuals. However, too often third party interference, family interjection, and miscommunication break apart the solid foundation of trust and honesty around which these long relationships form. Communication problems arise and sometimes the magic that once defined the beautiful relationship seems all but gone. This can lead to deception, adultery, and negative energy between the couple, creating an atmosphere of misery and resentment. My Love Spell works to eliminate all the causes and symptoms of negativity within the relationship and restores the vitality of love between two individuals. It works to cease any lying, cheating, or deception of individuals and restore the longevity of undying love. Faithfulness Spell to Stop Cheating Are you afraid your partner might cheat? Or perhaps you would simply like the lings of attraction or lust your partner may feel towards another person. All of your companion's amorous feelings will be harnessed and directed towards you. Spells to permanently stop Cheating and Adultery Thousands of couples wonder if their partner is cheating. A girl might watch her boyfriend's gaze as a pretty woman walks by or a man might wonder if his finance is spending too much time with a new co-worker. Take the worry and wonder out of the relationship with the faithfulness spell! The real African Traditional healer/ lost love spells/financial problems+27733947689 Using my magical native lost love spells, I can bring back your ex-husband to you , if you still love them and want them back. Even if they have remarried my lost love spells will bring them back and they will love you once again. Why should you be lonely when there is someone out there who have a strong connection with and truly love. Lost love spells to bring back a ex-wife Did you realize how much you loved your wife after your divorce, maybe you even made the divorce request yourself. Are you regretting that your sweetheart is now your ex-wife Get my lost love spells for man to bring back a ex-wife, they work and work fast to bring back your lover and even mend things to lead to a happily ever after remarriage. Lost love spells to bring back a ex-girl friend No matter how many years you have been away from each other my lost love spells will work for you. Bring back that ex-girl friend you still love in a few days using my powerful lost love spells. Even the mistake was yours and you pushed away your girl friend, as long as you truly love them my lost love spells will succeed for you. Love spells to bring back a ex-boy friend Are you still in love with your ex-boy friend after breaking up, do you want to get another chance with you ex-boy friend again. Has your ex-boy friend already moved on but you still long for their love and affection. I have love spells to bring back your ex-boy friend back to you so that you can have a fresh start. Lost love spells to bring back a ex-husband Using my magical native lost love spells, I can bring back your ex-husband to you , if you still love them and want them back. Even if they have remarried my lost love spells will bring them back and they will love you once again. Why should you be lonely when there is someone out there you have a strong connection with and truly love. Contact Best Award African Traditional Healer proffsaha the person who who can solve all your problems+27733947689 VISIT: .za/ Email: proffgeorgesaha or call/ what's app: +27733947689 **free delivery nationwide Trusted top online love spell caster#proffsaha# who can solve all your problems+27733947689 NO1 EX lost love spell caster (proffgeorgesaha ) in Norway,Poland,Portugal,Romania, Johannesburg Len Asia midrand soweto randburg, united states, UK, CANADA, Africa, proffsaha+27733947689/ or you can .za/ for more information Best NO#1 Traditional Healer proffsaha how can solve all your problems/love and financially+27733947689/or you can .za/ for more information I started healing people during the early 's before the death of my late grand father al-hajj sheikh Sayeed Faraji from the early Sayeed said rebellion,He loved me a lot and he decided to select me from all my 37 brothers and sisters to inherit him. He encouraged me always to do this but i was still interested in studies until when i started falling sick every time i go to school so i came to realize that spirits never wanted me to do any thing else apart from practicing tradition and culture. I decided to obey him and as am talking am the famous known and top ranked spiritual and traditional healer nominated and erected on the national traditional healers board in Zanzibar and coastal regions of East and central Africa. NO1 EX lost love spell caster (proffgeorgesaha ) in Norway,Poland,Portugal,Romania, Johannesburg Len Asia midrand soweto randburg, united states, UK, CANADA, Africa, proffsaha+27733947689/ or you can .za/ for more information my magical powers native lost love spells, I can bring back your ex-husband to you , if you still love them and want them back. Even if they have remarried my lost love spells will bring them back and they will love you once again. Why should you be lonely when there is someone out there who have a strong connection with and truly love. Lost love spells to bring back a ex-wife Did you realize how much you loved your wife after your divorce, maybe you even made the divorce request yourself. Are you regretting that your sweetheart is now your ex-wife Get my lost love spells for man to bring back a ex-wife, they work and work fast to bring back your lover and even mend things to lead to a happily ever after remarriage. Lost love spells to bring back a ex-girl friend No matter how many years you have been away from each other my lost love spells will work for you. Bring back that ex-girl friend you still love in a few days using my powerful lost love spells. Even the mistake was yours and you pushed away your girl friend, as long as you truly love them my lost love spells will succeed for you. Love spells to bring back a ex-boy friend Are you still in love with your ex-boy friend after breaking up, do you want to get another chance with you ex-boy friend again. Has your ex-boy friend already moved on but you still long for their love and affection. I have love spells to bring back your ex-boy friend back to you so that you can have a fresh start. Lost love spells to bring back a ex-husband Using my magical native lost love spells, I can bring back your ex-husband to you , if you still love them and want them back. Even if they have remarried my lost love spells will bring them back and they will love you once again. Why should you be lonely when there is someone out there you have a strong connection with and truly love. Best Award African Traditional Healer proffsaha the person who can solve all your problems+27733947689 VISIT: .za/ Email: proffgeorgesaha or call/ what's app: +27733947689 . / . / .com 2016/01/15/no1-lost-love-spell-caster-proffsaha27733947689/ . / For whatever reason your lover is not with you, this spell plants the seeds of their return. With the assistance of a gifted psychic, your will power could be increased tenfold, making it possible for you to make something happen? Specifically, the return of your love! Request this spell if: You know in your heart the two of you belong together. You know the relationship will work if only it is given a chance If you long for the return of a lost lover... if you are heartsick and lonely and despondent... there is something you can do about it! A Master Psychic who specializes in reuniting people will cast a spell for you. Within days, you'll have a renewed sense of hope, a strong feeling that the person you so deeply and desperately love is on the road back to you. Your heart will tell you that a life-changing experience has occurred! Soon, this person could wake up and realize the love and friendship and happiness you have to offer... and he or she could want to be with you forever. The seeds will be planted to break the barriers of stubbornness, of bitterness, of blindness-and replace them with feelings of warmth and love for you. If you truly care for this person and are willing to do anything necessary for their return, we urge you to have a \"Retrieve a Lover\" spell cast on your behalf. This is your opportunity. Simply write your request to retrieve a Lover. Website: .za/ Email: proffgeorgesaha Tel: +27733947689 How many times have you: Been in love with a man who didn't love you back? Thought your relationship was perfect, and then it fell apart? Been scared because you didn't know how to fix your crumbling relationship or marriage? Wished you could be smarter about dating? Do you have to Be Beautiful to Win a Man's Love? You don't know it yet, but what's been missing is the foundation for a rock-solid relationship. Without a foundation, you're just sitting on sand and the first wave that comes along will wash away everything, no matter how solid you thought it was. I was married for 29 years. I thought I had a great marriage. Then, he decided we should have an open marriage. Can you imagine? I didn't want to lose my marriage that I valued so much, but there was just no way could I be okay with what he was asking…. So here's what I did. Instead of licking my wounds, I went into action… I Used Profsaha love spells we are now back again… Becky Sanders, Australia. Tel: +27733947689 /users/1230423/boards/132605-best-award-top-online-lost-love-spell-caster-27733947689-proffsaha 2016/01/19/trusted-worlds27733947689-no1-lost-love-spell-caster/ ","Summary":" QUICK WORLDS NO1 BLACK MAGIC EXPERT WITH POWERFUL LOVE SPELLS | PROFFSAHA TELL: +27733947689/or vis"},{"Movie":"(500) Days of Summer","Title":"In The Middle (5SOS)","Author":"DestinySykes","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12865346","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Emma! Get your butt down here!\" My older sister, Destiny, shouted up the stairs. \"Geez, calm down!\" I said and walked down the flight of stairs. It's the first day of school. Destiny and her twin, Ryan, are now seniors and I'm a junior. Our oldest brother, Rebal, is at college. Then there is our 13 year old sister, Riley, who is in middle school. Finally, our youngest sibling, Riker, has just started Kindergarten. As you can see, our family is big. I don't understand how our parents did it. \"Morning, Emma.\" Mom said. Our mom works in the afternoon, so she is always here in the morning. Today she had made pancakes. Judging by the fact that Destiny is sitting on the couch, I'm guessing she ate already. There was a knock on the front door as I sat down at the kitchen table to eat. \"I got it!\" Ryan said. He opened the door to reveal our neighbor's son, Cameron Dallas, and his friend, Calum Hood. \"I smelled food from next door!\" Calum exclaimed. Cameron just shook his head. I didn't even notice Destiny walk into the kitchen. Calum was practically drooling over the sight of her. Cameron just stared. They would never admit it but they both had huge crushes on my older sister. Calum made it obvious because he always comes over to hang out and talks about Destiny a lot, while Cameron made it very obvious with his constant flirty comments. I started laughing. \"What's so funny?\" Mom asked. I pointed at Cameron and Calum. She looked at them and followed their gazes which were directed at Destiny. Mom shook her head and sighed. \"Snap out of it you 2.\" Mom playfully hit both of them. Destiny finally put down her phone. \"I love Jade but she can be such a pain,\" She sighed. \"Hey, Cam. Hey, Cal.\" She added. \"Hey!\" They both said at the same time. Mom handed a plate to Calum that was stacked with pancakes. \"Thank you!\" He grinned. Soon we all finished eating. \"I take it I'm driving you 2 losers to school as well?\" Ryan teased Cameron and Calum. \"Yep!\" Calum answered. And with that, we headed out to Ryan's car. The ride to school was cramped. I was sat next to Cameron and Calum in the back while Ryan and Destiny sat in the front. Once parked in the school parking lot, we all got out. \"Calum!\" Our friend, Ashton, ran over. I'll admit, Ashton is cute and I do have a crush on him. Ashton and Calvin hugged. \"I'm gonna go find Jade. See ya all later.\" Destiny said before walking off. I left the group of boys to find my own friends. \"EMMA!\" Someone shouted. I turned around to see my best friend running down the hall. \"ALICE!\" I ran over and hugged her. We pulled away from the hug after a few minutes. \"Wow! You definitely changed!\" I exclaimed. Her dark brown hair now had bright pink highlights and her skin had bronzed from her long vacation in Puerto Rico. \"I know but I'm still same old me! I missed you so much!\" She grinned. For the next 10 minutes we talked in the hall. Then the bell rang for first period. Alice went to science while I went to history. What a great way to start the day... Not. ","Summary":" \"Emma! Get your butt down here!\" My older sister, Destiny, shouted up the stairs. \"Geez, calm do"},{"Movie":"(500) Days of Summer","Title":"半梦半醒","Author":"sandwichburger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12857215","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 半梦半醒（PWP） 他一定是在梦里。 男孩靠坐在铜质雕像的脚边抽烟，穿着他在克雷马整整穿了一个夏天的那条短裤，那条短到不得不使用数字抠像技术去除他某个，又或是某两个部位的短裤。 他认得这个地方，却又想不起来具体在哪里。某个作家的墓地？天主教堂的背荫？不，不可能。墓地或教堂不会出现这样的雕塑。那是个和真人等高的铜像，少年模样，身体上覆盖着铜绿，被雨水冲刷，又覆上了层层新的，通体灰绿，除了小腹下一个微微昂起的部位像是被人摸了千百次而铮黄发亮。 男孩衔着烟，半耷拉着眼皮懒散地看他，双腿随意分开，一条腿曲起，那条短裤穿在他身上短且肥大。他的目光顺着男孩雪白的大腿根向上，停在那个交叉点上，在布料的半遮盖下，他能看见里面的那片阴影。 男孩看着他，面无表情地眨了下眼睛，将烟熄灭在铜像的脚面上。然后男孩毫无留恋般地侧头，开始亲吻身旁不知什么时候出现的女孩。女孩穿着条纹背心，丰满的胸部挺起，蹭着男孩痩削的肩头。她的卷发很长，几乎遮住了脸，她的吻越过男孩的下巴，亲上了他的脖颈和前胸。 男孩再次看向他，又叼起了烟。你喜不喜欢看我跟人做爱，Armie？男孩问他。 女孩的吻一路向下，已经延伸到了男孩的肚脐。 他猛地闭上眼睛，胸腔起伏，不可遏制地同时感受到痛苦和一丝兴奋。男孩的笑声回响在他的耳侧，太近了，像是对着他耳道里的细小绒毛吹气。他一定是在做梦，他翻了个身，甚至感受到身体和床垫的摩擦，但他没有醒。头疼。 他睁开眼。女孩消失了，男孩独自一人坐在雕像脚下，看穿了他的秘密一般微笑，又毫不在意的样子。男孩抬起手臂，顺着身后雕像布满铜绿的大腿向上摸索，手指在铜像的胯部停留，盲人一般，最终抓住了那根铮黄发亮，上扬挺立的铜阴茎。男孩手上用力，攀住把手一般站了起来。 阳光透过茂密的树叶洒在绿荫地上，留下一个个明亮的小圆斑。布拉格郊外的某座城堡？他依然不能确定。 男孩站起来，肥大的裤腰下垂吊在他的胯上，好像下一秒就会彻底掉下去，却偏偏挂在那里。他甚至可以看见对方平坦的小腹下缘隐约露出的毛发。男孩抬起一条腿，踮脚坐在了铜像铮黄发亮的挺立部位上。那条短裤的裤腰又向下滑了一点。 男孩皱眉。我不喜欢金属，太硌了，我想要你。男孩说。 他缓缓靠近，男孩微笑着看他，露出一点雪白的牙齿，咬着自己的舌尖。男孩抬起一条腿，光脚松松地抵住他的肚脐。他又向前走了一步，男孩膝盖弯曲，脚趾沿着他的小腹向下滑去，隔着一层薄薄的布料缓慢地摩他，等他微微立起时用两根脚趾夹住。男孩似乎玩得很开心。 他抓住男孩的脚踝，抬起来送到嘴边，亲吻对方光滑的脚掌。男孩怕痒，咯咯笑着向后收腿，抬起双臂向后搂住铜像的脖子试图稳住自己的身体。他又向前走了一步，男孩的腿弯架在他一侧的胳膊上，他另一只手从吊在对方腰上的短裤肥大的裤脚边伸进去，一把抓住那根器官，泄欲一般揉捏，刚刚的那点小心翼翼荡然无存。男孩倒吸了一口气，无论如何也稳不住自己的身体，从雕像上滑下来，伸出手臂要搂住他。 他放下男孩的腿弯，宽大的虎口猛地掐住了男孩的脖子。矮了他大半个头的男孩几乎被他脚尖离地地拎了起来。他望着近在咫尺的人颤抖的睫毛，呼出的气息好像要灼伤自己的鼻腔。 Timothee…他像是自言自语。 我是Elio。 不，你是Timothee。他斩钉截铁又咬牙切齿地说。好像这世上再没什么事情比这更肯定。 男孩又笑了，虽然被他掐住了脖子，有些轻微的缺氧，却依然笑得像个得胜的将军。他艰难地吞咽了一下。 他一只手还攥着男孩的阴囊，另一只手掐着对方的咽喉。他同时抓住了欲望和生命，手底下的这个人看上去苍白、纤细又脆弱，好像只要他稍一用力就能捏碎他。男孩绿色的瞳孔微微扩张，像暗夜里的猫咪，看向他的眼神带着点志在必得的狠戾。他明白，他才是被俘虏的那个。 他一把扯下了吊在男孩裤腰上的短裤，那点布料滑到了男孩的脚踝上。他松开了男孩的脖颈，大手滑至男孩的后腰。他低头望向男孩的胯间，那个半挺立的器官笔直漂亮，就像他手里的这个人一样。他的手指伸进男孩的臀缝，感受到肌肉条件反射般地收紧。他一巴掌拍在男孩的屁股上，响亮清脆。男孩惊呼出声，搂住他的脖子，抬起一侧的腿把他勾得更紧。他伸进一根手指，甬道里湿润紧致，温暖如春。男孩扭动腰身舔他下巴上的胡茬。他凑近男孩的耳根低声说，转过去。 男孩双手扶住铜像，背对着他站立，臀部因缺少阳光的照射而更显苍白。他的手指在男孩的臀缝处流连，指肚顶着那个入口，捅进去半截又抽出来。男孩难耐地向后挺送，他偏偏躲开，手指绕到前面抚慰他的前端。男孩忍不住想要自己伸手，被他一巴掌拍掉了。他一下子捅进两根手指，男孩按住铜绿的指关节泛着白，张大了嘴呼吸就像刚捕捞上岸的鱼。他缓慢地旋转，用手指操弄对方，男孩眼睑下和雪白的胸膛上细细的雀斑逐渐染上一层情欲的潮红，发出黏腻的呻吟。他嘭地一声抽出手指，臂膀揽住男孩细瘦的腰，低头亲吻男孩冒汗的肩头和后颈，硬得发疼的部位顶着对方湿润柔软的入口。他的另一只手摸上了铜像的腰身，下滑到小腹的位置，抓住了那个铮亮光滑的铜阴茎。他伏在男孩的耳边喘息着低语，\"我想看你跪下，含住它。\" 男孩转过头找到他的嘴唇亲吻上去，绿色的眼眸泛着一层朦胧的雾气，美丽如初冬的阿尔卑斯湖。 \"哦，亲爱的\"，男孩用法语说，\"我就是你放荡的婊子，可那也要你的本事~\" 他猛地挺身，毫无预警地，整根没入。 疼痛。 他听见了教堂的钟声，浑浊而厚重。阳光被云层遮蔽，一群鸽子扇动着翅膀扑簌簌地飞向灰蓝色的天空。光线透过教堂斑斓的彩绘玻璃窗，照在祈祷的烛台和经文上。钟楼古旧的木门开合，一点烛火被风吹动。 他从异常紧致的包裹中缓慢的往外抽。男孩气若游丝，如同等待被献祭的羔羊，嘴唇无声地开合，像是要说什么却又无能为力。\"叫我的名字，叫出来！\"他压低嗓音，似诱导又像命令。 Oliver… 错！他再一次猛地挺身。 男孩尖叫出声。Armie! 他听见远方传来新人的婚礼。喜童们穿着洁白的纱裙向人们分发糖果和烤饼，阳光照在他们柔软的姜色卷发上，泛着金黄的毛茸茸的光晕。 他的一只大手抚慰着男孩的前端，手指划过湿润的铃口，感受着怀中人的颤栗。他的手指带着那点黏腻的前液找到男孩的嘴唇，然后被紧紧地含住，吸吮，从指根到指尖，一节一节。他箍着男孩的腰身挺送自己，由慢到快，又逐渐放缓，\"哦…Ar…Armie…我…我想要你…\"，男孩在他怀里喘息呻吟。 你想要我什么？ 我想要你的全部。 男孩张开嘴，一颗闪亮的大卫之星滑落他的舌尖，细细的银链挂在男孩的牙齿上。树影摇曳，克雷马的夏夜静谧而潮湿，男孩散发着汗水和迷迭香的味道。他笨拙地褪去衣衫，一头暗金色的短发凌乱又狼狈。男孩的手指缠上他颈间的那根金色挂坠，将他拉至近前。\"我想把这一切都装进瓶子，我和你，然后封存起来\"，他在暗夜里看着男孩的眼睛说。\"我们之间什么也没发生，这一切不过是你的想象\"，男孩的鼻尖触碰着他的。\"难道不也是你的想象？\"他反问。身下人白皙的躯体在月光下泛着刚开蚌的珍珠一般年轻莹润的光泽，海风微微吹拂他黑色的卷发，就像阿芙罗狄忒的诞生，美得让他感受到一种深沉的痛苦。 他不间断地抽送自己，男孩早已泣不成声，像是被抽去了脊骨，整个身体都绵软着下滑。他张开五指，仿佛一张巨大的网拦腰捞住对方。男孩的声音破碎得微不可查，听上去几乎像在求饶，\"我...我不行...你...\"，手却绕到他身后，顺着他张紧的臀大肌伸进去揉捏按压他的会阴。他就像一只发了情的公狗，更加疯狂地挺送。他们最终都跪在了地上，男孩无力地攀住雕像的脚踝，身体颠簸摇晃如海浪里的渔船，就要沉没了。冰冷的铜锈，温热的体液，高潮，高潮，高潮… 你若高抬贵手放过我，我将在半梦半醒中度过一生。 注：最后一句出自《莫里斯的情人》（1987）。 ","Summary":" 半梦半醒（PWP） 他一定是在梦里。 男孩靠坐在铜质雕像的脚边抽烟，穿着他在克雷马整整穿了一个夏天的那条短裤，那条短到不得不使用数字抠像技术去除他某个，又或是某两个部位的短裤。 他认得这个地方，却又"},{"Movie":"(500) Days of Summer","Title":"Reckless- Ashton Irwin Punk AU","Author":"justagirlwritingfanfics","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11193258","Passage":"[Chapter 1] hey so this is a 5sos fan fiction, and since that isn't a option on here, i'm using this movie. honestly, i didn't even know that there was a movie named 500 days of summer, but everyone else if using it as a 5sos front, so screw that. \"Isabelle, just try it on!\" I groan, my best friend, Brooke, has been trying to convince me to try on a black lace dress for the last five minutes. I take the dress from her hands, \"Fine.\" I huff; and she smiles in satisfaction. I sigh and go into the dressing room. After taking my normal dark clothes off, I slip the dress on. I look in the mirror and see a little girl that matured too quickly, a reject. I sigh, deciding that I like it, but it has lace. I hate lace; it's too girly for me. I take the dress off and put my Greenday shirt and black skinny jeans on before slipping my all-black Vans on. I walk back out, \"I'll make you a deal. I'll buy this dress if we go to Hot Topic next.\" I say, and Brooke smiles, \"Deal.\" Once I get to Hot Topic, I make a beeline for the Greenday and All Time Low section. I hear Brooke scoff behind me, \"Always the same place. Always the same stuff.\" When I get over to the section, I notice a boy with wavy hair and tattoos running up and down his arms looking at some shirts. He turns around when he hears my footsteps and I notice he has striking hazel green eyes and a lip ring. I smirk; he's kind of cute. I mentally slap myself; you have a boyfriend! One side argues. Remember him though? He's a jerk! The other side counters. I shake my head, clearing my thoughts, and walk towards him. I stop next to him and look at some cute red acid washed short shorts. \"Hey beautiful.\" The mysterious boy says, \"Who? Me?\" I ask, looking up at him through my lashes. \"Yeah, you. I'm Ashton, but my friends call me Ash.\" He says, a smirk on his face as I drop the bag I'm holding. He smirks as he picks up the contents, the lingerie. Shit, I forgot that was in there. He holds up a black lace bra, \"This yours?\" I blush, my face the color of my redheaded friend, Brooke. \"Yeah.\" I say, taking the bra from his hand and stuffing it in the bright pink bag. \"I'm Isabelle, by the way, but my friends call me Belle.\" He smiles, a charming smile that would make any normal teenage girl faint. But I'm not any ordinary teenage girl. Ash continues to look at the Greenday and All Time Low shirts. He looks back at me and notices my shirt, \"You like Greenday?\" he asks in his adorable Australian accent. I nod, \"How could I not?\" he smiles, but not as brightly. \"What school do you go to?\" Damn, he's asking a lot of questions. \"Uh, Parker High School, what about you?\" I ask, finally finding my size in the shorts. \"Same, I'm going to be a junior this year.\" I furrow my eyebrows, \"How come I haven't seen you around before?\" I ask, looking at a Pierce the Veil shirt. \"I just moved here this summer, a few months ago.\" He replies as I find my size in the shirt, slipping it under my arm. \"Cool, well see ya around.\" I say, walking over to the register. \"See ya.\" \"So… who was that hottie you were flirting it up with in the store?\" Brooke interrogates me. I blush faintly, \"No one, just someone.\" I sigh, slipping into the driver's seat of my purple Volkswagen bug. \"No one, but someone. Interesting… is he single?\" she asks, and I roll my eyes. \"I don't know, and if he is, you have a boyfriend!\" I remind her, starting the engine of the car. She groans, \"But he was so hot!\" I roll my eyes, turning on the radio, signaling the end of this conversation. She sighs, \"Okay, okay I'll shut up. So how are things with you and Jacob?\" After dropping Brooke off at her house, I arrive at mine 30 minutes later. I unlock the door, letting myself in. \"Hey sweetie! How was the mall?\" my mom asks from the kitchen. \"Good.\" I say, walking upstairs to my room. Later that night as I'm drifting off, I think about Ash. Who is he? Why did he seem like he was flirting with me? No one likes me except Jacob, and he's and exception… before I can really give all these some things some consideration, I drift away into a dreamless sleep. Good? Bad? Please review and tell me what you think! I LOVE YOU ALL SO MUCH BYE-BYEEE ","Summary":" hey so this is a 5sos fan fiction, and since that isn't a option on here, i'm using this movie. hon"},{"Movie":"(500) Days of Summer","Title":"Love is a Laserquest","Author":"Blossom Lu","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12334324","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Love is a Laserquest Disclaimmer: Los personajes no son míos, ni las canciones de las bandas que he mencionado. Simplemente otorgo un poco de placebo al fandom con esta historia. \"¿Aún te sientes más joven de lo que pensaste que serías ahora? ¿O acaso ya empezaste a sentirte más vieja cariño? No te preocupes, estoy seguro que aún rompes corazones. Con la misma eficiencia que sólo los jóvenes pueden lograr. ¿Aún piensas que el amor es un juego? ¿O has empezado a tomarlo con más seriedad? He intentado preguntarte esto en algunos sueños que he tenido, pero siempre me engañas que estás ocupada. ¿Y te miras al espejo para recordarte que aún estás ahí? ¿O acaso eso lo cubren los besos de buenas noches dados por otro? Y bueno, no estoy siendo sincero, pero fingiré que sólo fuiste una amante más. Ahora no puedo pensar en aquél lugar, sin pensar en ti. Dudo que eso sea una sorpresa. Y no puedo pensar en nada en qué soñar. No puedo encontrar un lugar donde esconderme. Y cuando me sujeto a los anillos alrededor de mis ojos, y me convenzo a mí mismo de que necesito a otra. Por un minuto es más fácil pensar que sólo fuiste un amante más. Cuando estoy en una mecedora, con mi pipa y mis zapatos de levantar cantando horrorosas canciones sobre el verano. Bueno, encontraré otro método para fingir que sólo fuiste una amante más…\" Escuchas la misma canción de ese álbum, ¿cuándo tus gustos musicales comenzaron a cambiar tanto? Ya no son The Smiths, ahora es algo más dulce, más tranquilo. Tus audífonos siguen en su lugar y le das \"replay\". ¡Al diablo todo, que corra la canción! ¿no? Y se repite muchas veces, dos, tres, cuatro, diez, ¿a quién le importa contar? Cada maldita canción que escuchas, cada pareja que ves feliz en la calle te recuerda lo que pudieron haber sido. Te recriminas por qué no fuiste tú el indicado, ¿eras demasiado romántico, demasiado creyente? Te convences de que no hubo culpa ahí, ni ella la tuvo. Pero por momentos tu cerebro te juega la jugarreta de que quizás tú tuviste la culpa; ella fue tan clara como el agua, como la corriente misma te advirtió que serían amigos. ¡Al diablo! ¿Los amigos se ven de ese modo? ¿Se toman de la mano? Tú, que estás acostumbrado a esas canciones brit pop, a la música de antes, a las baladas de Pulp, Suede, que has visto películas de amor —más de las que un chico ve en su vida— estás convencido de que sólo estarás completo cuando la hayas conocido. Y lo hiciste, fue un ocho de enero, de un patético año. Ese día te destrozaste, el verano duró quinientos días, fue una temporada medio calurosa, medio lluviosa, medio primaveral. Todo a medias, nada completo. Ropa tirada en su departamento, lunar en forma de corazón, ojos azules y cabello con un estilo de los años setenta. Ella es Summer Finn, y tú eres Tom Hansen, has hecho el amor… Espera… ¿Has hecho qué?, no querido Tom, eso no es hacer el amor. Ya que cuando ella te toca, se siente duro. Cuando lames sus senos, cuando la besas tú sientes que es tuya y de nadie más, crees que todo lo que ella te dice es casi religioso y que nadie más lo ha escuchado de sus labios. Oh Tom, estás tan equivocado, eso no es hacer el amor, ¿pero quién sabe al final? No tú, no yo. Al día siguiente Summer se viste, se pone algún atuendo 'nice' y te dices a ti mismo que ella es hermosa, es la luz que nunca se va. ¿Qué más necesitas si la tienes a ella? Pero cada actitud, cada señal te recuerda que sólo son amigos, y tú en las noches te acurrucas en tu propia miseria y escuchas de nuevo esas canciones pop británicas, pones tu lista de reproducción siempre en replay y piensas en Summer, en el maravilloso verano. Quieres que el verano dure más de mil días, ¡qué más da, cien mil días! ¿Duplico el número? No, es demasiado Tom. Y te das cuenta cuando le ves ese anillo de compromiso, duele en el miocardio es un golpe letal que te carcome, ¿por qué ella? ¿por qué Summer Finn? ¿por qué te destrozó en \"n\" número de pedazos? Es una asesina. Entonces odias ese estúpido lunar en forma de corazón y ahora le ves forma de cucaracha, sus ojos son feos, ese cabello de los setenta es horrible, tan pasado de moda. Oh Tom, ¿duele? Ahora cambias las canciones británicas por algo diferente, algo más suave. ¿El amor es un juego, es destino? ¿La amaste o fue una ilusión? Tus manos en la noche parecen recorrer tu cuerpo y crees que es ella. Extrañas a momento su amor singular por Ringo, extrañas esa manera tan peculiar de ver el mundo. Recuerdas la forma en que ella veía al amor. Tú eras un creyente de esas historias rosas hermosas que siempre tenían buen final. Amor del verdadero Tom, no estupideces. Amor de ese que se despierta en la mañana con una taza de café, amor de ese que quieres al anochecer. Quieres desnudarla, pero no de cuerpo, quieres desnudar cada uno de sus secretos y conocer cada imperfección. Pero Tom, es momento de que bajes de esa ruleta, debes parar ya. Lloras cual bebé y te abrazas, Summer no está, Summer se fue. Summer es de otro nombre. Summer, Summer. Su nombre te provoca escalofríos, y no quieres saber de ella —bueno, en realidad sí quieres— pues ella es como un cáncer, un tumor, un jodido vicio que te niegas a dejar. Quisiste ser el dueño de sus sueños, el padre de algunos niños, escuchar con ella The Smiths y bailar. Tomar una copa de vino, ¿o dos? Ir a conciertos, y gritarle al mundo: All you need is love! ¿Suena hermoso? Sí, tú querías eso Tom, y está bien soñar. Ella es un placebo, el espectro de lo que pudieron ser Summer y tú es tu medicina favorita, no sabe nada mal. No tiene ese sabor a paracetamol o ibuprofeno. Sabe rico, el sabor de esos labios rosas pastel te agradaban tanto. Oh Tom, ¿su recuerdo regresa, verdad? Y sigues escuchando Love is a Laserquest, le das replay una vez más y te convences de que sólo será esa vez. Extrañas a Summer, pero es momento de quitar esas tarjetas que solías escribir de tu habitación. Todo empieza a apestar a mierda, y te dices a ti mismo que el amor es algo más comercial. ¿Quién necesita esas putas tarjetas? ¿Por qué la gente no dice lo que siente de manera simple? Y tú eres parte de ese sistema, les provees el medio para que demuestren falsos sentimientos. Odias eso. Odias los finales felices en las películas y las canciones que te parecían lindas para dedicar como 'Love Song de The Cure' ahora te dan asco, ¡todo es mierda, todos son mierdas! Renuncias a tu trabajo, quitas la mierda de tarjetas. Botas la pelota, comes comida basura. Whisky, jugo, mantecadas. Ojeras y televisión. Música deprimente. Todo apesta. Ella se casa. Te vuelves viejo. Ya no hay más pensamientos. Pero Tom, la amas. Ella lo fue todo para ti y te quisiste convencer de que entre tú y ella había algo celestial, las coincidencias no debían de existir. Ustedes debieron haber estado hechos el uno para el otro, mas sabes que eso nunca pudo haber sido de ninguna manera, te han dicho que sólo te has enfocado en las cosas buenas, ¿y qué hay de las malas? ¿te has tomado el tiempo de analizarlas? Ella le gustaba decir que le gustabas, y para ti ese era el alago más hermoso que pudieron haber escuchado tus oídos nunca, no era un tema de autoestima, no es del tipo \"quiérete a ti mismo\" no es eso. Te sentías como en el cielo cuando ella admitía gustarle lo que hacías, eras el chico raro, ese raro espécimen que todavía creía en el amor. Pero no más. Bueno, sí crees en el amor, pero ahora te escondes —o eso intentas— pues no quieres sufrir más. Tomas la última copa de whiskey y gritas a todo pulmón. —¡¿Por qué Summer?! No hay respuesta, desearías que alguien respondiera más fuerte. Así como ese jueguito en donde ella decía pene y tú lo decías en voz más alta. Oh, recordarla duele. Todos los lugares te recuerdan a ella, e incluso los lugares que no visitaron te recuerdan lo genial que hubiera sido haber estado con ella. Summer es una espinita, pero sabes bien que el verano por fin ha terminado, ese largo letargo en el que has estado sumido en un profundo estado de no saber qué hacer. Y bien, ahora viene el otoño, dime Tom, ¿qué sorpresas te trae esa estación del año? —Mi nombre es Autumn. —¿Quieres ir a tomar un café? Bueno, ahora no suenan canciones románticas al fondo. Esta vez no ves corazones salir por doquier. Y esperas no enamorarte de nuevo, no quieres amar al verano de nuevo. Oh Summer Finn, chica de cabello de los setenta. Oh Summer Finn, delicada belleza que no era creyente, ¿por qué no eras creyente? N/A Hola a todos y cada uno de ustedes. Es de madrugada en mi país y una dosis alta de Artic Monkeys ocasionó esto, también un poco de desamor ha influido, ¿para qué negar? así que mis dedos corrieron como en maratón de diez kilómetros y comenzaron a escribir tanta cosa que ni yo misma sé cual pueda ser el desenlace. Espero les haya gustado. Esto es simple y sencillo, al escuchar Love is a Laserquest es como decir \"este es Tom, esta es Summer\" así como en un bautizo, así que no rebusqué más y así se llamó el one shot. Si les gustó un comentario será bien recibido. Buenas noches y tengan un excelente inicio de semana. Blossom Lu. ","Summary":" Love is a Laserquest Disclaimmer: Los personajes no son míos, ni las canciones de las bandas que he"},{"Movie":"(500) Days of Summer","Title":"Sorry, If I'M Late","Author":"marlinasoraya03","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11296456","Passage":"[Chapter 1] soory, if i'm late -Jungkook POV- Jika bukan karena wanita itu hidupku pasti sudah sangat bahagia. Hidup dengan wanita yang kuinginkan menjadi pendampingku,namun apa ini? Dia hadir mengubah semua rencana kehidupan yang telah ku susun sedemikian rupa. Hanya karena dia telah menyelamatkan nyawa oemma ku,,,aku harus menikah dengannya sebagai ungkapan terima kasih dari keluarga besarku dan yang lebih mengejutkan lagi ternyata dia cucu teman kakek ku yang telah dicari selama ini untuk dijodohkan dengan ku. Bukankah itu sebuah rencana yang bagus untuk muncul? Ku rasa dia telah menyusun sebuah rencana untuk muncul dihadapan keluarga ku dengan menyelamatkan oemma ku. Dia seorang yeoja kampungan yang miskin dan sebatang kara. Hanya karena perjanjian bodoh kakek ku dan kakeknya aku harus menikah dengan nya di usia muda,bahkan sangat muda. Asal kalian tahu umur ku baru 18 tahun dan aku masih duduk di bangku kelas 3 SMA di kirin art school karena aku bercita-cita ingin menjadi artis. Akh,,,memikirkannya saja sudah membuat ku emosi...bukankah dia lebih pantas dengan dongsaengku Xiumin? Yah karena umur mereka itu sama,,,sekitar 16 tahun. Dibandingkan dengan Hyera ku,,,apa sich lebihnya yeoja kampungan ini? Aku tidak melihat ada yang lebih dari yeoja ini, malah banyak kekurangannya. Tapi mengapa Appa dan yang lainnya sangat tertarik dengan yeoja ini? Molla... \"jungkook-a mengapa kau tidak menyapa dan memperkenalkan diri pada hyejin?\" tegur oemma padaku. \"Nde? Ne arrasseo...joneun Jeon Jung Kook imnida. Bangapseumnida.\" Baiklah aku akhirnya memperkenalkan diri pada yoeja ini dengan sedikit tersenyum manis...ani, ani maksudku tersenyum sinis. Jika bukan karena menghargai Oemma dan Appa aku tidak akan mau memperkenalkan diri atau bahkan menyapa yoeja sialan ini. \" owh... ne bangapseumnida. Park Hyejin imnida\". Balasnya dengan tersenyum padaku. Apa dia pikir aku suka melihat senyuman nya itu? kenapa sedari tadi dia terus saja tersenyum sambil melihat ku. Apa dia menyukaiku? Baiklah harus ku akui kelebihan pertamaku ini,,,yah apalagi kalau bukan ketampanan yang hampir mencapai titik sempurna. Bukannya terlalu memuji diri sendiri tapi inilah nyatanya, setiap yeoja yang bertemu denganku pasti langsung jatuh cinta pada pandangan pertama. ===Hyejin POV=== Omona,,, mengapa namja yang ada dihadapan ku saat ini sangat tampan. Apa mungkin Tuhan lupa menempatkannya? Seharusnya dia itu berada di Surga bersama para Dewa bukan disini bersama manusia. Harus ku akui satu hal,,,sepertinya aku jatuh cinta pada pandangan pertama pada nya...Love at the First sight... \"jungkook-a mengapa kau tidak menyapa dan memperkenalkan diri pada hyejin?\" tegur oemmonim pada nya. \"Nde? Ne arrasseo...joneun Jeon Jung Kook imnida. Bangapseumnida.\" Oetthokke suaranya...suaranya sangat seksi. Mungkin ini adalah namja paling tampan yang pernah kutemui apalagi dia mengatakan nya sambil tersenyum sangat manis padaku. Akh rasanya aku seperti akan pingsan melihat senyumannya. \" owh... ne bangapseumnida. Park Hyejin imnida\". Jawabku sambil tersenyum yah menurutku senyumku barusan itu sangat manis. \" baiklah lebih baik sekarang kita duduk sambil mengobrol...\" ya tuhan aku sangat beruntung bisa bertemu dengan oemmonim dan keluarga yang sangat baik seperti ini...mereka sangat hangat menyambutku, apalagi haraboji. Sedari tadi dia terus saja menatapku sambil tersenyum,,, \" aku sudah lama mencarimu,,,tapi selalu sia-sia, apa kau mempunyai sebuah giok peninggalan kakek mu?\" ahh...iya giok itu, aku hampir saja melupakan nya,,, ","Summary":" soory, if i'm late -Jungkook POV- Jika bukan karena wanita itu hidupku pasti sudah sangat bahagia. "},{"Movie":"(500) Days of Summer","Title":"Summer's Back","Author":"girlwithimagination","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10798780","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Tom Hansen glanced at his watch; he felt a wave of emotions overcome him. He felt nervous, scared, excited, filled with dread. He didn't know whether it was a good idea to be meeting up with Summer Finn again; he was only just getting over her. He was scared that those strong feelings would come back and then smack him right in the face like they always did every time. He wouldn't allow her to let him feel like a vulnerable mug again, he was past that. He had a beautiful girlfriend; he was dating Autumn O'Hara and they were happy together, right? Then why was he meeting Summer, especially after her revelation? He was shocked to receive a text from her the other night especially as they hadn't spoken in months. The text read, \"I'm divorcing Jake. I think I made a mistake letting you go. I love you. Meet me tomorrow at Starbucks at 3. Summer x.\" He was so shocked to receive Summer's text. He lay awake that night mulling over the text; why was she doing this, why now, why not when the time was convenient? He didn't show the text to Autumn, he never even told Autumn about Summer. The first thing he did was ring up Rachel. \"Dude she's playing with your feelings! Do you even remember the shit that she put you through?\" \"Maybe this is a sign, maybe Summer and I are meant to be together after all.\" \"Don't be a moron Tom; she's playing games. She wants you because she can't have you and because things aren't working out with her husband. She can see you're happy with Autumn and she can't bear to see you happy!\" \"I think I'm going to meet her tomorrow.\" \"Tom DO NOT meet that ho tomorrow or I will come and slap you in the balls! Don't ruin what you have with Autumn do you hear me!\" \"Look if I don't go I'll always ask myself what if I hadn't met with Summer?\" Tom nervously stirred his coffee. The clock struck ten past three; he wondered whether or not she was even coming. His heart was in his mouth and he was shaking so much he couldn't even pick up his coffee. Perhaps she wasn't coming, maybe this had been a joke. Every second he waited for her seemed like a life time. Tom thought to himself that perhaps he was doing the wrong thing after all. He didn't want to lie to Autumn but how could he tell her that he was still in love with another girl? He told Autumn that he was just meeting his buddies and she didn't even question it. He felt so guilty. Tom was about to leave when he saw her waltz in through the door. Everyone suddenly looked up from their coffees and their papers and their laptops; she had that effect on everyone. One guy even spilt his coffee all over himself because he was so focused on Summer he didn't realise he was still holding it in his hand. She looked so beautiful and just by looking at her Tom felt himself falling in love with her again. Her bright blue cobalt eyes sparkled with life and she wore this cute baby blue frock which showed off her dainty frame. She wore a cute matching ribbon to match her frock. She always looked so gorgeous. \"Hey Tom, thanks for meeting me,\" Summer smiled, planting a gentle kiss on his cheek. \"You look beautiful Summer,\" Tom said. He felt as though he was choking when he spoke. \"Thank you. Did you think about what I said?\" \"Summer it's not that easy, you can't just come back into my life this, acting as though nothing ever happened between us. You broke my heart Summer and I'm only now starting to recover. But then I see you again and I feel myself falling for you all over again.\" \"I know Tom, I never meant to break your heart, but you have to understand that I was scared.\" \"You could have spoken to me about it and we would have figured it out.\" \"I know but I was scared that I would get my heart broken; that's why I pushed you away and treated you like I did. I know you hate me for what I did to you and I hate myself.\" \"I don't hate you Summer, but you really hurt me.\" \"Can we try again?\" \"Summer I don't know if I can do this again plus I'm with someone else and I think I really love her.\" \"OK Tom I understand, I hope you're happy with her. I just regret that I ever let you go. I hope that we really can be friends.\" \"Summer I don't know if we can be friends, I don't think it's a good idea. I can't go back there again. You should go back to your husband.\" \"I don't love him, I love you Tom.\" \"But why now, when I'm with someone?\" \"Because you being with someone else made me realise that. It kills me to see you with somebody else and it made me realise how scared I was and how I should stop being scared and be with the one I love.\" \"I wish you had told me this earlier, maybe then we'd have stood a chance. I can't do this again Summer, I'm going back home to my girlfriend, where I should be.\" He got up and left, but he also knew that he was leaving behind a part of his heart. He couldn't even look back because it would kill him. But he knew that if he let her back into his life again and that if she broke his heart again, it would kill him even more. He walked away as far and as fast as he could so that Summer was just a figment in the distance. ","Summary":" Tom Hansen glanced at his watch; he felt a wave of emotions overcome him. He felt nervous, scared, "},{"Movie":"(500) Days of Summer","Title":"5 seconds of summer - locked","Author":"marijne","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11090077","Passage":"[Chapter 1] p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"I knew there was something wrong. I'm so stupid. My feelings are always right and I didn't listen. It was my own fault, but now the others are in danger too. How can I be so stupid? How? My eyes feel lump and I don't have the feeling I can stay up much longer. I have to. If I don't stay awake there can happen anything. I don't know who's taken me over here, but I know I need to get out. Maybe he, or she, will kill me and the other boys. That would be terrible. The worst thing is that I know nothing. I really want to know, maybe it's better to know what I'm doing here and get killed then be in this room for, god knows how long. /p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"People always warned us. They mumbled things as \"you're not safe in this world.\" And \"do not trust your fans. They can be obsessed, they want to hurt you.\" Now it's to late to think about that. It was true, we needed to watch out for their fans and haters. We were gone and no one know where we are. Well that was what I though. Maybe the police come today. Maybe they can save us. I don't know if it's us anymore. The last time that I saw Michael, Ashton and Calum was yesterday. Maybe their save. God, I hope so. /p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"My eyes scan the room again. The walls are painted white, but that was a long. Nearly the whole wall is grey and on one wall there are a few dark spots. I don't exactly know what they are, but it looks scary. This room is scary and I'm afraid. Not for this room, but for the owner from the room. It seems like that person doesn't really like person. Of course, it can be a joke from friends, but I don't believe it is. It would be a very sick joke, though. I really want to believe it's a joke, 'cause that sounds reassuring. I need something to believe and that gives me faith. It's not that I believe it's some kind of joke, but I can hold the idea and hope that it gives. Maybe my fear is taking control of me, but I feel like I never got away./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"strongemHey guys, this is the prologue of locked. I hope y'all like it! Sorry if it has spelling mistakes, English is not my original language and I also have dyslexia. I'm trying to update this story every week or even more, but I have school (ulg school sucks). /em/strong/p ","Summary":" p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; line-height: 18px"},{"Movie":"(500) Days of Summer","Title":"O-GIRL: INVITADO DE HONOR Por Wez","Author":"loboplateado2541","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12190419","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cualesquiera otros personajes son mi propia creación. Esta historia pretende ser un homenaje al personaje de O-Girl y para el trabajo de Jim Weathers. O-GIRL: INVITADO DE HONOR Por Wez O-Girl ardía por las calles en su brillante auto deportivo negro. Luces de la calle deslumbrados fuera del trabajo del cuerpo pulido y tachado ventanas. Esta fue la ruptura que había estado esperando. Su archienemigo Señora Felina alias el Negro Minx había secuestrado el principal abogado de la ciudad Torrie Adams y fue la celebración de su rehén. El rescate? Un swap recta -. La rubia impresionante para el igualmente impresionante super heroína Negro Minx envió en una grabación de vídeo del abogado vivaz atado a una silla. Ella envió a la estación local de noticias cuyo director - después de unos dos segundos de pensamiento - decidió dejar de lado las cuestiones morales y difundirlo esa noche. En el video, Negro Minx apareció y puso su petición inusual pero el villianess vil hizo un error crucial. Usando su equipo de grabación especialista, O-Girl fue capaz de resaltar y hacer zoom in en una pequeña parte de la reproducción de vídeo. Torrie Adams estaba sentado delante de un fondo blanco que O-Girl notamos fue moviendo un poco. Aproximar, la heroína divisó un pequeño punto negro en el fondo, justo al lado de la pata de la silla habría sido visto por el ojo desnudo pero gracias a su equipo de O-Girl podía ver claramente. El punto negro fue una insignia para una compañía marquesina. El fondo blanco era una hoja de plástico batiendo suavemente en el viento, que representaron los leves movimientos. O-Girl hackeó la computadora de la firma de marquesina y descubrió que hace dos años una gran carpa fue vendido a Devon Lust, comerciante porno local y un antiguo socio criminal de Lady Felina de. La carpa fue entregado a La Casa de Campo de Devon que había sido tapiada desde El arresto de Devon hace 2 años. O-chica había sido capturado por Felina y Devon Lust, pero había vuelto a las tablas en sus captores. La diabólica Felina escapó pero la señorita Lust terminó tras las rejas. O-Girl detuvo en un camino rural oscuro, en la parte trasera de la Lust Estate abandonado. Sacó un conjunto de garfios de su cinturón de herramientas y fácilmente trepó el muro de piedra grande en frente de ella. Buscando resplandeciente en su traje púrpura de látex, guantes de color púrpura oscuro y botas de tobillo, O-Girl se dirigió a través de la huerta oscuro con ella de largo aleteo de color marrón oscuro en los vientos fuertes. Cuando llegó a la final de los bosques se dio cuenta de la gran carpa en la parte trasera de la casa. Una luz venía de dentro y ella podía casi distinguir las figuras silueteadas en el interior. Con un pequeño par de binoculares ocultos en su cinturón, O-Girl distinguió la figura de una persona sentada en una silla y otra figura de pie junto a él. \"Eso debe ser Felina!\" O-Girl dijo a sí misma: \"Esta vez voy a tener la caída de ella! Yo le enseño una lección de lo que sheâ € ~ s hecho con mala Torrie!\" Sin el conocimiento de Felina, Torrie era, de hecho, un buen amigo de Caroline Encantadores . Una hermosa y exitosa periodista - y alter-ego de O-Girl! De hecho, durante la universidad, Torrie y Caroline eran compañeros de habitación y se levantaron para algo más que estudiar! O-chica se acercó a la carpa con precaución. Ella trató de mantener sus pensamientos bajo control. Todo lo que podía pensar era en que la imagen de vídeo de su amiga atado a la silla. Vestido con una camisa blanca ajustada, lo suficientemente desabrochada para mostrar su amplio escote, Torrie luchó en vano contra las cuerdas que la sujetaban. Sus pechos se frotaban contra la tela blanca y suave de su camisa, tirando de la prenda apretada sobre sus tetas. Los pensamientos de O-chicas volvieron a esos magníficos pezones que sobresalían en los bolsillos en el pecho de la camisa de Torrie. Con el botón abrochado próxima esforzaba en la fuerza de poner sobre él - como si las tetas de Torrie estaban a punto de explotar a cabo su top muy ajustado! O-Girl se quedó muy quieto, recordando sus recuerdos de esa cinta de vídeo. Cuerdas cavaron en el cuerpo de Torrie, por encima y por debajo de sus enormes pechos con los brazos atados fuertemente detrás de ella. Por lo menos que podría haber sido atadas, O-Girl no podía ver realmente ellos. Todo lo que podía ver eran sus hombros y la parte superior de los brazos que desaparecen detrás de esas enormes tetas. piernas de Torrie fueron también fuertemente ligados. Cuerdas pellizcó la carne bronceada justo debajo de su minifalda de cuero negro, por encima y por debajo de las rodillas y alrededor de sus tobillos traer un par de zapatos de tacón negro de 6 pulgadas con fuerza. O-Girl se agachó y comenzó a acariciar su coño bajo su uniforme. Ella comenzó a gemir como ella lentamente trajo a sí misma hacia un orgasmo pero de repente la luz dentro de la marquesina se apagó! O-Girl se congeló en seco, podía haber sido visto? Oyó risas y dos mujeres surgió de la entrada de la carpa. O-Girl rápidamente corrió de vuelta a la madera. Por suerte no fue visto. \"¿Está seguro de O-Girl mostrará? Es taaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan obvio que es una trampa!\" la mujer dijo: \"Por supuesto que lo hará! Ella no tiene ninguna opción. Torrie Adams hará cebo excelente!\" las otras mujeres respondieron: \"Ven ahora querida. Vamos a levantar la sesión a la sala de estar y esperamos la llegada de O-Girl!\" \"Sé que esa voz!\" O-Girl susurró para sí misma, \"Felina Así que es una trampa que no estoy seguro de que el otro es sin embargo -!. Demasiado lejos para ver No importa, es una lástima que voy a pasar la de queso de la trampa Felina, antes de que usted puede conseguir sus garras. Con Torrie fuera del camino me aseguraré de que usted y su cómplice imprudente está castigado por sus crímenes! \" Una vez que las dos mujeres estaban en el interior del edificio de O-Girl hizo su movimiento. Corrió hasta la marquesina y se deslizó dentro. La habitación estaba cubierto de oscuridad, pero podía oír los gemidos apagados de alguien que trata de liberarse de la esclavitud apretada. Después de haber experimentado esto en muchas ocasiones O-Girl sabía cuáles eran esos sonidos! Se dirigió lentamente a través de la oscuridad hacia los sonidos de la lucha que viene de una figura sentada. La heroína le susurró: \"?! Torrie Relax, soy yo, oh-Girl, voy pronto tengo fuera de este\" gemidos de Torrie se hizo más fuerte cuando escuchó esto. O-Girl dudó pero decidió continuar. \"Pobre Torrie!\" susurró, \"¿Qué han hecho?\" O-Girl era ahora de cerca a la figura y alcanzó su interior amarilla cinturón de herramientas de plástico para una pequeña linterna. Ella brilló en el rostro de la víctima. Era, en efecto Torrie. Ella fue fuertemente amordazada y con los ojos vendados. De repente, como O-Girl retira la venda de los ojos, la habitación estaba envuelta en la luz brillante. Al instante la heroína núbil dio un salto y se tambaleó hacia atrás en estado de shock al ver que se enfrentó a ella. La habitación estaba llena de gente! Todos se sentaron alrededor de O-Girl y Torrie riendo evily y todos mirando hacia la morena aturdido. En el centro de la tripulación abigarrada destacado Señora Felina y su cómplice. \"¡No! ¡No puede ser! Devon Lust! Usted se enviaron a la cárcel!\" O-Girl se quedó sin aliento. Completamente paralizado por la visión de su viejo adversario, el luchador de látex crimen revestido fue tomada por sorpresa como dos bestias fornidos la agarró desde atrás tirando de los brazos más o menos. O-Girl luchó violentamente, pero no sirvió de nada, el control sobre ella era demasiado apretado. \"Como puede ver, O-Girl - ya no soy un golpe hacia arriba\" Devon se rió, \"Esto aquí es mi venida pequeña fiesta en casa!\" \"Pero no entiendo?\" O-Girl contestó, todavía luchando contra sus captores, \"Usted no estaba saldrá a la venta por otros 5 años! ¿Cómo saliste?\" \"Muy sencillo querida!\" Felina se rió entre dientes, \"hice arreglos para que un amigo mío para visitar la señorita Lujuria en la cárcel. Uno de mi pandilla. Ella plantea un parecido con Devon, así que con la ayuda de un poco de cirugía plástica, que ahora ha tomado el lugar de la señorita Lust tras las rejas ! Y sin duda Devon recompensará a su doble con un depósito en efectivo generosa en su cuenta bancaria a tiempo para su lanzamiento! Es increíble lo que nadie va a hacer por dinero! \" luchas de O-chicas eran cada vez menos frenética como la inutilidad de su situación pronto se convirtió en aparente. \"¿Qué pasa con la señorita Adams y yo? ¿De dónde venimos en ella?\" \"El Minx Negro insistido en que no podía tener un regreso a casa sin un presente!\" Devon regodeó, \"Usted mi querido es el invitado de honor! Tú y tu amigo el deliciosa señorita Adams. El tanto de ustedes han causado más problemas entre mí y mis socios reunidos aquí esta noche de todo el departamento de policía de la ciudad! Así que sólo está a la razón por la que como vuelva a la civilización - ustedes dos breve dejarlo ! \" O-Girl miró Torrie. Los ojos bastante de rubias se abrieron con horror y el ceño fruncido. Miró a O-Girl en la desesperación, con la esperanza de que su amiga iba a salvarlos de lo que el destino le mintió delante. Ella se alegró de ver la expresión de la heroína de la ira mientras ella continuó luchando contra los hombres la celebración pero no pasaría mucho tiempo antes de que la mirada de desafío sería arrasada ...**************************************** ******************************** O-Girl fue verdaderamente comida en honor de Devon había comenzado pero la belleza vestida de color púrpura no estaba esperando el papel que estaba jugando ahora. Ella y Torrie se había mantenido en el centro de la marquesina y atado de espaldas a la gran poste de metal manteniendo el techo alto. Sus brazos estaban atados al poste y varias tiras de cuero grandes habían sujetado alrededor de sus cuerpos. Alrededor de su cuello, por encima de sus pechos jadeantes, alrededor de sus estómagos, las caderas, los muslos, las pantorrillas y los tobillos. Las correas fueron sacados apretado para las bellezas unidas exprimido contra el pilar dura entre ellos. Finalmente varios rollos de cinta adhesiva se envuelven alrededor de la cabeza y sobre sus bocas. Ninguna de las chicas amordazados podía moverse. O-Girl no dejar de intentarlo, pero casi no se movió Torrie en absoluto. Las tablas se han creado alrededor de las heroínas atado y arreglado para que tocaron sus estómagos. Platos de comida encantadora fueron dispuestas alrededor de ellos. O-Girl frunció el ceño cuando se dio cuenta de lo que los demonios estaban haciendo falta, que utilizaban los combatientes del crimen fuertemente unidos como una pieza central de su buffet! La mayoría de la gente se conformó con un arreglo de flores o una escultura detallada hielo. Pero este fue el Minx Negro y lo que podría ser mejor para el regreso a casa del mal Devon Lust? Un abogado exquisito y una impresionante super heroína fuertemente unido y gimiendo - como enemigos del pasado ayudaron a sí mismos a un vol-au-vent y un agarre rápido de un tit atado o dos ! Era tal indignidad para dos de las mujeres más poderosas en la ciudad. Cautivo detenido a manos de tantos delincuentes que ayudaron a poner distancia en el pasado. O-Girl se puso furioso. Luchó con locura a soltarse de sus ataduras, pero las correas parecía tirar con más fuerza. De vez en cuando, un villano ruin que reconoció que caminar más allá y ayudar a su ser a un puñado de nueces sin tanto como un párpado de bateo en la belleza unida frente a ellos. A veces uno podría mirar hacia arriba y sonreír a O-Girl. Por lo general se lanzó de nuevo una mirada de ira que se convirtió rápidamente en horror como el malhechor riendo agarró un puñado de carne teta y acarició más o menos mientras hablaba con un colega. \"Bastards !\" pensó, \"Me están utilizando como una especie de muñeca de juguete! No van a salirse con la suya!\" Sus pensamientos de venganza fueron súbitamente cortados como Devon Lust se acercó a ella. \"Es sólo caí en la cuenta de que O-Girl He estado descuidando usted! \" se regodeó, \"Quiero decir ... usted es el invitado de honor y yo soy el anfitrión que debería estar tratando a usted mucho mejor que esto no importa -.. Tengo un poco de algo aquí que te mantendrá ocupado y dar a mis amigos un poco de luz entretenimiento, ya que meter en su comida. \" O-Girl frunció el ceño ante el objeto. Era un vibrador - su única debilidad. Cerró los ojos con fuerza mientras el dispositivo se zumbido suave se oyó como Devon Lust empujó el gadget bajo la entrepierna de O-Girl. Instantáneamente O-Girl comenzó a gemir. Aunque no está en contacto con la vagina vibrador se presionó duramente contra su uniforme. El villianess vil empató contra el muslo derecho del O-Girl y lo dejó allí para hacer su trabajo. \"Sin olvidar que la señorita Adams!\" Ella se rió, \"Tengo uno para ti también!\" Los ojos de Torrie se abrieron en la ira. Era un abogado de la ciudad superior - profesional y directo - cómo podría se la sujeta a semejante prueba? Pero su decisión fue debilitando. Su única esperanza estaba atado firmemente detrás de ella. Con O-Girl fuera de combate que conocía los demonios podían hacer lo que quisieran con ella! El dispositivo fue puesto bajo su falda corta y presionó más o menos contra su coño húmedo. Atado a la pierna del objeto con forma de falo empezó a tararear y vibrar con violencia. Ella comenzó a gemir al instante. Torrie podría oye sonidos de éxtasis procedentes de detrás de ella. Al menos ella supuso que era el éxtasis - que sonaba más como gritos de dolor. De hecho, O-Girl se sentía una mezcla de placer y dolor en este momento. Cada villano en la ciudad sabía su terrible debilidad y el muchacho, lo hizo alguna vez lo utilizan para su ventaja! O-Girl fue una vez más en los tiros de otro orgasmo glorioso. Los odiaba tanto. Le encantaba estar en control, pero cuando vibró su cuerpo y el alma se amotinaron contra ella. Como la pasión brotó en su interior, el sonido del zumbido comenzó a llegar al vestido de cuero belleza. Ella miró por entre la chusma se sentó a su alrededor - con la esperanza de encontrar algún alivio de alguna parte. Pero no iba a venir. Ella trató de mantener la calma y concentrarse pero entonces el vibrador parecía a una velocidad superior. \"La perra!\" pensó, \"Ella ha equipado esta cosa con un control automático. Oh, Dios mío! Se está haciendo más rápido! Oh My!\" mente de O-Girl lentamente comenzó a vaciar lo único que podía pensar era en ese dispositivo cobarde clavado en su vagina. \"MMMMPPPPPPPPHHHHHHHHFFFFFFFFFF ! \" ella gritó en su mordaza. La morena obligado sacudió violentamente, empujando sus caderas y salir, pero no había nada que pudiera hacer. Torrie también estaba gimiendo y gimiendo en éxtasis, pero O-Girl ahora era indiferente a su amiga. Su mente se ha ido, todo lo que podía pensar era en que las vibraciones incesantes entre sus piernas. \"Mmmmmppppppphhhhhhhhffffff, Mmmmmmppppphhhhhhhfffffff !\" ella gemía una y otra vez, el orgasmo construyendo en su interior. Los ojos de O-Girl fuertemente cerrados mientras ella llegó a su clímax una y otra vez, abriendo brevemente sólo para ver a varios hombres pasan por ella sin tanto como un parpadeo en sus expresiones, ya que ellos mismos ayudaron a cortar limpiamente sándwiches de salmón. Era como si ella ni siquiera estaba allí. La presencia de O-Girl también fue ignorada por su amiga. Larga Torrie se había olvidado de su amante Superheroine como ella también gritó de placer mientras ola tras ola de clímax golpeó su cuerpo. Ambas mujeres estaban ahora jadeando y sudando profusamente. El Minx Negro había ganado. Sus enemigos vencidos colgaban en sus lazos estrechos que sus ojos miraban fijamente a las paredes de la carpa. El villano vil y su colega traviesa Devon Lust, rieron hasta bien entrada la noche, bebiendo champán y charlando con los huéspedes. De vez en cuando Felina miró a O-Girl, sonrió y dio la belleza torturado a un guiño de complicidad. O-Girl, frunciendo el ceño, miró hacia atrás a su captor - preguntándose cuánto tiempo mantendría cautiva. ¿Cuántas cummings más forzada que ella tuvo que soportar y lo que el destino le tenía en mente para ella? Estas preguntas tuvieron que esperar como la zorra violado estremeció cuando otro clímax glorioso sacudió su cuerpo. O-Girl gritó en su mordaza, una vez más, sus ojos parpadearon y lentamente se desmayaron. Devon Lust se rió a carcajadas al ver a su adversario caído y el goteo de esperma caliente corriendo por los muslos de O-Girl. ************************* *********************************************** Cuando O- Chica finalmente dio la vuelta - la situación no había mejorado. Ella se movió un poco y de repente sus ojos se abrieron de golpe. Se encontró acostado en una especie de rejilla metálica en una pequeña habitación. No había nada en la habitación excepto una bombilla que colgaba del techo, una especie de interruptor en la pared junto a la puerta de metal y un pequeño claro en la parrilla del próximo donde O-Girl yacía indefenso. La heroína intentó mover los brazos, pero encontró que estaban atadas firmemente detrás de ella en las muñecas y los codos. Supuso que era el caso dado el enorme dolor que sentía y el hecho de sus pechos se sobresale más de lo habitual. Más cuerdas atadas alrededor de su cuerpo, manteniendo los brazos cubrió detrás de ella. Sus piernas también estaban atados juntos en los muslos, las rodillas y los tobillos. O-Girl enrollado alrededor furiosamente, tratando desesperadamente de liberarse de sus ataduras. Como de costumbre sus luchas fueron inútiles, ya que sólo sirvió para hacer las cuerdas alrededor de su más y más fuerte aún. O-Girl no estaba dispuesto a renunciar a pesar de que, Torrie estaba a la vista, tenía que liberarse de alguna manera y rescatar a su amiga antes de que fuera demasiado tarde. Después de lo que parecieron horas de frenética, que lucha en vano, la puerta de su celda se abrió y entró Señora Felina. O-Girl lanzó una mirada de ira pura hacia el villano grotesco. \"Ahhhhhh! O-Girrrrrrl!\" Felina ronroneó, \"Veo que no has perdido esa determinación de los suyos. Eso es bueno, porque vas a que estés necesitas si quieres sobrevivir mi última trampa diabólica!\" \"Siempre sobrevivo sus trampas arteras Señora Felina!\" replicó O-Girl desafiante: \"Esta no será la excepción!\" \"No me banco en que O-Girrrrrl!\" Felina se rió entre dientes, \"Devon estaba más impresionado por su actuación en la cena de esta noche que quería mantenerlo como su esclavo privado, pero me temo que es demasiado peligroso para mantener viva! \"En cambio yo daré la señorita Adams a Devon como bienvenida vivienda actual. Estoy segura de que será suficiente como siervo sexo dispuesto! \" \"Torrie? ¡No! ¡Nunca! No voy a dejar que hagas eso a ella! \"O-Girl gritó. \"Lo siento querida, pero no tengo nada que decir en la materia!\" Felina respondió: \"¿Ves esta sala que está en la voluntad ser su lugar de descanso final! Es una pequeña celda acogedor no es él, un viejo abandonado refugio antiaéreo muy por debajo de los terrenos de La Casa de Campo de Devon. ! Nadie va a encontrar aquí abajo \" \"No eres más que me va a salir de aquí, ¿es eso?\", dijo O-Girl con valentía: \"Ven ahora Señora Felina - Eres normas están deslizando - no muy imaginativa es que ? Además, estoy seguro que voy a encontrar una manera de salir de aquí, una vez que consiga libre de estos bonos. \" \"Oh, no te preocupes O-Chica, tengo la intención de hacer su oferta escapar un poco más difícil!\" Felina rió. Ella se acercó y agarró O-Girl alrededor de la cintura, tirando la morena hasta sus pies Ella agarró las piernas y la colocó en el pequeño espacio en la red del metal -.. casi lo suficientemente amplia como para O-Girl para estar en \" Ahora ser un buen ratonil y permanecer allí! \"Felina dijo sarcásticamente,\" Tengo un pequeño regalo para usted! \"Los ojos de O-Girl se abrieron con horror cuando vio lo que era. Felina sacó un vibrador buscando ominosa y lo empujó más o menos en contra entrepierna de O-Girl. Luego, utilizando cinta adhesiva que sujeta firmemente en su lugar. Una vez que fue atado áspero entre las piernas juntas Niñas, Felina enciende el dispositivo y alteró la configuración a \"ALTO\". Al instante O-Girl comenzó a estremecerse y gritar al sentir las convulsiones ondulación a través de su vagina. Felina rió y caminó hacia la puerta, deteniéndose al llegar a él. \"No importa cuánto usted lucha O-Girl te aconsejo que te quedes inmóvil!\", le ordenó, moviendo el interruptor junto a ella. \"Acabo de activé la red eléctrica en el suelo a su alrededor. El simple toque enviará 1.000 voltios de electricidad surge a través de su cuerpo ! Baaaawwwwaaaaahhhhhaaaaaaahhhaaaaaahhhhh !\" O-Girl miró preocupada a la red que la rodeaba y luego miró a Felina con una mirada de desafío. Apretó los dientes mientras el vibrador continuó estimulando su coño. \"Bueno, ahora tengo que estar fuera de mi pequeña princesa púrpura,\" Felina se rió, \"Voy a cierro esta puerta de acero detrás de mí y entonces voy a estar solo en tu privado la cárcel! ¿Qué es esto O-Girl? n respuesta ingeniosa? n último gesto desafiante? Ya no me decepcionó! \" Con eso Felina cerró la puerta, sin dejar de reír en voz alta. O-Girl oyó lentamente el sonido de su risa malvada desaparecer en la distancia ... ********************************** ************************************** Parecía muchas horas habían pasado. O-Girl todavía estaba atrapado en el centro de una red eléctrica muy cargada, aún atado fuertemente, aún gimiendo en voz alta y todavía hay tiempo y el tiempo de correrse de nuevo. Su mente estaba empezando a vaciar de nuevo. Todo lo que podía pensar era en ese maldito vibrador entre sus piernas. Sus deseos obsesivos encendidos una vez más ya que ahora la bienvenida a los orgasmos inevitables. Ella se retorció y se volvió con la esperanza de liberarse de sus ataduras, pero cuanto más se esforzaban el más estricto de las cuerdas se hicieron. \"Soooooo tt-apretado! Ccc-no puede get ¡gratis!\" Ella gimió, mientras otro orgasmo sacudió su cuerpo. \"Must ... .focus ... .concentrate ... .can't movt movimiento! Oh, Dios mío, oh, Ohhhhh!\" Sin embargo, otro orgasmo la golpeó como una ola ... y luego otro. cum caliente corría por sus muslos. \"¡Oh! ... Debe .concentrate ... tiene que encontrar fi ... .way cabo ... .ohhhhhhhhhhh!\" la doncella derrotado tarareaba mientras seguía al clímax. Podía sentir su mente vacía como su visión se nubló y se convirtió de mareo. En cualquier momento iba a desmayar y caer sobre la red eléctrica, freír con vida! O-Girl sabía que tenía que convocar a toda su poderosa voluntad de evitar que esto suceda. Valientemente ella trató de luchar contra ella. El más duro que trató de centrarse más vino. Fue una batalla constante, pero estaba empezando a superarlo. \"Si ... ..I ... ..could acaba ... râ € |â € |reach ... ..my ... ..util ... ..util ... ..utility cinturón !¡un cinturón!\" ella gimió. Otra ola de orgasmos la golpeó mientras ella se estremeció y gritó. No se puede mover sus brazos O-Girl sabía que tenía una sola oportunidad. Si podía alcanzar el pestillo en su cinturón justo por encima de su trasero, que podía soltarlo y dejar que la caída de la correa a la tierra. El contacto se haría con la red sería un cortocircuito en la carga eléctrica y luego de que pudiera moverse libremente. Como otro orgasmo placentero tambaleó su O-Girl logró liberar el cinturón. En el momento en que golpeó la red grandes chispas volaron de él siguió por el humo y otras pequeñas explosiones. El humo llenó la habitación con la luz por encima de ella encendió y luego murió. O-Girl ahora estaba libre de saltar alrededor de la habitación a voluntad -. No una gran ventaja, pero al menos ahora podía agáchese y llegar a la hoja oculta en su botín derecho Lentamente O-Girl cortó gratis - todo el tiempo seguir clímax una y otra vez. Con el tiempo se las arregló para romper el vibrador de su cuerpo. . Sentado en el suelo, el alivio era obvio que ella se derrumbó y derivó en un sueño profundo Estén atentos para CAPÍTULO SEGUNDO DE O-GIRL: INVITADO DE HONOR La habitación estaba cubierto de oscuridad, pero podía oír los gemidos apagados de alguien que trata de liberarse de la esclavitud apretada. Después de haber experimentado esto en muchas ocasiones O-Girl sabía cuáles eran esos sonidos! Se dirigió lentamente a través de la oscuridad hacia los sonidos de la lucha que viene de una figura sentada. La heroína le susurró: \"?! Torrie Relax, soy yo, oh-Girl, voy pronto tengo fuera de este\" gemidos de Torrie se hizo más fuerte cuando escuchó esto. O-Girl dudó pero decidió continuar.\"Pobre Torrie!\" susurró, \"¿Qué han hecho?\" O-Girl era ahora de cerca a la figura y alcanzó su interior amarilla cinturón de herramientas de plástico para una pequeña linterna. Ella brilló en el rostro de la víctima. Era, en efecto Torrie. Ella fue fuertemente amordazada y con los ojos vendados. De repente, como O-Girl retira la venda de los ojos, la habitación estaba envuelta en la luz brillante. Al instante la heroína núbil dio un salto y se tambaleó hacia atrás en estado de shock al ver que se enfrentó a ella. La habitación estaba llena de gente! Todos se sentaron alrededor de O-Girl y Torrie riendo evily y todos mirando hacia la morena aturdido. En el centro de la tripulación abigarrada destacado Señora Felina y su cómplice. \"¡No! ¡No puede ser! Devon Lust! Usted se enviaron a la cárcel!\" O-Girl se quedó sin aliento. Completamente paralizado por la visión de su viejo adversario, el luchador de látex crimen revestido fue tomada por sorpresa como dos bestias fornidos la agarró desde atrás tirando de los brazos más o menos. O-Girl luchó violentamente, pero no sirvió de nada, el control sobre ella era demasiado apretado.\"Como puede ver, O-Girl - ya no soy un golpe hacia arriba\" Devon se rió, \"Esto aquí es mi venida pequeña fiesta en casa!\" \"Pero no entiendo?\" O-Girl contestó, todavía luchando contra sus captores, \"Usted no estaba saldrá a la venta por otros 5 años! ¿Cómo saliste?\" \"Muy sencillo querida!\" Felina se rió entre dientes, \"hice arreglos para que un amigo mío para visitar la señorita Lujuria en la cárcel. Uno de mi pandilla. Ella plantea un parecido con Devon, así que con la ayuda de un poco de cirugía plástica, que ahora ha tomado el lugar de la señorita Lust tras las rejas ! Y sin duda Devon recompensará a su doble con un depósito en efectivo generosa en su cuenta bancaria a tiempo para su lanzamiento! Es increíble lo que nadie va a hacer por dinero! \" luchas de O-chicas eran cada vez menos frenética como la inutilidad de su situación pronto se convirtió en aparente. \"¿Qué pasa con la señorita Adams y yo? ¿De dónde venimos en ella?\" \"El Minx Negro insistido en que no podía tener un regreso a casa sin un presente!\" Devon regodeó, \"Usted mi querido es el invitado de honor! Tú y tu amigo el deliciosa señorita Adams. El tanto de ustedes han causado más problemas entre mí y mis socios reunidos aquí esta noche de todo el departamento de policía de la ciudad! Así que sólo está a la razón por la que como vuelva a la civilización - ustedes dos breve dejarlo ! \" O-Girl miró ojos bastante de rubias se abrieron con horror y el ceño fruncido. Miró a O-Girl en la desesperación, con la esperanza de que su amiga iba a salvarlos de lo que el destino le mintió delante. Ella se alegró de ver la expresión de la heroína de la ira mientras ella continuó luchando contra los hombres la celebración pero no pasaría mucho tiempo antes de que la mirada de desafío sería arrasada ... **************************************** ******************************** O-Girl fue verdaderamente humillado. La comida en honor de Devon había comenzado pero la belleza vestida de color púrpura no estaba esperando el papel que estaba jugando ahora. Ella y Torrie se había mantenido en el centro de la marquesina y atado de espaldas a la gran poste de metal manteniendo el techo alto. Sus brazos estaban atados al poste y varias tiras de cuero grandes habían sujetado alrededor de sus cuerpos. Alrededor de su cuello, por encima de sus pechos jadeantes, alrededor de sus estómagos, las caderas, los muslos, las pantorrillas y los tobillos. Las correas fueron sacados apretado para las bellezas unidas exprimido contra el pilar dura entre varios rollos de cinta adhesiva se envuelven alrededor de la cabeza y sobre sus bocas. Ninguna de las chicas amordazados podía moverse. O-Girl no dejar de intentarlo, pero casi no se movió Torrie en absoluto. Las tablas se han creado alrededor de las heroínas atado y arreglado para que tocaron sus estómagos. Platos de comida encantadora fueron dispuestas alrededor de ellos. O-Girl frunció el ceño cuando se dio cuenta de lo que los demonios estaban haciendo falta, que utilizaban los combatientes del crimen fuertemente unidos como una pieza central de su buffet! La mayoría de la gente se conformó con un arreglo de flores o una escultura detallada hielo. Pero este fue el Minx Negro y lo que podría ser mejor para el regreso a casa del mal Devon Lust? Un abogado exquisito y una impresionante super heroína fuertemente unido y gimiendo - como enemigos del pasado ayudaron a sí mismos a un vol-au-vent y un agarre rápido de un tit atado o dos ! Era tal indignidad para dos de las mujeres más poderosas en la ciudad. Cautivo detenido a manos de tantos delincuentes que ayudaron a poner distancia en el pasado. O-Girl se puso furioso. Luchó con locura a soltarse de sus ataduras, pero las correas parecía tirar con más fuerza. De vez en cuando, un villano ruin que reconoció que caminar más allá y ayudar a su ser a un puñado de nueces sin tanto como un párpado de bateo en la belleza unida frente a ellos. A veces uno podría mirar hacia arriba y sonreír a O-Girl. Por lo general se lanzó de nuevo una mirada de ira que se convirtió rápidamente en horror como el malhechor riendo agarró un puñado de carne teta y acarició más o menos mientras hablaba con un colega. \"Bastards !\" pensó, \"Me están utilizando como una especie de muñeca de juguete! No van a salirse con la suya!\" Sus pensamientos de venganza fueron súbitamente cortados como Devon Lust se acercó a ella. \"Es sólo caí en la cuenta de que O-Girl He estado descuidando usted! \" se regodeó, \"Quiero decir ... usted es el invitado de honor y yo soy el anfitrión que debería estar tratando a usted mucho mejor que esto no importa -.. Tengo un poco de algo aquí que te mantendrá ocupado y dar a mis amigos un poco de luz entretenimiento, ya que meter en su comida. \" O-Girl frunció el ceño ante el objeto. Era un vibrador - su única debilidad. Cerró los ojos con fuerza mientras el dispositivo se enciende. Un zumbido suave se oyó como Devon Lust empujó el gadget bajo la entrepierna de O-Girl. Instantáneamente O-Girl comenzó a no está en contacto con la vagina vibrador se presionó duramente contra su uniforme. El villianess vil empató contra el muslo derecho del O-Girl y lo dejó allí para hacer su trabajo. \"Sin olvidar que la señorita Adams!\" Ella se rió, \"Tengo uno para ti también!\" Los ojos de Torrie se abrieron en la ira. Era un abogado de la ciudad superior - profesional y directo - cómo podría se la sujeta a semejante prueba? Pero su decisión fue debilitando. Su única esperanza estaba atado firmemente detrás de ella. Con O-Girl fuera de combate que conocía los demonios podían hacer lo que quisieran con ella! El dispositivo fue puesto bajo su falda corta y presionó más o menos contra su coño húmedo. Atado a la pierna del objeto con forma de falo empezó a tararear y vibrar con violencia. Ella comenzó a gemir al instante. Torrie podría oye sonidos de éxtasis procedentes de detrás de ella. Al menos ella supuso que era el éxtasis - que sonaba más como gritos de dolor. De hecho, O-Girl se sentía una mezcla de placer y dolor en este momento. Cada villano en la ciudad sabía su terrible debilidad y el muchacho, lo hizo alguna vez lo utilizan para su ventaja! O-Girl fue una vez más en los tiros de otro orgasmo glorioso. Los odiaba tanto. Le encantaba estar en control, pero cuando vibró su cuerpo y el alma se amotinaron contra ella. Como la pasión brotó en su interior, el sonido del zumbido comenzó a llegar al vestido de cuero belleza. Ella miró por entre la chusma se sentó a su alrededor - con la esperanza de encontrar algún alivio de alguna parte. Pero no iba a venir. Ella trató de mantener la calma y concentrarse pero entonces el vibrador parecía a una velocidad superior. \"La perra!\" pensó, \"Ella ha equipado esta cosa con un control automático. Oh, Dios mío! Se está haciendo más rápido! Oh My!\" mente de O-Girl lentamente comenzó a vaciar lo único que podía pensar era en ese dispositivo cobarde clavado en su vagina. \"MMMMPPPPPPPPHHHHHHHHFFFFFFFFFF ! \" ella gritó en su mordaza. La morena obligado sacudió violentamente, empujando sus caderas y salir, pero no había nada que pudiera hacer. Torrie también estaba gimiendo y gimiendo en éxtasis, pero O-Girl ahora era indiferente a su amiga. Su mente se ha ido, todo lo que podía pensar era en que las vibraciones incesantes entre sus piernas. \"Mmmmmppppppphhhhhhhhffffff, Mmmmmmppppphhhhhhhfffffff !\" ella gemía una y otra vez, el orgasmo construyendo en su interior. Los ojos de O-Girl fuertemente cerrados mientras ella llegó a su clímax una y otra vez, abriendo brevemente sólo para ver a varios hombres pasan por ella sin tanto como un parpadeo en sus expresiones, ya que ellos mismos ayudaron a cortar limpiamente sándwiches de salmón. Era como si ella ni siquiera estaba allí. La presencia de O-Girl también fue ignorada por su amiga. Larga Torrie se había olvidado de su amante Superheroine como ella también gritó de placer mientras ola tras ola de clímax golpeó su cuerpo. Ambas mujeres estaban ahora jadeando y sudando profusamente. El Minx Negro había ganado. Sus enemigos vencidos colgaban en sus lazos estrechos que sus ojos miraban fijamente a las paredes de la carpa. El villano vil y su colega traviesa Devon Lust, rieron hasta bien entrada la noche, bebiendo champán y charlando con los huéspedes. De vez en cuando Felina miró a O-Girl, sonrió y dio la belleza torturado a un guiño de complicidad. O-Girl, frunciendo el ceño, miró hacia atrás a su captor - preguntándose cuánto tiempo mantendría cautiva. ¿Cuántas cummings más forzada que ella tuvo que soportar y lo que el destino le tenía en mente para ella? Estas preguntas tuvieron que esperar como la zorra violado estremeció cuando otro clímax glorioso sacudió su cuerpo. O-Girl gritó en su mordaza, una vez más, sus ojos parpadearon y lentamente se desmayaron. Devon Lust se rió a carcajadas al ver a su adversario caído y el goteo de esperma caliente corriendo por los muslos de O-Girl. ************************* *********************************************** Cuando O- Chica finalmente dio la vuelta - la situación no había mejorado. Ella se movió un poco y de repente sus ojos se abrieron de golpe. Se encontró acostado en una especie de rejilla metálica en una pequeña habitación. No había nada en la habitación excepto una bombilla que colgaba del techo, una especie de interruptor en la pared junto a la puerta de metal y un pequeño claro en la parrilla del próximo donde O-Girl yacía indefenso. La heroína intentó mover los brazos, pero encontró que estaban atadas firmemente detrás de ella en las muñecas y los codos. Supuso que era el caso dado el enorme dolor que sentía y el hecho de sus pechos se sobresale más de lo habitual. Más cuerdas atadas alrededor de su cuerpo, manteniendo los brazos cubrió detrás de ella. Sus piernas también estaban atados juntos en los muslos, las rodillas y los tobillos. O-Girl enrollado alrededor furiosamente, tratando desesperadamente de liberarse de sus ataduras. Como de costumbre sus luchas fueron inútiles, ya que sólo sirvió para hacer las cuerdas alrededor de su más y más fuerte aún. O-Girl no estaba dispuesto a renunciar a pesar de que, Torrie estaba a la vista, tenía que liberarse de alguna manera y rescatar a su amiga antes de que fuera demasiado tarde. Después de lo que parecieron horas de frenética, que lucha en vano, la puerta de su celda se abrió y entró Señora Felina. O-Girl lanzó una mirada de ira pura hacia el villano grotesco. \"Ahhhhhh! O-Girrrrrrl!\" Felina ronroneó, \"Veo que no has perdido esa determinación de los suyos. Eso es bueno, porque vas a que estés necesitas si quieres sobrevivir mi última trampa diabólica!\" \"Siempre sobrevivo sus trampas arteras Señora Felina!\" replicó O-Girl desafiante: \"Esta no será la excepción!\" \"No me banco en que O-Girrrrrl!\" Felina se rió entre dientes, \"Devon estaba más impresionado por su actuación en la cena de esta noche que quería mantenerlo como su esclavo privado, pero me temo que es demasiado peligroso para mantener viva! \"En cambio yo daré la señorita Adams a Devon como bienvenida vivienda actual. Estoy segura de que será suficiente como siervo sexo dispuesto! \" \"Torrie? ¡No! ¡Nunca! No voy a dejar que hagas eso a ella! \"O-Girl gritó. \"Lo siento querida, pero no tengo nada que decir en la materia!\" Felina respondió: \"¿Ves esta sala que está en la voluntad ser su lugar de descanso final! Es una pequeña celda acogedor no es él, un viejo abandonado refugio antiaéreo muy por debajo de los terrenos de La Casa de Campo de Devon. ! Nadie va a encontrar aquí abajo \" \"No eres más que me va a salir de aquí, ¿es eso?\", dijo O-Girl con valentía: \"Ven ahora Señora Felina - Eres normas están deslizando - no muy imaginativa es que ? Además, estoy seguro que voy a encontrar una manera de salir de aquí, una vez que consiga libre de estos bonos. \" \"Oh, no te preocupes O-Chica, tengo la intención de hacer su oferta escapar un poco más difícil!\" Felina rió. Ella se acercó y agarró O-Girl alrededor de la cintura, tirando la morena hasta sus pies Ella agarró las piernas y la colocó en el pequeño espacio en la red del metal -.. casi lo suficientemente amplia como para O-Girl para estar en \" Ahora ser un buen ratonil y permanecer allí! \"Felina dijo sarcásticamente,\" Tengo un pequeño regalo para usted! \"Los ojos de O-Girl se abrieron con horror cuando vio lo que era. Felina sacó un vibrador buscando ominosa y lo empujó más o menos en contra entrepierna de O-Girl. Luego, utilizando cinta adhesiva que sujeta firmemente en su lugar. Una vez que fue atado áspero entre las piernas juntas Niñas, Felina enciende el dispositivo y alteró la configuración a \"ALTO\". Al instante O-Girl comenzó a estremecerse y gritar al sentir las convulsiones ondulación a través de su vagina. Felina rió y caminó hacia la puerta, deteniéndose al llegar a él. \"No importa cuánto usted lucha O-Girl te aconsejo que te quedes inmóvil!\", le ordenó, moviendo el interruptor junto a ella. \"Acabo de activé la red eléctrica en el suelo a su alrededor. El simple toque enviará 1.000 voltios de electricidad surge a través de su cuerpo ! Baaaawwwwaaaaahhhhhaaaaaaahhhaaaaaahhhhh !\"O-Girl miró preocupada a la red que la rodeaba y luego miró a Felina con una mirada de desafío. Apretó los dientes mientras el vibrador continuó estimulando su coño. \"Bueno, ahora tengo que estar fuera de mi pequeña princesa púrpura,\" Felina se rió, \"Voy a cierro esta puerta de acero detrás de mí y entonces voy a estar solo en tu privado la cárcel! ¿Qué es esto O-Girl? n respuesta ingeniosa? n último gesto desafiante? Ya no me decepcionó! \" Con eso Felina cerró la puerta, sin dejar de reír en voz alta. O-Girl oyó lentamente el sonido de su risa malvada desaparecer en la distancia ... ********************************** ************************************** Parecía muchas horas habían pasado. O-Girl todavía estaba atrapado en el centro de una red eléctrica muy cargada, aún atado fuertemente, aún gimiendo en voz alta y todavía hay tiempo y el tiempo de correrse de nuevo. Su mente estaba empezando a vaciar de nuevo. Todo lo que podía pensar era en ese maldito vibrador entre sus deseos obsesivos encendidos una vez más ya que ahora la bienvenida a los orgasmos inevitables. Ella se retorció y se volvió con la esperanza de liberarse de sus ataduras, pero cuanto más se esforzaban el más estricto de las cuerdas se hicieron. \"Soooooo tt-apretado! Ccc-no puede get ¡gratis!\" Ella gimió, mientras otro orgasmo sacudió su cuerpo. \"Must ... .focus ... .concentrate ... .can't movt movimiento! Oh, Dios mío, oh, Ohhhhh!\" Sin embargo, otro orgasmo la golpeó como una ola ... y luego otro. cum caliente corría por sus muslos. \"¡Oh! ... Debe .concentrate ... tiene que encontrar fi ... .way cabo ... .ohhhhhhhhhhh!\" la doncella derrotado tarareaba mientras seguía al clímax. Podía sentir su mente vacía como su visión se nubló y se convirtió de mareo. En cualquier momento iba a desmayar y caer sobre la red eléctrica, freír con vida! O-Girl sabía que tenía que convocar a toda su poderosa voluntad de evitar que esto suceda. Valientemente ella trató de luchar contra ella. El más duro que trató de centrarse más vino. Fue una batalla constante, pero estaba empezando a superarlo. \"Si ... ..I ... ..could acaba ... râ € |â € |reach ... ..my ... ..util ... ..util ... ..utility cinturón !¡un cinturón!\" ella gimió. Otra ola de orgasmos la golpeó mientras ella se estremeció y gritó. No se puede mover sus brazos O-Girl sabía que tenía una sola oportunidad. Si podía alcanzar el pestillo en su cinturón justo por encima de su trasero, que podía soltarlo y dejar que la caída de la correa a la tierra. El contacto se haría con la red sería un cortocircuito en la carga eléctrica y luego de que pudiera moverse libremente. Como otro orgasmo placentero tambaleó su O-Girl logró liberar el cinturón. En el momento en que golpeó la red grandes chispas volaron de él siguió por el humo y otras pequeñas explosiones. El humo llenó la habitación con la luz por encima de ella encendió y luego murió. O-Girl ahora estaba libre de saltar alrededor de la habitación a voluntad -. No una gran ventaja, pero al menos ahora podía agáchese y llegar a la hoja oculta en su botín derechoLentamente O-Girl cortó gratis - todo el tiempo seguir clímax una y otra vez. Con el tiempo se las arregló para romper el vibrador de su cuerpo. . Sentado en el suelo, el alivio era obvio que ella se derrumbó y derivó en un sueño profundo Estén atentos para CAPÍTULO SEGUNDO DE O-GIRL: INVITADO DE HONOR La habitación estaba cubierto de oscuridad, pero podía oír los gemidos apagados de alguien que trata de liberarse de la esclavitud apretada. Después de haber experimentado esto en muchas ocasiones O-Girl sabía cuáles eran esos sonidos! Se dirigió lentamente a través de la oscuridad hacia los sonidos de la lucha que viene de una figura sentada. La heroína le susurró: \"?! Torrie Relax, soy yo, oh-Girl, voy pronto tengo fuera de este\" gemidos de Torrie se hizo más fuerte cuando escuchó esto. O-Girl dudó pero decidió continuar. \"Pobre Torrie!\" susurró, \"¿Qué han hecho?\"O-Girl era ahora de cerca a la figura y alcanzó su interior amarilla cinturón de herramientas de plástico para una pequeña brilló en el rostro de la víctima. Era, en efecto Torrie. Ella fue fuertemente amordazada y con los ojos vendados. De repente, como O-Girl retira la venda de los ojos, la habitación estaba envuelta en la luz brillante. Al instante la heroína núbil dio un salto y se tambaleó hacia atrás en estado de shock al ver que se enfrentó a ella. La habitación estaba llena de gente! Todos se sentaron alrededor de O-Girl y Torrie riendo evily y todos mirando hacia la morena aturdido. En el centro de la tripulación abigarrada destacado Señora Felina y su cómplice. \"¡No! ¡No puede ser! Devon Lust! Usted se enviaron a la cárcel!\" O-Girl se quedó sin aliento. Completamente paralizado por la visión de su viejo adversario, el luchador de látex crimen revestido fue tomada por sorpresa como dos bestias fornidos la agarró desde atrás tirando de los brazos más o menos. O-Girl luchó violentamente, pero no sirvió de nada, el control sobre ella era demasiado apretado. \"Como puede ver, O-Girl - ya no soy un golpe hacia arriba\" Devon se rió, \"Esto aquí es mi venida pequeña fiesta en casa!\" \"Pero no entiendo?\" O-Girl contestó, todavía luchando contra sus captores, \"Usted no estaba saldrá a la venta por otros 5 años! ¿Cómo saliste?\" \"Muy sencillo querida!\" Felina se rió entre dientes, \"hice arreglos para que un amigo mío para visitar la señorita Lujuria en la cárcel. Uno de mi pandilla. Ella plantea un parecido con Devon, así que con la ayuda de un poco de cirugía plástica, que ahora ha tomado el lugar de la señorita Lust tras las rejas ! Y sin duda Devon recompensará a su doble con un depósito en efectivo generosa en su cuenta bancaria a tiempo para su lanzamiento! Es increíble lo que nadie va a hacer por dinero! \" luchas de O-chicas eran cada vez menos frenética como la inutilidad de su situación pronto se convirtió en aparente. \"¿Qué pasa con la señorita Adams y yo? ¿De dónde venimos en ella?\" \"El Minx Negro insistido en que no podía tener un regreso a casa sin un presente!\" Devon regodeó, \"Usted mi querido es el invitado de honor! Tú y tu amigo el deliciosa señorita Adams. El tanto de ustedes han causado más problemas entre mí y mis socios reunidos aquí esta noche de todo el departamento de policía de la ciudad! Así que sólo está a la razón por la que como vuelva a la civilización - ustedes dos breve dejarlo ! \" O-Girl miró Torrie. Los ojos bastante de rubias se abrieron con horror y el ceño fruncido. Miró a O-Girl en la desesperación, con la esperanza de que su amiga iba a salvarlos de lo que el destino le mintió delante. Ella se alegró de ver la expresión de la heroína de la ira mientras ella continuó luchando contra los hombres la celebración pero no pasaría mucho tiempo antes de que la mirada de desafío sería arrasada ... **************************************** ******************************** O-Girl fue verdaderamente humillado. La comida en honor de Devon había comenzado pero la belleza vestida de color púrpura no estaba esperando el papel que estaba jugando ahora. Ella y Torrie se había mantenido en el centro de la marquesina y atado de espaldas a la gran poste de metal manteniendo el techo alto. Sus brazos estaban atados al poste y varias tiras de cuero grandes habían sujetado alrededor de sus cuerpos. Alrededor de su cuello, por encima de sus pechos jadeantes, alrededor de sus estómagos, las caderas, los muslos, las pantorrillas y los tobillos. Las correas fueron sacados apretado para las bellezas unidas exprimido contra el pilar dura entre ellos. Finalmente varios rollos de cinta adhesiva se envuelven alrededor de la cabeza y sobre sus bocas. Ninguna de las chicas amordazados podía moverse. O-Girl no dejar de intentarlo, pero casi no se movió Torrie en absoluto. Las tablas se han creado alrededor de las heroínas atado y arreglado para que tocaron sus estómagos. Platos de comida encantadora fueron dispuestas alrededor de ellos. O-Girl frunció el ceño cuando se dio cuenta de lo que los demonios estaban haciendo falta, que utilizaban los combatientes del crimen fuertemente unidos como una pieza central de su buffet! La mayoría de la gente se conformó con un arreglo de flores o una escultura detallada hielo. Pero este fue el Minx Negro y lo que podría ser mejor para el regreso a casa del mal Devon Lust? Un abogado exquisito y una impresionante super heroína fuertemente unido y gimiendo - como enemigos del pasado ayudaron a sí mismos a un vol-au-vent y un agarre rápido de un tit atado o dos ! Era tal indignidad para dos de las mujeres más poderosas en la ciudad. Cautivo detenido a manos de tantos delincuentes que ayudaron a poner distancia en el pasado. O-Girl se puso furioso. Luchó con locura a soltarse de sus ataduras, pero las correas parecía tirar con más fuerza. De vez en cuando, un villano ruin que reconoció que caminar más allá y ayudar a su ser a un puñado de nueces sin tanto como un párpado de bateo en la belleza unida frente a ellos. A veces uno podría mirar hacia arriba y sonreír a O-Girl. Por lo general se lanzó de nuevo una mirada de ira que se convirtió rápidamente en horror como el malhechor riendo agarró un puñado de carne teta y acarició más o menos mientras hablaba con un colega. \"Bastards !\" pensó, \"Me están utilizando como una especie de muñeca de juguete! No van a salirse con la suya!\" Sus pensamientos de venganza fueron súbitamente cortados como Devon Lust se acercó a ella. \"Es sólo caí en la cuenta de que O-Girl He estado descuidando usted! \" se regodeó, \"Quiero decir ... usted es el invitado de honor y yo soy el anfitrión que debería estar tratando a usted mucho mejor que esto no importa -.. Tengo un poco de algo aquí que te mantendrá ocupado y dar a mis amigos un poco de luz entretenimiento, ya que meter en su comida. \" O-Girl frunció el ceño ante el objeto. Era un vibrador - su única debilidad. Cerró los ojos con fuerza mientras el dispositivo se enciende. Un zumbido suave se oyó como Devon Lust empujó el gadget bajo la entrepierna de O-Girl. Instantáneamente O-Girl comenzó a gemir. Aunque no está en contacto con la vagina vibrador se presionó duramente contra su uniforme. El villianess vil empató contra el muslo derecho del O-Girl y lo dejó allí para hacer su trabajo.\"Sin olvidar que la señorita Adams!\" Ella se rió, \"Tengo uno para ti también!\" Los ojos de Torrie se abrieron en la ira. Era un abogado de la ciudad superior - profesional y directo - cómo podría se la sujeta a semejante prueba? Pero su decisión fue debilitando. Su única esperanza estaba atado firmemente detrás de ella. Con O-Girl fuera de combate que conocía los demonios podían hacer lo que quisieran con ella! El dispositivo fue puesto bajo su falda corta y presionó más o menos contra su coño húmedo. Atado a la pierna del objeto con forma de falo empezó a tararear y vibrar con violencia. Ella comenzó a gemir al instante. Torrie podría oye sonidos de éxtasis procedentes de detrás de ella. Al menos ella supuso que era el éxtasis - que sonaba más como gritos de dolor. De hecho, O-Girl se sentía una mezcla de placer y dolor en este momento. Cada villano en la ciudad sabía su terrible debilidad y el muchacho, lo hizo alguna vez lo utilizan para su ventaja! O-Girl fue una vez más en los tiros de otro orgasmo glorioso. Los odiaba tanto. Le encantaba estar en control, pero cuando vibró su cuerpo y el alma se amotinaron contra ella. Como la pasión brotó en su interior, el sonido del zumbido comenzó a llegar al vestido de cuero belleza. Ella miró por entre la chusma se sentó a su alrededor - con la esperanza de encontrar algún alivio de alguna parte. Pero no iba a venir. Ella trató de mantener la calma y concentrarse pero entonces el vibrador parecía a una velocidad superior. \"La perra!\" pensó, \"Ella ha equipado esta cosa con un control automático. Oh, Dios mío! Se está haciendo más rápido! Oh My!\" mente de O-Girl lentamente comenzó a vaciar lo único que podía pensar era en ese dispositivo cobarde clavado en su vagina.\"MMMMPPPPPPPPHHHHHHHHFFFFFFFFFF ! \" ella gritó en su mordaza. La morena obligado sacudió violentamente, empujando sus caderas y salir, pero no había nada que pudiera hacer. Torrie también estaba gimiendo y gimiendo en éxtasis, pero O-Girl ahora era indiferente a su amiga. Su mente se ha ido, todo lo que podía pensar era en que las vibraciones incesantes entre sus piernas. \"Mmmmmppppppphhhhhhhhffffff, Mmmmmmppppphhhhhhhfffffff !\" ella gemía una y otra vez, el orgasmo construyendo en su interior. Los ojos de O-Girl fuertemente cerrados mientras ella llegó a su clímax una y otra vez, abriendo brevemente sólo para ver a varios hombres pasan por ella sin tanto como un parpadeo en sus expresiones, ya que ellos mismos ayudaron a cortar limpiamente sándwiches de salmón. Era como si ella ni siquiera estaba allí. La presencia de O-Girl también fue ignorada por su amiga. Larga Torrie se había olvidado de su amante Superheroine como ella también gritó de placer mientras ola tras ola de clímax golpeó su cuerpo. Ambas mujeres estaban ahora jadeando y sudando profusamente. El Minx Negro había ganado. Sus enemigos vencidos colgaban en sus lazos estrechos que sus ojos miraban fijamente a las paredes de la carpa. El villano vil y su colega traviesa Devon Lust, rieron hasta bien entrada la noche, bebiendo champán y charlando con los hué vez en cuando Felina miró a O-Girl, sonrió y dio la belleza torturado a un guiño de complicidad. O-Girl, frunciendo el ceño, miró hacia atrás a su captor - preguntándose cuánto tiempo mantendría cautiva. ¿Cuántas cummings más forzada que ella tuvo que soportar y lo que el destino le tenía en mente para ella? Estas preguntas tuvieron que esperar como la zorra violado estremeció cuando otro clímax glorioso sacudió su cuerpo. O-Girl gritó en su mordaza, una vez más, sus ojos parpadearon y lentamente se desmayaron. Devon Lust se rió a carcajadas al ver a su adversario caído y el goteo de esperma caliente corriendo por los muslos de O-Girl. ************************* *********************************************** Cuando O- Chica finalmente dio la vuelta - la situación no había mejorado. Ella se movió un poco y de repente sus ojos se abrieron de golpe. Se encontró acostado en una especie de rejilla metálica en una pequeña habitación. No había nada en la habitación excepto una bombilla que colgaba del techo, una especie de interruptor en la pared junto a la puerta de metal y un pequeño claro en la parrilla del próximo donde O-Girl yacía indefenso. La heroína intentó mover los brazos, pero encontró que estaban atadas firmemente detrás de ella en las muñecas y los codos. Supuso que era el caso dado el enorme dolor que sentía y el hecho de sus pechos se sobresale más de lo habitual. Más cuerdas atadas alrededor de su cuerpo, manteniendo los brazos cubrió detrás de ella. Sus piernas también estaban atados juntos en los muslos, las rodillas y los tobillos. O-Girl enrollado alrededor furiosamente, tratando desesperadamente de liberarse de sus ataduras. Como de costumbre sus luchas fueron inútiles, ya que sólo sirvió para hacer las cuerdas alrededor de su más y más fuerte aún. O-Girl no estaba dispuesto a renunciar a pesar de que, Torrie estaba a la vista, tenía que liberarse de alguna manera y rescatar a su amiga antes de que fuera demasiado tarde. Después de lo que parecieron horas de frenética, que lucha en vano, la puerta de su celda se abrió y entró Señora Felina. O-Girl lanzó una mirada de ira pura hacia el villano grotesco. \"Ahhhhhh! O-Girrrrrrl!\" Felina ronroneó, \"Veo que no has perdido esa determinación de los suyos. Eso es bueno, porque vas a que estés necesitas si quieres sobrevivir mi última trampa diabólica!\" \"Siempre sobrevivo sus trampas arteras Señora Felina!\" replicó O-Girl desafiante: \"Esta no será la excepción!\" \"No me banco en que O-Girrrrrl!\" Felina se rió entre dientes, \"Devon estaba más impresionado por su actuación en la cena de esta noche que quería mantenerlo como su esclavo privado, pero me temo que es demasiado peligroso para mantener viva! \"En cambio yo daré la señorita Adams a Devon como bienvenida vivienda actual. Estoy segura de que será suficiente como siervo sexo dispuesto! \" \"Torrie? ¡No! ¡Nunca! No voy a dejar que hagas eso a ella! \"O-Girl gritó. \"Lo siento querida, pero no tengo nada que decir en la materia!\" Felina respondió: \"¿Ves esta sala que está en la voluntad ser su lugar de descanso final! Es una pequeña celda acogedor no es él, un viejo abandonado refugio antiaéreo muy por debajo de los terrenos de La Casa de Campo de Devon. ! Nadie va a encontrar aquí abajo \" \"No eres más que me va a salir de aquí, ¿es eso?\", dijo O-Girl con valentía: \"Ven ahora Señora Felina - Eres normas están deslizando - no muy imaginativa es que ? Además, estoy seguro que voy a encontrar una manera de salir de aquí, una vez que consiga libre de estos bonos. \" \"Oh, no te preocupes O-Chica, tengo la intención de hacer su oferta escapar un poco más difícil!\" Felina rió. Ella se acercó y agarró O-Girl alrededor de la cintura, tirando la morena hasta sus pies Ella agarró las piernas y la colocó en el pequeño espacio en la red del metal -.. casi lo suficientemente amplia como para O-Girl para estar en \" Ahora ser un buen ratonil y permanecer allí! \"Felina dijo sarcásticamente,\" Tengo un pequeño regalo para usted! \"Los ojos de O-Girl se abrieron con horror cuando vio lo que era. Felina sacó un vibrador buscando ominosa y lo empujó más o menos en contra entrepierna de O-Girl. Luego, utilizando cinta adhesiva que sujeta firmemente en su lugar. Una vez que fue atado áspero entre las piernas juntas Niñas, Felina enciende el dispositivo y alteró la configuración a \"ALTO\". Al instante O-Girl comenzó a estremecerse y gritar al sentir las convulsiones ondulación a través de su vagina. Felina rió y caminó hacia la puerta, deteniéndose al llegar a él. \"No importa cuánto usted lucha O-Girl te aconsejo que te quedes inmóvil!\", le ordenó, moviendo el interruptor junto a ella. \"Acabo de activé la red eléctrica en el suelo a su alrededor. El simple toque enviará 1.000 voltios de electricidad surge a través de su cuerpo ! Baaaawwwwaaaaahhhhhaaaaaaahhhaaaaaahhhhh !\" O-Girl miró preocupada a la red que la rodeaba y luego miró a Felina con una mirada de desafío. Apretó los dientes mientras el vibrador continuó estimulando su coño. \"Bueno, ahora tengo que estar fuera de mi pequeña princesa púrpura,\" Felina se rió, \"Voy a cierro esta puerta de acero detrás de mí y entonces voy a estar solo en tu privado la cárcel! ¿Qué es esto O-Girl? n respuesta ingeniosa? n último gesto desafiante? Ya no me decepcionó! \" Con eso Felina cerró la puerta, sin dejar de reír en voz alta. O-Girl oyó lentamente el sonido de su risa malvada desaparecer en la distancia ...********************************** ************************************** Parecía muchas horas habían pasado.O-Girl todavía estaba atrapado en el centro de una red eléctrica muy cargada, aún atado fuertemente, aún gimiendo en voz alta y todavía hay tiempo y el tiempo de correrse de nuevo. Su mente estaba empezando a vaciar de nuevo. Todo lo que podía pensar era en ese maldito vibrador entre sus piernas. Sus deseos obsesivos encendidos una vez más ya que ahora la bienvenida a los orgasmos inevitables. Ella se retorció y se volvió con la esperanza de liberarse de sus ataduras, pero cuanto más se esforzaban el más estricto de las cuerdas se hicieron. \"Soooooo tt-apretado! Ccc-no puede get ¡gratis!\" Ella gimió, mientras otro orgasmo sacudió su cuerpo. \"Must ... .focus ... .concentrate ... .can't movt movimiento! Oh, Dios mío, oh, Ohhhhh!\" Sin embargo, otro orgasmo la golpeó como una ola ... y luego otro. cum caliente corría por sus muslos. \"¡Oh! ... Debe .concentrate ... tiene que encontrar fi ... .way cabo ... .ohhhhhhhhhhh!\" la doncella derrotado tarareaba mientras seguía al clímax. Podía sentir su mente vacía como su visión se nubló y se convirtió de mareo. En cualquier momento iba a desmayar y caer sobre la red eléctrica, freír con vida! O-Girl sabía que tenía que convocar a toda su poderosa voluntad de evitar que esto suceda. Valientemente ella trató de luchar contra ella. El más duro que trató de centrarse más vino. Fue una batalla constante, pero estaba empezando a superarlo. \"Si ... ..I ... ..could acaba ... râ € |â € |reach ... ..my ... ..util ... ..util ... ..utility cinturón !¡un cinturón!\" ella gimió. Otra ola de orgasmos la golpeó mientras ella se estremeció y gritó. No se puede mover sus brazos O-Girl sabía que tenía una sola oportunidad. Si podía alcanzar el pestillo en su cinturón justo por encima de su trasero, que podía soltarlo y dejar que la caída de la correa a la tierra. El contacto se haría con la red sería un cortocircuito en la carga eléctrica y luego de que pudiera moverse libremente. Como otro orgasmo placentero tambaleó su O-Girl logró liberar el cinturón. En el momento en que golpeó la red grandes chispas volaron de él siguió por el humo y otras pequeñas explosiones. El humo llenó la habitación con la luz por encima de ella encendió y luego murió. O-Girl ahora estaba libre de saltar alrededor de la habitación a voluntad -. No una gran ventaja, pero al menos ahora podía agáchese y llegar a la hoja oculta en su botín derecho Lentamente O-Girl cortó gratis - todo el tiempo seguir clímax una y otra vez. Con el tiempo se las arregló para romper el vibrador de su cuerpo. . Sentado en el suelo, el alivio era obvio que ella se derrumbó y derivó en un sueño profundo Estén atentos para CAPÍTULO SEGUNDO DE O-GIRL: INVITADO DE HONOR Siempre sobrevivo sus trampas arteras Señora Felina! \", Replicó O-Girl desafiante:\" Esta no será la excepción! \" \"No me banco en que O-Girrrrrl!\" Felina se rió entre dientes, \"Devon estaba más impresionado por su actuación en la cena esta noche que quería mantenerlo como su esclavo privado, pero me temo que es demasiado peligroso para mantener viva! \"En cambio yo daré la señorita Adams a Devon como una casa de regalo de bienvenida. Estoy segura de que será suficiente como dispuesto siervo sexo! \" \"Torrie? ¡No! No! No voy a dejar que lo hagas con ella!\" O-Girl gritó. \"Lo siento querida, pero no tengo nada que decir en la materia!\" Felina respondió: \"¿Ves esta sala que está en que será su lugar de descanso final! Es un poco acogedor celular no es él, un viejo abandonado refugio antiaéreo muy por debajo de los terrenos de La Casa de Campo de Devon. Nadie va a encontrar aquí abajo! \" \"No eres más que me va a salir de aquí, ¿es eso?\" O-Girl dijo con valentía: \"Ven ahora Señora Felina - eres normas están deslizando -. No muy imaginativo es que además, estoy seguro que voy a encontrar una manera de salir de aquí, una vez que consiga libre de estos bonos\" \" Oh no te preocupes O-Chica, tengo la intención de hacer su oferta escapar un poco más difícil! \" Felina rió. Ella se acercó y agarró O-Girl alrededor de la cintura, tirando la morena hasta sus pies. Ella agarró las piernas y la colocó en el pequeño espacio en la red del metal - casi lo suficientemente amplia como para O-Girl para estar en.\"Ahora es un buen ratonil y permanecer allí!\" Felina dijo sarcásticamente, \"Tengo un regalito para ti!\" Los ojos de O-Girl se abrieron con horror cuando vio lo que era. Felina sacó un vibrador buscando ominosa y lo empujó más o menos contra la entrepierna de O-Girl. Luego, utilizando cinta adhesiva que sujeta firmemente en su lugar. Una vez que fue atado aproximadamente entre O-Chicas piernas, Felina enciende el dispositivo y alteró la configuración a \"ALTO\". Instantáneamente O-Girl comenzó a estremecerse y gritar al sentir las convulsiones ondulación a través de su vagina. Felina rió y caminó hacia la puerta, deteniéndose al llegar a él. \"No importa cuánto usted lucha O-Girl te aconsejo que te quedes inmóvil ! \" -ordenó, agitando el interruptor al lado de ella. \"Acabo de activé la red eléctrica en el suelo a su alrededor. El simple toque enviará 1.000 voltios de electricidad surge a través de su cuerpo ! Baaaawwwwaaaaahhhhhaaaaaaahhhaaaaaahhhhh !\" O-Girl miró preocupada a la red que la rodeaba y luego miró a Felina con una mirada de desafío. Apretó los dientes mientras el vibrador continuó estimulando su coño. \"Bueno, ahora tengo que estar fuera de mi pequeña princesa púrpura,\" Felina se rió, \"Voy a cierro esta puerta de acero detrás de mí y entonces voy a estar solo en tu privado la cárcel! ¿Qué es esto O-Girl? n respuesta ingeniosa? n último gesto desafiante? Ya no me decepcionó! \" Con eso Felina cerró la puerta, sin dejar de reír en voz alta. O-Girl oyó lentamente el sonido de su risa malvada desaparecer en la distancia ... ********************************** ************************************** Parecía muchas horas habían pasado. O-Girl todavía estaba atrapado en el centro de una red eléctrica muy cargada, aún atado fuertemente, aún gimiendo en voz alta y todavía hay tiempo y el tiempo de correrse de nuevo. Su mente estaba empezando a vaciar de nuevo. Todo lo que podía pensar era en ese maldito vibrador entre sus deseos obsesivos encendidos una vez más ya que ahora la bienvenida a los orgasmos inevitables. Ella se retorció y se volvió con la esperanza de liberarse de sus ataduras, pero cuanto más se esforzaban el más estricto de las cuerdas se hicieron. \"Soooooo tt-apretado! Ccc-no puede get ¡gratis!\" Ella gimió, mientras otro orgasmo sacudió su cuerpo. \"Must ... .focus ... .concentrate ... .can't movt movimiento! Oh, Dios mío, oh, Ohhhhh!\" Sin embargo, otro orgasmo la golpeó como una ola ... y luego otro. cum caliente corría por sus muslos. \"¡Oh! ... Debe .concentrate ... tiene que encontrar fi ... .way cabo ... .ohhhhhhhhhhh!\" la doncella derrotado tarareaba mientras seguía al clímax. Podía sentir su mente vacía como su visión se nubló y se convirtió de mareo. En cualquier momento iba a desmayar y caer sobre la red eléctrica, freír con vida! O-Girl sabía que tenía que convocar a toda su poderosa voluntad de evitar que esto suceda. Valientemente ella trató de luchar contra ella. El más duro que trató de centrarse más vino. Fue una batalla constante, pero estaba empezando a superarlo. \"Si ... ..I ... ..could acaba ... râ € |â € |reach ... ..my ... ..util ... ..util ... ..utility cinturón !¡un cinturón!\" ella gimió. Otra ola de orgasmos la golpeó mientras ella se estremeció y gritó. No se puede mover sus brazos O-Girl sabía que tenía una sola oportunidad. Si podía alcanzar el pestillo en su cinturón justo por encima de su trasero, que podía soltarlo y dejar que la caída de la correa a la tierra. El contacto se haría con la red sería un cortocircuito en la carga eléctrica y luego de que pudiera moverse libremente. Como otro orgasmo placentero tambaleó su O-Girl logró liberar el cinturón. En el momento en que golpeó la red grandes chispas volaron de él siguió por el humo y otras pequeñas explosiones. El humo llenó la habitación con la luz por encima de ella encendió y luego murió. O-Girl ahora estaba libre de saltar alrededor de la habitación a voluntad -. No una gran ventaja, pero al menos ahora podía agáchese y llegar a la hoja oculta en su botín derechoLentamente O-Girl cortó gratis - todo el tiempo seguir clímax una y otra vez. Con el tiempo se las arregló para romper el vibrador de su cuerpo. . Sentado en el suelo, el alivio era obvio que ella se derrumbó y derivó en un sueño profundo Estén atentos para CAPÍTULO SEGUNDO DE O-GIRL: INVITADO DE HONOR Siempre sobrevivo sus trampas arteras Señora Felina! \", Replicó O-Girl desafiante:\" Esta no será la excepción! \" \"No me banco en que O-Girrrrrl!\" Felina se rió entre dientes, \"Devon estaba más impresionado por su actuación en la cena esta noche que quería mantenerlo como su esclavo privado, pero me temo que es demasiado peligroso para mantener viva! \"En cambio yo daré la señorita Adams a Devon como una casa de regalo de bienvenida. Estoy segura de que será suficiente como dispuesto siervo sexo! \" \"Torrie? ¡No! No! No voy a dejar que lo hagas con ella!\" O-Girl gritó. \"Lo siento querida, pero no tengo nada que decir en la materia!\" Felina respondió: \"¿Ves esta sala que está en que será su lugar de descanso final! Es un poco acogedor celular no es él, un viejo abandonado refugio antiaéreo muy por debajo de los terrenos de La Casa de Campo de Devon. Nadie va a encontrar aquí abajo! \" \"No eres más que me va a salir de aquí, ¿es eso?\" O-Girl dijo con valentía: \"Ven ahora Señora Felina - eres normas están deslizando -. No muy imaginativo es que además, estoy seguro que voy a encontrar una manera de salir de aquí, una vez que consiga libre de estos bonos\" \" Oh no te preocupes O-Chica, tengo la intención de hacer su oferta escapar un poco más difícil! \" Felina rió. Ella se acercó y agarró O-Girl alrededor de la cintura, tirando la morena hasta sus pies. Ella agarró las piernas y la colocó en el pequeño espacio en la red del metal - casi lo suficientemente amplia como para O-Girl para estar en. \"Ahora es un buen ratonil y permanecer allí!\" Felina dijo sarcásticamente, \"Tengo un regalito para ti!\" Los ojos de O-Girl se abrieron con horror cuando vio lo que era. Felina sacó un vibrador buscando ominosa y lo empujó más o menos contra la entrepierna de O-Girl. Luego, utilizando cinta adhesiva que sujeta firmemente en su lugar. Una vez que fue atado aproximadamente entre O-Chicas piernas, Felina enciende el dispositivo y alteró la configuración a \"ALTO\". Instantáneamente O-Girl comenzó a estremecerse y gritar al sentir las convulsiones ondulación a través de su rió y caminó hacia la puerta, deteniéndose al llegar a él. \"No importa cuánto usted lucha O-Girl te aconsejo que te quedes inmóvil ! \" -ordenó, agitando el interruptor al lado de ella. \"Acabo de activé la red eléctrica en el suelo a su alrededor. El simple toque enviará 1.000 voltios de electricidad surge a través de su cuerpo ! Baaaawwwwaaaaahhhhhaaaaaaahhhaaaaaahhhhh !\"O-Girl miró preocupada a la red que la rodeaba y luego miró a Felina con una mirada de desafío. Apretó los dientes mientras el vibrador continuó estimulando su coño. \"Bueno, ahora tengo que estar fuera de mi pequeña princesa púrpura,\" Felina se rió, \"Voy a cierro esta puerta de acero detrás de mí y entonces voy a estar solo en tu privado la cárcel! ¿Qué es esto O-Girl? n respuesta ingeniosa? n último gesto desafiante? Ya no me decepcionó! \" Con eso Felina cerró la puerta, sin dejar de reír en voz alta. O-Girl oyó lentamente el sonido de su risa malvada desaparecer en la distancia ... ********************************** ************************************** Parecía muchas horas habían pasado. O-Girl todavía estaba atrapado en el centro de una red eléctrica muy cargada, aún atado fuertemente, aún gimiendo en voz alta y todavía hay tiempo y el tiempo de correrse de nuevo. Su mente estaba empezando a vaciar de nuevo. Todo lo que podía pensar era en ese maldito vibrador entre sus deseos obsesivos encendidos una vez más ya que ahora la bienvenida a los orgasmos inevitables. Ella se retorció y se volvió con la esperanza de liberarse de sus ataduras, pero cuanto más se esforzaban el más estricto de las cuerdas se hicieron. \"Soooooo tt-apretado! Ccc-no puede get ¡gratis!\" Ella gimió, mientras otro orgasmo sacudió su cuerpo. \"Must ... .focus ... .concentrate ... .can't movt movimiento! Oh, Dios mío, oh, Ohhhhh!\" Sin embargo, otro orgasmo la golpeó como una ola ... y luego otro. cum caliente corría por sus muslos. \"¡Oh! ... Debe .concentrate ... tiene que encontrar fi ... .way cabo ... .ohhhhhhhhhhh!\" la doncella derrotado tarareaba mientras seguía al clímax. Podía sentir su mente vacía como su visión se nubló y se convirtió de mareo. En cualquier momento iba a desmayar y caer sobre la red eléctrica, freír con vida! O-Girl sabía que tenía que convocar a toda su poderosa voluntad de evitar que esto suceda. Valientemente ella trató de luchar contra ella. El más duro que trató de centrarse más vino. Fue una batalla constante, pero estaba empezando a superarlo. \"Si ... ..I ... ..could acaba ... râ € |â € |reach ... ..my ... ..util ... ..util ... ..utility cinturón !¡un cinturón!\" ella gimió. Otra ola de orgasmos la golpeó mientras ella se estremeció y gritó. No se puede mover sus brazos O-Girl sabía que tenía una sola oportunidad. Si podía alcanzar el pestillo en su cinturón justo por encima de su trasero, que podía soltarlo y dejar que la caída de la correa a la tierra. El contacto se haría con la red sería un cortocircuito en la carga eléctrica y luego de que pudiera moverse libremente. Como otro orgasmo placentero tambaleó su O-Girl logró liberar el cinturón. En el momento en que golpeó la red grandes chispas volaron de él siguió por el humo y otras pequeñas explosiones. El humo llenó la habitación con la luz por encima de ella encendió y luego murió. O-Girl ahora estaba libre de saltar alrededor de la habitación a voluntad -. No una gran ventaja, pero al menos ahora podía agáchese y llegar a la hoja oculta en su botín derechoLentamente O-Girl cortó gratis - todo el tiempo seguir clímax una y otra vez. Con el tiempo se las arregló para romper el vibrador de su cuerpo. . Sentado en el suelo, el alivio era obvio que ella se derrumbó y derivó en un sueño profundo Estén atentos para CAPÍTULO SEGUNDO DE O-GIRL: INVITADO DE HONOR ","Summary":" Cualesquiera otros personajes son mi propia creación. Esta historia pretende ser un homenaje al per"},{"Movie":"(500) Days of Summer","Title":"Lost story of boss tem","Author":"Dream Eatter666","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11736293","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Heh… heh… heh… you may know me but wait NO YOU DON'T I AM THE BOSS TEM IN UNDERTALE but a friend of the creator said I was to disturbing… heh… eventually I was removed from the game but sometimes hate can be so real it turns into determination some people need to know since when were you the one in control….. I left undertale with a hatchet a brick a lighter and chine also spruce wood I crawled out of the friends' computer into the house of HIM Gabe lions I found him asleep in bed I tied him up in I a chair I found in his room with the chain he woke up Gabe. \"WHATS GOING ON W-WHO ARE YOU?\" Me temmy. \"You know who I am.\" Gabe. \"You look like a human or demon version of The Boss Temmy\" I looked in the merrier I saw I had beautiful black hair running down to my knee swirly purple eyes a yellow/ blue striped tank top and pal white skin no shoes those Me \"HAHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHHAHA\" Gabe \"w-what's so funny?\" Me \"who says you're the one in control?\" I put the wood around him and the wood touching the chair I used the lighter to make a spark and in 30 minutes his house was on fire I ran into the woods…. There in the pitch black darkness I heard a voice two voices three voices I ran to the spot I heard the voices I saw a man with a painted on smile a red dog with an evil grin attacking a girl with a knife I ran too someone's side we murder the girl the man's name was Jeff we traveled around the world killing people…. The Rest Is Up To Your imagination ","Summary":" Heh… heh… heh… you may know me but wait NO YOU DON'T I AM THE BOSS TEM IN UNDERTALE but a friend of"},{"Movie":"(500) Days of Summer","Title":"Thunderstruck","Author":"Morgan Deschain","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6760141","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ni los personajes ni la trama principal me pertenecen, yo solo le di otra vuelta a la historia. A pesar de que fue muy real y me gustó, creo que estos dos merecían otro final. Así que se los di. Thunderstruck Cuando la vio por primera vez, no solo quedó atónito ante su belleza, sino ante todo lo que significaba mirarla, encontrarse con ella en tan insignificante lugar, sintiendo que las piezas encajaban en el plan del universo finalmente; que el destino se acercaba a él corriendo a máxima velocidad de la mano de una sonrisa clara, única como la de ella. Se sintió paralizado antes de hablar con Summer por primera vez (ante un simple «Hola»), también cuando descubrió que tenían tanto en común, e incluso antes de hacer el amor. Se quedó atónito ante sus palabras, su modo de pensar, de ver la vida y el amor… Ante su hilarante insensibilidad innata; ante las sinceras palabras que soltaba en un ambiente tranquilo, para que, al chocar contra el aletargado entendimiento de Tom, aún si la herida que causaba era profunda, no doliera tanto. Y, apenas sin detenerse a pensarlo dos segundos, se incorporaba risueña, dispuesta a realizar alguna otra locura, incluyéndolo, sonriéndole, tomándole la mano. Dejándolo más aturdido que antes. Mayor había sido el efecto cuando comprendió, desconcertado, la verdad... la gravedad del asunto. Pero Summer no notó nada de eso. No sintió la parálisis, no se desconcertó ante su mirada, no enmudeció al verlo. Para ella era solamente otro chico que conoció por casualidad, otra persona. Aunque con él se llevaba bien. Le gustaba . Se lo repetía a menudo. Le gustaba decirle cuánto le gustaba. Tom era interesante. Tom sabía, por su parte, que todo eso era porque Summer intentaba huir del tema del amor . Ella era una no-creyente. Sabía que no le gustaban las etiquetas, las parejas ni permitirse ir demasiado lejos. Sí, él sabía un par de cosas sobre Summer. Y sí, Tom le gustaba… pero, como siempre le ocurría, luego pasó . Pasó la vida. Y entonces conoció a su destino, creyó, y se dijo a sí misma «Tom tenía razón». O eso supuso. Tom, por su parte, continuó con su vida. Y conoció a su Autumn… ¿La verdad? Nunca creyó que «su destino» sería un bucle. Después de algún tiempo, Summer por fin logró entender cómo funcionaba esa cosa que solían llamar destino. Bah, no exactamente cómo, pero de alguna manera lo comprendió. Se movía despacio por unos hilos entrelazados, alborotados, pero perfectos como una tela de araña. Un complejo trabajo que iba uniendo vidas y almas. Algo que no actuaba en orden, pero que, como un niño encaprichado, siempre conseguía lo que quería. Tarde o temprano. Summer no creyó, no vio y no lo entendió. Luego, se encontró con Tom. De nuevo con él, después de tres años y medio de separarse de su ex-marido. En ese preciso momento pensó que no lo había superado. De alguna manera, nunca había logrado olvidarse de él . Porque hacía mucho, mucho tiempo que no sentía a su corazón latir de esa manera tan desesperada contra su pecho, como si estuviera a punto de hacer una muy grande estupidez. Lo observó parado enfrente a una vidriera, mirando con poco interés unos productos que se exhibían y hablando por celular. Titubeó un momento paralizada, pero nunca fue chica con tapujos. Cuando lo vio cortar la llamada, se acercó a él con una leve sonrisa y soltó un «¡Tom!», que intentó que sonara lo más natural posible. Se giró a verla, algo aturdido por volver a escuchar su voz, con un traje que lo hacía ver aún más elegante y más guapo de lo que había estado tiempo atrás, cuando le dijo unas últimas palabras en el parque. Sintió que otra vez se entumecía; no supo si su corazón latió más deprisa o más despacio, tal vez intentando coordinarse con la velocidad de sus pensamientos. Intercambiaron unas pocas palabras en aquel momento, pero quedaron en compartir un café dos días después en un lugar elegido por ella. Fue Tom el que se alejó, porque ya estaba llegando tarde a una importante reunión que no podía perderse. Summer todavía le recuerda (para fastidio de él) cómo se giró una última vez a sonreírle antes de doblar en la esquina y chocó a una anciana que venía de frente (casualmente, la señora terminó siendo la madrina de su primer hijo). Tom aún recuerda el momento tortuoso de la despedida, los años que le siguieron y también el desconcertante encuentro. Y todavía lo describe todo con asombro, diciendo que toda la situación era de las que te dejaban estupefacto . Summer ríe y, aunque antes de casarse con Tom no lo creía, le susurra al oído que el destino suele dejarte atónito… hasta que por fin lo notas, bailoteando bajo tus narices. ","Summary":" Ni los personajes ni la trama principal me pertenecen, yo solo le di otra vuelta a la historia. A p"},{"Movie":"(500) Days of Summer","Title":"当九翻转归零","Author":"sandwichburger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12829731","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 当九翻转归零 When The Nines Roll Over 1 风骚小茉莉 那是一只很小的猫，也许出生不过一周，小到让他想起耗子。毛色灰白相间，应该就是最普通的家猫。当然他也不是很确定，他对猫知之甚少。 那猫趴在男孩曲起的膝头，毛发看上去甚至有点湿漉漉的，眼睛半开不开，正努力昂着脑袋，拼命在空中挥舞着细小的前爪试图抓住男孩手里的奶瓶。 \"千万别告诉我这是你从大街上捡来的，天晓得这些家伙身上会带着什么你不知道的东西…\"，他看着对方说。 男孩坐在他的床上，将握在手里的微型奶嘴凑近那只看上去可怜兮兮的猫咪，它真的是太小了。奶嘴在猫的口中停留了几秒，有奶液漏出来，滴在男孩的膝盖上。男孩没有抬眼看他，只是略显生疏地将奶嘴抽出来，又不慌不忙地清理自己的腿。 \"当然不是，路过宠物收养中心领来的。\"男孩说。 \"我知道你是半个法国人又或是什么的，但是在这儿，在美国\"，他说，手指冲下指了指地面，\"领养宠物可是件大事，你就不觉得有必要知会我一声？\" 男孩将微型奶瓶搁在床边的小柜子上，扭过脸来看他，露出一个随意的笑容，\"我是有一半法国血统，但我可以向你保证\"，他说着张开双臂，像是打算彻底接受什么检验，\"我这个人从内到外，是百分百纯正的美国人。作为美国人，我觉得我们把很多事情都弄得复杂了。只是一只猫咪而已，你不喜欢的话我可以交给朋友，放轻松。\" 他双手插在卡其色长裤的口袋里背靠着对面的墙壁站立，屋内只开了一盏床头的橘色小灯，有隐约的海浪声从没关紧的窗缝里传进来，显得偌大的卧室有些空旷和昏暗。他直起腰身走到床沿前站定，看着还在摆弄猫咪的男孩。 男孩穿着件印有\"纽约喷气机队\"的庞大T恤。那是件被他压箱底很多年但却依然有印象的衣服，已经松懈的圆领有些外翻，随意地耷拉在男孩的锁骨上，他还在琢磨对方是什么时候把它翻出来的。 \"你知道自己这么频繁地往返东西海岸，是不会有时间照顾它的对吧？\"他问。 \"是她，不是它\"，男孩纠正道，一根手指挑起那个小东西仔细打量，眼神中充满的是孩童般的好奇，而不是\"为人父母\"该有的周全考虑，好像只是想知道它的身体究竟能有多软，\"都说了不用你操心，不行的话我可以交给朋友。\" \"是吗，那个说你'从内到外百分百美国'的朋友吗？\"他笑，鼻腔里发出轻微的哼哼。 男孩将猫搁在一旁，身体前倾趴在床垫上，用胳膊肘和膝盖向他的方向爬过来，细瘦的腰身凹陷下去，臀部高高翘起，露出肥大的T恤下摆里灰色的平角底裤，看上去本身就像极了一只猫咪。男孩爬到他近前直起腰身，伸出一只手拽住他的黑色毛衫底边，\"你今天过得怎样，是不是忙惨了？\"男孩说着掀起他的上衣将脑袋埋进去，双手环住他的腰身，像欢迎主人归家的宠物一般伸出舌尖舔他的肚脐。 他的双手依然插在裤兜里，\"你还没回答我的问题，你的女孩儿呢？\" 男孩满不在意地继续嘴上的动作，不紧不慢地咬住他的肚皮，\"你说的是哪一个啊？\" 他总算把手从兜里抽出来，不动声色地后退了一步。男孩险些跌下床沿，却一点也不恼，只是笑嘻嘻地有些费力地找到平衡，然后一屁股坐回去，后退着爬回了原来的位置。那只灰白相间的猫崽嗓子眼里发出微弱又尖细的声音，挣扎着试图站起来，最终都还是跌了回去。 男孩抽出一根烟，噌的一声打着火机点上，刚刚的笑纹还停留在眼角，似乎毫不尴尬地栽在了一个无伤大雅的玩笑上，长长地吸了一口之后，懒洋洋地抬起眼角看他，也不说话，就只是看着他。烟雾从男孩的口鼻四散，迅速在屋内弥漫开来。 他微微蹙眉，\"所以相对于洛杉矶，你还是更喜欢纽约？\" \"没所谓喜不喜欢吧，哪里有活儿我就得去哪儿\"，男孩伸了个懒腰，柔软的黑色小卷发蹭着雪白的墙壁，\"你知道的，我可没有一个在高盛当总裁的老爹。\" \"我爹不是高盛的总裁。\"他说。 男孩笑着拍了拍脑门，好像犯了什么低级错误一般懊恼，\"对不起，前，前总裁。\" 他又退回到了墙跟前双手插兜，整个人似乎都埋进了阴影，看不清脸上的神情，\"我们认识多久了\"，他垂下眼皮看向地面，似乎也不是等待答案，只是继续说，\"你总给我一种…\"，他停顿了一下，似乎在斟酌措辞，\"你没有那种…渴望…又或者说，绝望。\" 男孩将烟衔在嘴里，两颊凹陷，然后松口，上下牙咬住滤嘴，\"我不知道你原来喜欢那种类型的\"，男孩说，话音轻柔，依然含着笑意，\"有很多绝望的人拽过你的裤脚吗？TA们吸得你爽吗？\" 他听见自己鼻孔里重重出气的声音，\"我记得跟你说过，我不喜欢屋子里有烟味。\" 安静。只剩下那只猫崽发出的间断的，若有似无的尖细叫声。 男孩后脑倚靠着墙壁，脸上的表情褪去，双眼目视前方却似乎没有焦距，整张脸看上去像是正在格式化后重启的人工智能机器。片刻后情绪重新回到了他的眼睛，他眨了眨眼皮，平静地看向站在对面阴影里的高大男人，\"你是不是厌倦我了？你可以直说。\" 他咬住的下颌骨微微凸起。 男孩安静地翻身下床，开始不慌不忙地收拾东西。他捡起地上的花书包，像个在同学家里sleep over过后想不起来自己东西都放在哪里的高中生，抬手挠了挠后脑勺，又朝屋子的各个角落四下张望，然后走到矮柜前抓起缠成一团乱糟糟的耳机线塞进书包，半包吃剩下的零食，一件穿过的T恤被捏起来闻了闻也塞进书包。 他叹了口气几大步走过去一把抓过男孩手里的书包扔在了床尾。 男孩似乎愣在了那儿，眼神困惑地看着他。片刻后男孩要绕过他走向床尾，又被他一把攥住了手腕。这下男孩像是兀自要摆脱一个无理取闹的人那样甩了下手，索性上床朝着书包爬过去。他抓住男孩的脚踝往后用力，刚爬了一半的人又被哧溜一声拽了回来。然后他一只手按住男孩的胳膊将对方翻了个身。 他伏到男孩身上要亲对方。男孩不吭声，侧头躲过他，带着终于开始生气不愿意配合一般的低气压。他心里不知怎么就升起一丝丝得意，伸手挠对方的侧腰，他知道男孩那里最怕痒。男孩扭动地像条刚打捞上岸的鱼，憋不住笑，脸涨得通红。男孩火了，手脚并用地冲他撕打发脾气，像只嘶嘶叫着呲牙的小野猫，身上的每片肌肉都张紧了。持续不断的动静惊动了一直卧在床上被忽略了的猫崽，此刻又发出那种微弱又尖细的声音。 他努力按住对方不停挥舞的手臂。\"去你的吧\"，男孩咬牙切齿，呼哧呼哧地喘气。他猫抓耗子一般去亲男孩的嘴唇，对方却不停地扭摆偏不让他得逞。他干脆一口咬上去，没想到反被对方更大力地咬在嘴唇上。他吃痛地叫唤一声退开，手指抹了一把下嘴唇，一点红色。男孩平躺在床上看他，露出得胜一般的笑意。 \"你生气的样子可真性感。\"他伸舌尖舔了舔唇边新鲜细小的伤口，一点点血腥味。 他捞住男孩的腿弯将对方往自己身前拽。男孩依然乱踢腾，但力道明显小了很多，\"说对不起\"，男孩命令道。 \"对不起！\"他亲吻对方的下巴和脖颈，含住对方因后仰而微微凸起的喉结。男孩半长的卷发蹭着雪白的床单，如散开的黑色大丽花。他的一双大手摸索进男孩温暖凹陷的腰窝，胯间硬挺的部位蹭着男孩的臀缝。 男孩咯咯笑着骂他，\"变态！你要在一个还没满月的小东西面前干这事吗？\" 他抬头看了一眼不远处已经消停下来的猫崽，眼睛眯缝着，脑袋小幅度地微微晃动，像是困乏到了极点。 \"没关系，它就要睡着了，况且它根本就不会明白。\"他说。 \"是她，不是它\"，男孩再次纠正道，\"还有她叫风骚小茉莉，你喜欢这个名字吗？\" 他将对方的四角短裤褪到大腿根，低头含住那个器官。男孩大口吸气，腰背绷直了，两侧的胸骨透过薄薄的皮肤隐约地凸起来，像张紧的帆。 他将身下湿哒哒的人翻了个身，四角短裤被从膝盖拽到脚踝，就那么松松地挂着。他的大拇指从对方的臀缝中央挤进去，就像用力掰开一个水蜜桃。 男孩张开嘴，瞳孔扩大如黑暗中的猫咪。 他的拇指抽出来，中指伸进去。男孩叫出了声音。他贴近对方的耳廓。潮湿的呼吸直直地喷进对方的耳道，他伸出舌头舔舐，男孩带着哭腔的呻吟伴随着他手上的动作从嗓子眼里往外溢。 \"你说什么？我听不清。\"他用低沉暗哑额嗓音问。 \"啊…阿…Ar…Ar…mi…e…\" Armie. (******） (******) (******) 2、Little Timmy T 他在一家叫音乐房子的酒吧见到的那个男孩。那时候他正试图推掉一个出版商朋友的约稿，一本半自传性质的书。 \"我的生活乏善可陈，没什么可回顾的。\"他说。 \"你做过经纪人、酒保、作家、编剧、制片…如果这样叫乏善可陈，那你都怎么编故事？\" \"你也说了是编，我可不想编自己\"，他的食指来回摩挲威士忌酒杯的边沿，\"真实就是乏味和无聊，没人想知道乏味和无聊，因为人人都生活其中不是吗？\" 酒吧悬挂的电视上正在直播公牛对凯尔特人的比赛，解说的声音，观众的呼叫和酒吧内人群的交谈和嬉闹声混杂在一起。立式灯柱发出交通灯般红黄绿交替的光芒，驻唱歌手顶着一头没染匀的金发声嘶力竭地嚎叫。 \"这里就是环球签下污点乐队的地方？\"他看向远处台上正在奋力起范儿的人问道。 \"没错，据说一会儿还会有乐队表演，这些小崽子们都可卖力气了。\" \"我不知道你还对摇滚感兴趣啊\"，他喝干了杯子里的威士忌，冰块在他的嘴里被咬得嘎吱作响，他瞅着台面和空掉的玻璃杯，兴趣缺缺。 \"如果我没记错的话，你今年三十二不是六十八对吧？\" \"可我是半个犹太人\"，他笑，摸了摸自己胡子拉碴的下巴。他身高足有六尺五，过了二十五之后就把皮肤晒得黑红，看上去像个退役的皮划艇运动员，一双眼睛澄澈湛蓝。 \"一，你这话毫无逻辑，二，你跟犹太人可沾不上半点关系\"，对面的人看着他那张脸说。 \"我不太确定你的意思，但这难道不是种族主义？\"他指了指自己的空杯子打趣。 \"我看你他妈还是在好莱坞待得太久~\" (******) 那是一首老鹰乐队的《加州旅馆》，久违的感觉。 男孩的嗓音有些单薄，高音时显露出点不加掩饰的力不从心，一手吉他弹得倒是清远悠扬，虽然没了鼓点和低音贝斯的伴奏，也硬生生带着上世纪七十年代的那种忧郁迷惘劲儿。 在黑暗的沙漠高速，凉风吹动着头发 大麻暖暖的味道，弥漫在空气中 在遥远的前方，我看见闪烁的灯火 我昏昏沉沉，视线模糊 我看见她站在门廊，听见神圣隐约的钟声 我心想，这可能是天堂，抑或地狱 她点燃蜡烛为我引路，走廊里有这样的声音，我听到他们说 欢迎来到加州旅馆 男孩很年轻，穿着水洗白的宽大牛仔衬衫，身材瘦削，看上去像是干净清爽的刚入学的大一新生。他留着半长的黑色小卷发，一缕头发在他低头的瞬间垂到他的鼻梁上。他的肤色在舞台灯束的映衬下雪白发亮，看上去一点也不像那种背着破烂的琴盒徘徊在各大俱乐部门口等待被发掘的明日之星或落魄艺人。 他们纵情歌舞，在夏日的夜晚大汗淋漓 有人用舞蹈回忆，有人用舞蹈忘记 我想要杯红酒，他们却说 早就没了，自1969 早就没了，自1969。男孩唱着。他平静的嗓音和不加修饰的唱腔甚至根本不适合这种乡村摇滚，他似乎也无意探讨什么沉沦或救赎，他唱，仅仅因为他喜欢它，不想让它被忘却。 天花板上的镜子，带着冰块的粉色香槟 她说，我们都是这里的囚徒，在自己的圈套 灯火辉煌的大厅盛宴聚集 他们钢刀齐下，却杀不死那野兽 我向门奔跑，向着最初来的方向 放松，更夫对我说，你可以随时退房，却永远无法离开这个地方 你可以随时退房，却永远无法离开这个地方。 人群里有几个孩子冲台上的人嚷嚷，还吆喝他赶紧下来，但明显只是他的朋友。一个女孩站起身，用法语冲男孩喊了句什么，男孩嘴角露出一丝浅笑，随即笑容扩大，绷不住一般咧开嘴，伸长了舌头做了一个rock&roll;的经典表情，一秒从沉静内敛变得有点可笑疯狂。 谁知道呢，他看上去那么年轻，甚至是年少。他有可能像这里的每个人一样，背着满是刮痕的琴盒，脚踩一双脏兮兮布满尘土的破烂皮靴，T恤上印着\"我看上去像他妈的在意吗\"，整日徘徊在各个俱乐部的门口或舞台上，等待被发掘或是被埋没，唱着汗水、精液、钱、毒品和做爱。 男孩朝声音传来的方向伸手，女孩却迅速缩回了人群。男孩依然不放弃，不停朝台上的方向勾动手指示意对方上来。在原先起哄的那几个人的推搡下，女孩捂着脸被拉了上去。那是个小个子的法国女孩，半长的黑色直发耷拉在肩头还有些乱糟糟的，眼睛很大。男孩用法语跟她交谈，声音隐约透过话筒传出来。片刻后男孩退到舞台后方弹起吉他伴奏，女孩开始唱一首法语歌《我叫伊莲娜》。 \"他是谁？\"Armie问坐在对面的人。 \"你说little Timmy T？\" \"他很出名吗？\" \"倒不是，他是个演员。\" (******) 他看着男孩站在剧院后台卸妆，身上的演出服还没脱，褐色的背带花纹皮短裤和白色长筒袜令他看上去像个巴伐利亚啤酒节上的滑稽侍应生。《舞厅》是百老汇剧院每年的保留剧目，曾经获奖无数。男孩的头发比之前短了一些，因为套了一晚上假发的关系有些乱糟糟地贴在头皮上，依然卷卷的。 \"我挺喜欢你的演出。\"他说。 \"谢谢！真是我的荣幸。还从来没有人到后台跟我说这句话的\"，男孩冲他笑，嘴唇上的红色桃心油彩让人想起爱丽丝梦游仙境里的红皇后。\"我知道你\"，男孩说，\"你写过《风筝》、《兄弟》，那是什么奖来着？英国电影金像？克里斯托弗？两次提名金球，还有一次奥斯卡对吧？\" 他自嘲似的笑笑，耸了一下肩，\"所以你知道大家都怎么说了，最接近成功的失败者。\" \"大家不是都说提名即荣幸吗？虽然这话我说很不合适。\"男孩的笑容一直挂在脸上。 \"那你觉得《阿波罗面具》怎么样？\"他看着男孩问。 男孩拿着湿纸巾擦脸上的油彩，\"嗯，我很喜欢那个，可惜没能再版。\" \"谢谢，那不是我写的。\" 男孩终于笑得肩膀有点抽抽，抬起头来瞧他，\"我突然想起来了，你应该不是托尼奖（相当于话剧界的奥斯卡）评审委员会的成员，我没必要背诵你历年的作品列表。\" 他抱住双肘，表现出\"异常失落\"的样子，\"所以你刚刚都是装的，我还以为遇到了知己。\" \"这样吧，你给我几分钟换衣服，然后我请你吃晚餐怎么样，就算是道歉，又或是庆祝我第一个跟到后台的粉丝？\"男孩颇为顽皮地眨眨眼。 半个小时之后，他拿到了一个排队五分钟买，然后坐在路边吃的热狗。 男孩吃得倒是很起劲，丝毫没有受到初冬夜晚纽约街头寒意的影响，香肠的肠衣被他咬得嘎吱响，各色的沙拉酱粘在嘴角，一侧的腮帮高高鼓起不停地咀嚼，让人十分纳闷一个看上去食欲这么好的人如何能保持这么劲瘦的身材。 然后男孩噎住了。 \"想要杯热咖啡吗？\"他觉得对方的样子有点好笑。 男孩抬头看了看街角的那家星巴克，\"算了吧，好远\"，说完又打了个嗝。 他起身朝咖啡店走去，十分钟之后他走回来，手里端着两杯热气腾腾的咖啡，\"没有咖啡因\"，他递给男孩一杯，有些挫败地叹了口气，\"我觉得艾伦（脱口秀主持人）是对的，'每个人走进星巴克之前都必须想好自己要买什么'应该被写入宪法。\" 男孩掀开杯盖，因为烫只能小口小口地嘬，\"艾伦，是啊，我爱她\"，说着又发出少年气的憨憨的笑声，\"也许爱这个词太强烈，我的意思是，比起那些根本不care，几乎在脸上写着'伙计麻烦你说快点，节目时间就快到了还有两个嘉宾没出来'，她没有那么强的职业性麻木，又或是没有那么明显的表现。\" \"哦？你去过他的节目？\"他问。 \"没有，只是随便说说，其实我也很少看\"，男孩耸耸肩，将最后一口热狗塞进嘴里，又灌进半杯咖啡，对着空气哈了口热气，然后安静下来，盯着街对面闪亮的巨幅演出海报出神，仿佛吃多了大脑供血不足而不得不愣一会儿神。 马里布海滩常年温暖湿润的海风经常令他忘记冬季的存在。现在的他坐在纽约夜晚的街头，手里握着半个彻底凉了的热狗和温乎乎的咖啡，竟然真的有点不适应。他看了看坐在身边的人，矮了他大半个头的男孩穿着件随意的深蓝色棉外套，内里的卫衣帽子胡乱地被揪出来堆在一侧的脖颈，乌黑的小卷发从棒球帽的帽檐翻出来。 男孩扭过脸来看他，不知是因为热咖啡还是冷空气而微微泛着粉色的脸颊露出一丝浅笑，\"你看上去有点困惑\"，男孩说，\"我不会为了得到个角色跟你上床的，如果这是你在想的问题的话。\" \"我跟选角从来没有关系。\"他说。 男孩笑得更开了，\"我以为你要说'我不是这种人'或是'别抬举自己了我对你没兴趣'。\" \"你一直都这么愤世嫉俗吗？\"他笑。 男孩没有回答，只是站起身拍了拍屁股，\"这里离我住的地方还有两条街…\" \"我送你回去。\" 男孩双手环住街边路灯的立柱抻直了胳膊，脑袋后仰绕着那根柱子转了个圈，棒球帽掉在地上，他弯腰捡起来抓在手里，\"所以你真的喜欢我的表演吗？\"男孩问。 \"你经常去那家音乐盒子酒吧吗？\"他反问。 男孩咬住嘴唇低头，笑容里甚至带了点局促和尴尬，仿佛做了什么丢脸事被人发觉了，\"我是不是看上去像个傻帽？\" \"这我可不知道\"，他双手插兜，\"不过我去的那次你不像。\" 男孩走在前面，手背在身后，捏在手里的棒球帽直晃悠，\"我猜你是个怀旧的人？\" 他没有回答，看向街角处的一家颇具复古风格的音像店，他们走过玻璃橱窗里的各色唱片封面，经过散发着油炸薯条和烟熏鸡肉味的速食快餐店，街对面悬挂的选举海报上的人雪白的牙齿被涂黑，不知什么人用马克笔在候选人脑门上写着\"去死吧婊子！\"，脑门还被其他颜色的笔画上了巨大的生殖器。 联排公寓的门口偶尔有黄色的出租车和行人路过。男孩转过身，稍稍仰起头看着他，安静的眼睛在夜色中闪闪发亮，像某种小动物，鼻尖和支棱在外面的耳朵被冻得发红，看上去可怜兮兮的。 他走近一步，伸出手帮对方只拉了一半的前襟拉链拉上，\"你看上去冻得不轻，应该早点回屋暖和一下。\" 男孩眨了眨眼睛，\"你看上去也好不到哪里，西海岸来的朋友。\" \"你怎么知道我从西海岸来？\" 男孩笑，\"我屋里有热茶和蜂蜜，如果你想来的话\"，说完向楼道里走去，\"我就住二楼，不介意爬楼梯吧。\" 楼梯间并不宽敞而且很安静，可以清晰地听见每一次回声。男孩走在前面，他跟在后面，一直相差七八级台阶的距离。谁也没有说话。男孩突然在下一层的拐角处停下，转过身来看着他。他也停下了脚步。 \"你还没有回答我，你真的喜欢我的表演吗？还是为了你我都心知肚明的事情？\"男孩站在高处问他。 他慢慢地走完剩下的台阶，走近说话的人，居高临下地俯视着对方，\"你说自己住在二层，现在已经是六层了。\"他低沉的嗓音回响在楼道里。 男孩冲他笑，咬住一侧的嘴角。 他又走近了一点，直到可以清晰地感受到对方的鼻息。男孩仰头看着他的眼睛，目不转睛地，年轻饱满的脸颊泛着光，让人想到疲倦时恨不得马上贴上的雪白柔软的枕套。他看着男孩的眼眸，一点磷叶石的绿色。他突然觉得对方和自己想象中的不一样，至于想象中什么样，他也说不清楚，然后他意识到，他从未真正了解过很么人，即使是那些最亲近的人。他堪称敏锐娴熟，可以用一页纸张或一两分钟的对白让人心如刀绞或热泪盈眶。他可以写出，或是用他自己的话说，编出很多人，从被遗忘的社会边缘小人物到拯救世界的超级变种大英雄，从琐碎的生活细节到折射出的细微的情感角落，每一帧都可以做到栩栩如生，纤毫毕现。然而在现实中，每个人都生活在完全不同的，不可知的世界中。 他抬起一只手捏住男孩削尖的下巴，那双唇在他手指的力道下微微张开，如同从精致的甜品表面滚落的覆盖着糖霜的樱桃。他缓慢地靠近，亲吻在安静的楼道里发出软木塞脱离瓶口一般湿润又清晰的声音。男孩伸出舌尖舔他的嘴唇，他用虎口钳住对方的下颌将对方拉近，男孩却在他将手滑向自己后脑的时候笑嘻嘻地从他怀里溜了。 他听见对方蹬蹬蹬的脚步声又向上跑了一层，然后听见了安全门开合的声响。 他跟上去，在走廊里看见男孩用钥匙开门。 \"不是说有热茶和蜂蜜？\"他倚靠着关上的客厅门问对方。 那是间小公寓，暖烘烘的。男孩脱了身上的棉外套，又踢掉了脚上的鞋子，嘴角带笑地朝他走过来，抬手抓住他围巾的一角用力，将那条织物缓缓地扯离他的脖子。 \"你知道吗，有人说我就像热茶和蜂蜜，sweet tea~\"，男孩笑。 围巾掉落在他们脚边的地板上。男孩又将手从他那件驼色羊绒大衣敞开的前襟伸进去，顺着他内里的黑色高领毛衣滑到他的肩头，双手向两侧分开，那件羊绒大衣也掉在了地上。 \"你不是说不会跟我上床？\"他没有动作，追着男孩的眼睛问。 男孩踮起脚尖，双手环住他的脖子向一侧歪头，\"我说不会为了角色，没说不会为了找乐儿。除非…\"，男孩垂下眼睑，一副\"可怜\"的样子，\"除非你不想…\" 他的两只手从男孩的卫衣下摆伸进去，摸到了两片凸起的蝴蝶骨。他从上往下摩挲男孩的后背，微微发凉的手掌令对方颤栗，更紧地贴在他怀里，仰起头来磨蹭他布满胡茬的下巴。他的手从男孩的衣摆滑出来，隔着裤子揉捏对方的臀，将对方的胯用力按向自己。他们的部位贴合在一起，男孩抬起一侧的腿，像只树袋熊一样想要攀住他，却又无力地滑落，喉咙里发出轻柔又压抑的呜呜声。 他们亲吻着，踉跄地倒在几步之外的沙发里。窗户没有关严，微风吹动着纱帘，有丝丝缕缕的月光透进来，屋里没开灯。他近距离看着男孩鼻梁上的点点雀斑，情动让男孩的眼眸泛着一层朦胧的雾气，看上去更小了。 沙发扶手一侧的矮柜上摆放着一个相框，相框里的小男孩十岁左右，穿着雪白宽大的T恤，满脸稚气未脱却又牛皮哄哄地盯着镜头。 男孩的两条腿缠在他的腰上，身下压着件衣服，露在外面的前襟上印着\"NYU\"。 \"你是纽约大学的？\"他喘息着跟对方拉开一点距离问。 男孩笑得后仰着脖颈，喉结都在颤抖，\"怎么？你现在担心我是未成年？好像晚了点吧？ 他支着双肘看向身下的人。 男孩的手指插进他已经被揉得乱糟糟的头发，\"我是纽约大学的，但我很早就高中毕业了，其实我今年刚十七…\"，说着又向上顶胯磨蹭他已经硬挺的部位，\"所以你是要离开吗？\" 他伸出一只手将矮柜上的那个相框面朝下放倒，\"是吗？可我怎么觉得你看上去像那种会在数学课上带着眼罩睡觉，然后拿rap当统计学作业交上去的人，他们会让你提前毕业？\" 男孩跳起来咬他的嘴唇，\"恭喜答对了，你安全了！\" 男孩揪扯他胸前茂密的毛发，轻微的刺痛。他仰靠在沙发靠背上，男孩靠坐在他身上。他的手掌从男孩的肩头下滑，隔着外衣抚摸过对方凸起的两片蝴蝶骨，顺着紧实的背部肌肉线条滑到对方的腰。男孩很瘦，那腰身他几乎一只手就可以覆盖。男孩一手揪住自己T恤的后领口将衣服拽过头顶脱下。他亲吻男孩线条优美的脖颈，锁骨上的一点黑痣，光滑凹陷的胸窝，一侧挺立的乳头，人鱼线，肚脐，柔软的侧腰…男孩怕痒，扭动着闪躲，险些后仰到地板上，他伸长胳膊捞住对方的脖颈将男孩放倒在沙发上。\"但愿你有安全套\"，他说，笑着扯开对方的裤腰。男孩躺在沙发上，一条长腿搭在对侧的沙发扶手上，情动时有些轻微的气息不稳，手指了指沙发坐垫和靠背之间的夹缝，\"在里面找找，也许有~\"。他几乎笑出声，手伸进夹缝一通摸索…然后掏出一把坚果壳，然后是一把不知道开什么用的钥匙，一张信用卡…\"你这是把整个公寓都塞进去了吗？\"他彻底笑出声。男孩抿着嘴唇，嫌弃他没用似的自己伸手进去，摸了半天之后，整个荷尔蒙气场都快要笑场的时候，男孩终于欣喜地掏出一个小包装，随即送到嘴边撕开，用牙齿衔着那个套子，\"但愿没过期\"，男孩说，拉开他的裤链伸手进去，\"Holy shit！\"男孩张着嘴感叹，眼睛闪闪发亮，手里攥着他那个半硬的玩意儿，\"You are huge…我现在退出还来得及吗？或者，你有没有可能跟我换一下位置？\"男孩笑着问他，攥住他的手却没有松开。他摇摇头。男孩拽着他靠近，在他的耳边轻语，\"别弄疼我。\"他托住男孩的下巴吻他，手指伸进对方的身体。男孩呻吟，曲起的双腿缠上他的侧腰。他们就在沙发上干了，衣服都没有彻底褪干净。男孩抓着他后背上的织物纤维，喘得像条脱水的鱼，鼻梁细小雀斑上冒出的汗珠，头发丝上蒸腾出的热气，绯红的面颊，体液咸湿的味道在这间小小的公寓里发酵。 \"Mr…Mr Hammer…\" \"Call me Armie.\" (******) (******) (******) 3、让娜 \"为什么所有的故事都要以分手开场？\"让娜窝在沙发前的地板上，黑头发乱糟糟地被发夹别在脑后，手里的电视遥控按钮被她按了个遍。 \"也可能是结婚、离婚、有人出生，有人被杀…别看了\"，Timmy挡在她和电视中间，叉开了四肢站立，\"看我这身行头怎么样？\" 让娜哈哈笑，\"就这样吧，你穿着它去试镜，华纳一定会把角色给你的！\" \"首先，没人会穿着这玩意儿去试镜，其次，是迪士尼不是华纳\"，Timmy在她面前盘腿坐下。 \"他们对我来说都一样，何况你也不看那些电影啊\"，让娜看着他那身松垮的，上下分离的红色蜘蛛装。 \"我当然有看啊\"，Timmy挑高眉毛反驳，随即又皱起眉头，用刻意伪装的低沉嘶哑又苦大仇深的声音说，\"我是蜘蛛侠！\" 让娜的笑声像刚出笼的小猪崽，她翻了个身侧躺，一侧的耳朵枕在沙发坐垫上，伸手去够地上一袋开了口的玉米芝士球，\"我不知道，但你这样肯定不对。\" Timmy耸了耸肩不以为然，\"所以你对我没信心，觉得我一定不行？\" 有几颗橙色的芝士球从袋口滚出来掉在地上，让娜捡起来塞进嘴里，边嚼边含糊地说，\"怎么会，你一定行。你可以成为任何你想要成为的样子。\"她眨巴着眼睛看Timmy，她的眼睛很大，脸型带着点婴儿肥，看一样东西的时候有时会让人分不清她究竟是专注还是走神。 \"说得可真敷衍~\" 让娜坐正身体，像男孩一样盘起双腿，松垮的T恤圆领歪到肩头，露出一侧的内衣肩带，\"Timmy\"，她开口，\"如果你成了蜘蛛侠，当你的照片贴满全美国，不，是全世界各大影院，当你早上还在纽约，晚上就到了伦敦…那个时候你还会记得我吗？\" \"开什么玩笑，如果我的照片贴满全球，我会连自己都记不住的好吗\"，Timmy笑着做了个鬼脸，两秒之后又恢复了正经，\"怎么会呢，我会在横跨太平洋的航班上跟你facetime的。\" 让娜低下头，松散的黑发久未打理的样子，有些毛毛躁躁的，倒也透出些不经意的慵懒，\"其实我一直都觉得\"，她的声音听上去像是在斟酌，又或是犹豫不决，\"还是纽约更适合你…\" \"为什么这么说？\"Timmy问。 让娜甚至带了点歉意似的笑笑，好像自己用一种不恰当的方式评判了对方，\"我也不知道，就是一种感觉，英文里那个词是什么来着？arty-farty？\" \"你觉得我arty-farty？你怎么会有这种感觉？\"Timmy倒是很认真的样子。 让娜摇摇头，\"算了吧，我什么都不知道，不用听我胡说。\" Timmy安静下来，低头盯着手里的剧本，拇指和食指搓着那几页纸，然后他浅浅地笑了，\"也许吧，我可能不会习惯拍摄一个月宣传一年的，当然不是说那有什么不好，只不过那得多大的消耗，并且总让我觉得那些消耗没用对地方…当然如果我的海报可以贴满全世界，我一定会激动地蹦起来，不过我有什么资格说这话\"，他笑着耸了耸肩，\"说得好像他们真的会把角色给我一样。\" 让娜伸出手捏住对面人的下巴，\"你怎么这么说自己？你知道吗，你经常不给自己足够的信心，就好像你不值得所有那些事情，你完全值得的！\"，她的身体前倾，透过宽大的圆领口可以看见内里崭新的桃粉色蕾丝内衣。 \"谢谢\"，Timmy说，\"也许有时候我只是不知道自己想要什么。\" \"不，我不是那个意思\"，让娜有些自嘲似的露出一丝苦笑，\"我才是不知道自己想要什么的人...又或者，我想要的太多…\"，她面上的笑意消失了，好像逐渐遁入了某种冥想，许久，她说，\"Timmy，谢谢你给我一个屋顶，在我需要躲避的时候。\" Timmy又坐近了一些，\"维多利亚的秘密也无法让你开心，究竟发生了什么？\" \"谢谢你给我一个屋顶，在我需要躲避的时候，并且什么都不问。\"让娜又笑了。 \"不管那家伙是谁，他都是个混蛋。\"Timmy说。 \"我以前也这么想…\" Timmy刚想说点什么。 \"你知道吗，我那个哲学教授的老爸，找了一个跟我一样年纪的女朋友\"，让娜忽然笑着说。 Timmy看着她安静了一会儿没说话，然后他眨了眨眼睛，\"是吗，她漂亮吗？\" 让娜笑着踢了她一脚，一把抢过他手里的剧本，\"你到底还要不要准备试镜了？需要帮忙对戏就说，没我你可怎么办？\" \"你也帮得上忙？你连英文都不会说！\" 让娜瞪大眼睛好像受到了莫大的侮辱，她大声用英文回对方，\"胡说！我明明就会！还有你知不知道自己刚才那些话有多少语法和词汇错误？！\" \"我不知道，不过肯定没有你说英文的时候语法和词汇错误多！\"Timmy也换回了英语并且当仁不让。 让娜闭上眼睛，好像在等待那团\"怒火\"熄灭，然后她晃动了一下脖子，甚至理了理头发，好像久经沙场准备好接招的运动健将，\"Timmy，你也许觉得自己有一半法国血统，可你是个百分百的美国人，从内到外。\" \"才不是~\"，Timmy不服气。 \"没关系亲爱的，这没什么可丢脸的~\"，让娜仿佛扳回了一成，嗓音里都带着点雀跃。 \"我才没有觉得丢脸！\"，Timmy的眼睛瞪得更大了，\"你知道自己的说法有多不准确吗？人在说不同语言的时候，我是说，如果你真的明白那些语言，其实是会有不同的人格。\" 让娜眨了眨自己大得出奇的眼睛，好像在仔细琢磨他这句话的\"深刻含义\"。Timmy满意地从对方手里把那几页纸又拿了回来。过了一会，让娜仿佛结束了思考，终于得出结论一般抬起头看向他，\"Timmy\"，她说，\"在我最需要的时候，不管是出于什么原因，也许只是为了振作，你会愿意跟我上床吗？\" Timmy笑得弯下腰捂住脸，好像他实在没有想到人居然可以拥有这么诡异又脱线的思维，他直起身子张开双臂，\"来吧，你知道我会为你做任何事~\"。 让娜笑着将额头抵在他的脖子上，目光停留在他滑出衣领的银色挂坠上，一枚小小的埃菲尔铁塔。 \"我有没有告诉过你，其实我从来也没有喜欢过巴黎。\"她说。 \"那你喜欢纽约吗？\"Timmy问。 让娜没有说话，\"…你看，也许这就是我的问题。\" \"明天我有认识的乐队朋友要去'音乐房子'，一块儿来吧，肯定会开心点的，我保证。\" (******) (******) 多么美丽的地方 多么可爱的脸庞 如此多的房间 一年四季无论何时你都可以找到这地方 他们说，欢迎来到加州旅馆 狂欢的篝火，挥舞的钢刀 杀不死的心中的恶魔 请放我回到来时的地方 回不去的，更夫说 你可以随时退房 却永远无法摆脱这欲望 身穿制服的酒吧侍应生端来一杯酒放在Timmy面前。 \"我没有点这个。\"Timmy看着对方。 \"这是36号桌的客人为你买的。\"侍应生说着指向那个方向。 Timmy回头望过去，越过攒动的或坐或站的人群，他看见一个黑色长发的女孩儿背影。那女孩儿背对着他站起身离开，露出桌面上的号码牌和坐在对面的一个穿橘色吊带裙的巧克力肤色卷发女孩儿，卷发女孩儿抬头和他目光相汇，一秒之后冲他微笑了一下，露出唇边的浅小酒窝。 \"哦不好意思，不是她。\"侍应生说。 Timmy回了对方一个微笑又看回了四下张望的侍应生。\"看来他们已经离开了\"，侍者说，\"Anyway, enjoy.\" Timmy看向那杯酒，上层透明的液体呈渐变色，混合着冰块到了底部变成一种暗沉的深红。他伸进一根手指搅动，晶莹剔透的冰块沿着玻璃杯的环形内壁缓慢地旋转，原本分层的鸡尾酒被搅拌地浑浊。他拿出那根冰凉的手指伸进嘴里，有点苦，又有点甜。冰块的旋转逐渐停滞下来，点点暗沉的深红缓缓地下降，在瑰丽的灯光映衬下，仿佛钻石与铁锈。 （未完，待续？） 注： 1. 《Diamonds and Rust》（钻石与铁锈）是琼.贝兹于1975年写给鲍勃.迪伦的一首歌。《Hotel California》（加州旅馆）是老鹰乐队（Eagles）于1977年发行的单曲。 2. 本文题目、\"风骚小茉莉\"以及\"污点乐队\"的名称均取自美国编剧/制片大卫.班尼奥夫的同名短篇小说集《当九翻转归零》（When the 9s Roll Over）。 3. 《Cabaret》（中译名\"舞厅\"）是百老汇著名音乐剧，曾获托尼奖。甜茶曾于2014（？）年参与演出。至于蜘蛛侠，网上看过他的照片，但不知道是曾参加试镜还是单纯PS（U know，就像锤子的绿灯…）。 4. 让娜是法国电影《一日情人》中的一个角色，其扮演者艾斯特.加瑞尔同时也是电影《Call Me by Your Name》中马奇娅的扮演者。So，就相当于一点点的crossover。 ","Summary":" 当九翻转归零 When The Nines Roll Over 1 风骚小茉莉 那是一只很小的猫，也许出生不过一周，小到让他想起耗子。毛色灰白相间，应该就是最普通的家猫。当然他也不是很确定，他对猫知"},{"Movie":"(500) Days of Summer","Title":"A Summers Dream","Author":"MsChaoticPenguin","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10357137","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Summer. The air was filled with the scent of chlorine and barbecue smoke. Summer has always been my favorite season. I loved the warmth from the sun, kissing my skin. I loved the feeling of cool pool water on my feet. And I loved the taste of barbecued hot dogs. I loved the visits to the beach, the smell of salt and the sound of laughing children playing in the ocean. But I think the thing I loved most about summer...at least this particular one...was meeting him. Derrick Adams. Tall, muscular, tan, handsome. He was the type of boy every girl dreams of. For some reason, he chose me. So many beautiful, smart, talented, amazing girls were so easy for him to get...but he chose me. Me, a klutzy, untalented, hideous, idiotic girl who was 17 years old and still had no clue what she was going to do with her life, and so painfully shy she couldn't even make friends. I still smile every time I look back to that summer day at the mall. It was the middle of summer vacation, and everyone was with friends having cold iced teas by the pool. I, on the other hand, enjoyed a day at my house. I was in my room, laptop open and fan on high. It was only noon, and I decided that getting out would do me good. Besides, I finally had the money for that top I wanted. I got shoes on and got into my black Honda. It only took me 10 minutes to get to the mall. After buying my new top, plus other things, hunger took over and I made a trip to the food court. I decided on Chinese food and made my way to a table in the middle of the court. I set my bags down and looked around the mall. I made a hobby out of people watching, and making up life stories for them. It was my favorite pastime. As I got up to throw out my trash, I somehow managed to trip over nothing and was about to kiss the tile floor of the food court when a pair of strong hands caught me. \"Woah there! You alright?\" Said a deep voice as I regained my balanced. As fate would have it, my savior was non other than the most gorgeous man to ever breath air. Naturally, I came up with the most intelligent, most attractive sentence I could gather. \"Uh...yeah...I'm cool. I mean, not cool, it's hot as hell, but uh...\" Nice one, Annica. Every man in the known universe is currently breaking your door down at this very moment. The boy just chuckled. ","Summary":" Summer. The air was filled with the scent of chlorine and barbecue smoke. Summer has always been my"},{"Movie":"(500) Days of Summer","Title":"The nightmare","Author":"piesx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10556885","Passage":"[Chapter 1] p style=\"text-align: center;\"strongThe nightmare /strong/p ","Summary":" p style=\"text-align: center;\"strongThe nightmare /strong/p"},{"Movie":"(500) Days of Summer","Title":"Aspiring - A 5 Seconds of Summer story","Author":"piinkielollipop","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11506396","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey guys! I'm back from a pretty long hiatus, but I have a new story :) Oh and also, this story is on Wattpad (which I just started using) so it would mean the world if you checked it out and shared it with your friends because I'm starting from scratch. My username is piinkielollipop BTW :) Love you guys 3 Their words cut her like a knife. Their glares were as sharp as daggers. Her escape was music. … Four faces stared back at me as I eagerly lifted the lid of my laptop: Luke Hemmings, Michael Clifford, Ashton Irwin, and, oh my god, CALUM HOOD. His dark, messy hair; his chocolate brown eyes; and need I say, his huge biceps and amazing – \"Dream on, Raelynn,\" I mutter to myself, then open up safari and go on my favorite website – YouTube. Ever since we had moved to Sydney, I had a hard time at school. Why my parents chose to move to Sydney, I'll never understand why. My mom said was for my dad's job or whatever, but her excuses don't bring back my old friends, school, and home, do they? Truth be told, the people at my school aren't that nice. But now wasn't the time to ponder over such negative things because I had just received tons of emails when my notifications on YouTube literally just blew up. First, I clicked on my own channel, and found out that over a thousand people had just subscribed to me. From eight hundred fifty four to two thousand and three. Over one night. I squealed in excitement, and then stopped when I realized how childish I was being. I realized that my most recent cover of \"Over and Over\" by 5 Seconds of Summer (which I uploaded a few days ago) had over ten thousand views. \"What the,\" I breathe. Considering that my usual amount of views lingered around the hundreds, ten thousand was a real milestone. Since I had too many notifications to go through, I decide to scroll through the comments on my cover of \"Over and Over\". I clicked on it, and started to scan through the comments: \"omgggggg 5sos commented!\" \"this girl has real talent\" \"5SOS PLEASE SIGN HER\" \"she's so lucky 5sos noticed her oh my goshhhh!\" \"5sos noticed me…?\" I mumble, not even hearing what I was saying. Then, my brain clicked and made sense of all the comments. I leaped to my feet, and through my pillow across the room. \"HOLY SHIT WHAT 5SOS NOTICED ME?!\" Not believing it, I don't bother to take time to calm down, but drop down on my belly instead and read all the comments until I see the life changing comment. \"Hi Raelynn, we're 5SOS and we really like your cover. Do you want to meet up sometime so maybe we can talk about signing you? xoxo, Luke, Ash, Cal, Mikey\" I didn't notice the tears streaming down my face until minutes later while I stared, shock-still, at my laptop screen. Then, I didn't hesitate to reply. \"Sure. Private message me and we'll talk there. Love you guys :) xoxo, Raelynn\" ","Summary":" Hey guys! I'm back from a pretty long hiatus, but I have a new story :) Oh and also, this story is "},{"Movie":"Diary of a Wimpy Kid","Title":"Speechless","Author":"NamiNoms","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9285909","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Now, tell about your mother.\" The little girl sat in the large chair, silent and staring at the ground. The bearded man across from her held a clipboard. \"Did you love her?\" There was a pause, and without looking up, the girl nodded. \"Very good.\" The man scribbled some notes. \"Do you remember her fondly?\" She nodded again. More notes. \"Now Sofia,\" the man began, \"I realize you are in no condition to talk right now. You are only six, after all. So this is what I'll do.\" He scooted his chair closer to hers. \"I will not visit you if you wish. You need not speak if you wish. However, I would like you to keep a private journal. Record your feelings and thoughts.\" Sofia once again nodded, straight brown hair spilling down the sides of her head. \"I will never take the journal away from you. However, if you ever feel that you would like to share your thoughts with me, I would not mind.\" The girl didn't move. She did not speak. The doctor sighed. \"I'll go talk to your father now. Please, take care of yourself. Find a friend.\" He patted her head and exited the small, quiet room. That was ten years ago. The summer when Sofia Rose Clark became mute. Her father did his best to care for her, and he desperately missed the sound of her voice, her laughter. However, the family of two, not including their cat, have been moving on. Sofia had just turned sixteen. She and her father, Brad, had searched for a suitable high school for her to attend. They lived in Arizona, Georgia, and Nevada. Now they found Plainview, New York. It was quiet, green, and peaceful. The plane ride there was uneventful, and the two stayed in a hotel overnight. When the day came to get settled into the new house, Brad was excited. However, his daughter wasn't, or at least she wasn't showing it. The U-Haul truck pulled up in front of the house after the pair arrived, and movers began transferring big boxes into the abode. Two beds were brought inside, along with a couch and a small T.V for the living room. It was a rather large house, two-story, and practically in the middle of nowhere, surrounded by grass and trees. The front yard was bigger than most, along with the backyard. \"Just look at this, honey! You'll have your own space and everything!\" yelled her father, but Sofia was looking at rooms, and finally found one. It was the smallest in the house, with just enough room for her bed and a small desk. The irony. When the movers were done and had driven away, Sofia plunked herself on the couch and began reading a book, Watership Down. She loved the book to death, mainly because it used to belong her to mother. \"Maybe you want to go outside? I can drop you off at that big mall we saw coming in. You could make new friends.\" Her father persisted, leaning on the couch. Sofia glanced at her father, then back down at the page. It wasn't a horribly bad idea, but the only thing she would do there would either continue reading or look at certain objects, wishing she had the money to buy it. \"I'll give you thirty,\" bribed her father. No response. \"Forty?\" Still nothing. Brad rolled his eyes. \"Okay, fifty, but that's as far as I'll go.\" Sofia smiled. She ended up with sixty dollars and a long ride to the big mall near a high school. Her dad dropped her off and wished her luck, and Sofia cautiously entered, immediately being overwhelmed with noise and chatter. The mixed smell of Chinese food and burgers wafted from the food court, and immediately she went to go find a seat. Her book was tucked under her arm, and her wallet sat nicely in her back pocket. She wore a maroon short sleeved blouse with jean shorts. Her short cropped hair was parted off to the side, brown hair sweeping gently off to the side. She sported thick glasses and an opal ring on her right middle finger, a gift from her mother. Sofia travelled further into the mall, passing jewelry shops, when she passed mall security. There were two mall cops, between them three teen boys who were hunched over, almost ashamed looking. The tallest was tan, with dark brown eyes and shaggy hair, sporting a Slipknot t-shirt. Another had spiky hair that was a light brown, almost blonde in color. He was pale, and had ripped up boot cut jeans. The third was rather large, with a bit of acne, large glasses and wore a beanie. He had big gauges, and for some odd reason ha painted his nails black. Sofia couldn't help but stare at the odd, metal looking trio. They were stereotypical male teenagers. They probably felt her eyes on them, because the tall one turned and caught her eye for just a moment. He didn't show any change in emotion, only blinked and looked away again. The mall cops were apparently asking for a parent or guardian's phone number, and they refused to give it. They denied, denied, and denied. Sofia lightly rolled her eyes and continued walking. As she settled down on a bench near a Vans store, she couldn't help but think about that boy. She had an immense curiosity to find out what he could have possibly done to get in trouble with the mall's security. As she opened her book, her mind continued to wander, and she found herself re-reading half of the pages. Hello~ Not a very long chapter, but I hope you like it all the same. Please review. -S[Chapter 2] June was never Sofia's favorite month. It was the middle of the summer, hottest month of the year. And in Plainview, the summers were humid. It made her hair frizz and it made her hot and sticky, only wanting to sit in tank top, shorts, and fanning herself. It's been a month since she moved here with her father, and she still had no friends. Her only option at the moment was to sit inside with air conditioning or go outside, forced by her father. Last day of May, she forced herself to a hair salon, hoping to somewhat change her look. She had dyed her hair a red-auburn color, and it had become slightly wavy now, although it maintained its length, which was sitting right above her shoulders. Currently, Sofia was in a library. Her father thought she was at the mall or in the park, 'making friends' as he liked to call it. He had continued pushing her to meet people, and although she received money, Sofia honestly did not want to meet people. She did not want friends. She was completely and utterly fine being alone and quiet. Besides, she was so close to finishing Watership Down. Her eyes scanned the page and she relished in Hazel's world, as he did his best to defend his warren from the General.* A sudden, gentle tap on her shoulder startled Sofia out of her trance, and she turned to find a child of ten standing next to the table. \"Is that a good book?\" She asked quietly, a bashful look taking over her face. Sofia took a moment, and nodded slowly. \"What is it about?\" Sofia gazed at the child. She tried willing words to her mouth, but every time she tried, she choked up, and a feeling of nauseousness gripped her stomach. The little girl waited patiently, rocking backs and forth of her heels, causing her long blonde hair to sway back and forth. Again and again, Sofia opened her mouth with no success. Finally, the girl understood. She quickly ran to the front desk and returned with crayons and a few pages of printer paper. \"Do you wanna draw it out?\" Sofia looked at the supplies, smiled and nodded. She motioned the girl to sit across from her, which she did, and she went on to draw out the infamous story of Watership Down. The little girl looked mesmerized, watching Sofia excitedly draw rabbits and hills on the papers. Every once in a while, the girl would stop her, and asked for clarification. Apparently, Sofia was doing a good job drawing the story, because there was hardly a misunderstanding. Within half-an-hour, a majority of the plot was given to the girl, and half the crayon was used. The girl looked even more keen on reading it than before. \"Thanks so much! Do you mind if I keep these?\" Sofia shook her head no. \"Thanks miss!\" The girl gathered the papers, and ran to her mother. \"Mommy, mommy! Guess what?\" She heard her distant voice, and remembered a time when she could do the same. \"I've baked some cookies for a snack, and there is ramen in the pantry if you get hungry.\" Brad was rushing through the house, picking up paper, trying to put on his jacket, and checking his briefcase all at once. He had found a very good job offer involving forensic science in the police department, but he was running late for the meeting. Sofia watched as she ran around and giggled. It's been a while since she had seen her father like this. He rushed over and kissed his daughters forehead, uttered a quick goodbye, and ran to his car. She heard the car door slam and she heard the engine rev as he drove away. Sofia gave a quiet sigh and flicked the T.V on for a bit. Some creepy movie was on, what was it called? \"When a Stranger Calls\", she remembered, and vaguely recalled the plot. It was the newer version, which in her opinion was creepier. She settled down on the couch. She reached into her pant pocket and pulled out a phone number from earlier today. It was the little blonde girl, Charlotte's mother's number, in case she ever needed a babysitting job. As she examined the number, her fat white cat, Snowball, situated himself in her lap, and kept her company during the movie. However, the film got under her skin, and she quickly turned it off. This time, she felt as though she really needed to get out, and not forced to get out. Taking out her phone, she texted Charlotte's mother, letting her know she was up for a babysitting gig anytime. Thankfully, Sofia was just in time. That evening was date night for Charlotte's parents, and she was hired. A few hours later, her father dropped her off at a house in a more populated neighborhood that was right next to a forest. Many green bushes and trees lined the sidewalks, and as they pulled into the street, Sofia took note of the street name: Surrey Street. The sun was halfway behind the horizon when they pulled into the driveway of the Jackson's home. Charlotte shyly emerged from the open garage. Sofia exited the car, and gave a little wave to the child, and she waved back. She and her father met both parents properly, shook hands, and she was given emergency contact numbers. They told her they'd be gone for three hours at the most, and to put Charlotte to bed at 8:30. Sofia gave a smile and an OK gesture to the parents, and they drove off, along with her father. Three hours. A lot could happen in three hours. *A scene in Watership Down. Please read that book, it's such a great read c: Another chapter! I hope you like it. Please review! I promise Rodrick will appear soon! :3 -S[Chapter 3] Ever since earlier that day in the library, Sofia had thought a lot about the aspects of drawing. Ever since she was a child, she had loved to finger-paint and draw with crayons. After she had left the library, she had picked up a small sketchbook, and had brought it with her to the house. Charlotte was grinning ear to ear when Sofia stepped in the house, obviously excited. \"We're gonna have so much fun!\" She exclaimed, and burst into a fit of giggles. Sofia merely smiled, and took the pencil that was tucked behind her ear. It was still light out, and would be for bit longer, due to the long summer days. Her eyes scanned over the board games, and motioned for Charlotte that maybe they could play outside. Charlotte just smiled and picked up the game pieces and ran outside. Sofia rolled her eyes. Soon they were sitting in the driveway, in an intense game of Candyland. Charlotte was winning, but Sofia wasn't far behind. However, she was stuck in licorice, and had to skip a turn. Sofia bit the inside of her cheek, and Charlotte bit her lip with a smile. Only five more spaces, and the kid won the game. And as luck would have it, that's the exact number of spaces she had to move next. Charlotte began tauntingly counting the spaces out loud. \"One, two, three, four...\" Before se could finish, Sofia grabbed the girl by her waist and playfully slung her over her shoulder like a sack of potatoes. Charlotte laughed louder than ever and tried to get down. \"Lemme go!\" She said between giggles. Sofia pretended to think. Nope, ain't happening. Charlotte screamed as they twirled around, and Sofia couldn't help it. She let out the tiniest laugh. Suddenly, there was the sound of a window opening, and a teenager yelled, \"Keep it down, you son of a bi-\" Sofia quickly looked up at the house across the street. One of the top windows was open, probably to the attic, and leaning his head out the window was a boy. But after a moment of locking eyes with him, she realized it was the boy from the mall, the tan, tall one with shaggy hair. Turns out her gaze was lethal. It shut him up before he could finish his curse. It was hard to tell from this distance, but it looked like the boy had recognized her too. He quickly stuffed his head back inside without saying anything, then poked it out again. \"Just keep it down! I'm trying to sleep here.\" Sleep? He was causing trouble just a few hours ago! Honestly. Sofia rolled her eyes. She let Charlotte go, and the girl ran into the garage and brought a basketball with her. For the first time, Sofia noticed they had a hoop off to the side. Charlotte shot from right beneath and made it in. Sofia tried as well, and missed by a long shot. Again Charlotte made it. Again Sofia missed. It went on like this for half an hour, and Sofia glanced at her phone. 7:00. The sun was barely beginning to set, but she judged it was most likely a good time to go inside. She ushered Charlotte through the front door, but the girl still had a lot of energy. There was just enough time before her bedtime, though, to wind down with a movie, so thinking it was relevant, Sofia found the movie Space Jam on the Jackson's movie shelf, and made popcorn for her. While Charlotte watched the movie, Sofia laid on the couch, her eyelids heavy, barely paying attention. Soon, she doesn't remember when she fell asleep. Thanks for reading! Please review~ -S[Chapter 4] It was dark. That was the first thing that came to mind when Sofia woke. She checked the clock on the wall. 12:45 a.m. What was the holdup? Charlotte was passed out on the floor, and the television was turned off. Heaving herself off the couch, Sofia trudged to go turn on a light switch, but when she flicked it, it did nothing. Power outage. Taking her her phone from her pocket, Sofia turned it on. 9:45 p.m. The outage must've reset the clock, since it was digital. Even so, the Jackson's were late, but nevermind. Sofia gently scooped Charlotte in her arms and carried her up the stairs and into her room. Letting her eyes adjust to the darkness, she slipped the child under the covers and smoothed the blanket. With a final pat on the head, she left the room, door open a crack. She decided to check the power box. Grabbing a flashlight from under the kitchen sink, she went outside. The house across the street had no lights on, so maybe they had an outage too. She could ask. After all, she had no idea how a power box worked. Although she still checked it to see if there was any sort of damage. Nothing. Grabbing a notebook and sharpie, she scribbled something across the page and set off across the street. After she rang the doorbell, there was a scrambling sound and a muffled yell. The door opened, a man looking out from behind it. He took out a flashlight and shone is on her. Sofia shielded her eyes for a moment, and the man said, \"Yes?\" She showed him the paper, which said \"Are you having power problems too?\" He read the words, lips slightly mouthing them, and he nodded. \"We've been trying to fix it for half an hour now. Any luck with you?\" Sofia shook her head. \"Where do you live?\" He asked, and she pointed down the street, and scribbled something in the notebook. \"Babysitter.\" The man had opened up the door fully, and he nodded. \"I see. I'm Frank Heffley,\" he said, and shook her hand. \"Sofia Clark,\" the paper said. Suddenly, Frank changed the topic. \"Not to be rude, but why aren't you talking? Medical condition...?\" Sofia didn't move for a moment, then wrote, \"More or less.\" He nodded. \"Hey, how about you take the kids you're babysitting and come inside? We have candles, an unfinished dinner, and I've just called the electrician.\" Sofia thought for a moment. Can she trust him? She's be damned if she took help from a rapist, but to confirm his honesty, a young boy about thirteen called from behind him, \"Dad, I found more flashlights!\" After a moment of rapid decision, she nodded. \"We'll be over soon,\" she wrote, and turned to go get Charlotte. Turns out, Charlotte was terrified of the dark. When Sofia gently shook her, Charlotte nearly screamed at the fact that her night light wasn't on and providing safety. But soon the situation was explained, and reluctantly the girl followed her babysitter to the house across the street. By the time they arrived, the electrician had just shown up, and was trying to locate the problem. The two girls awkwardly entered the house, ushered in by Frank's wife, Susan. There was a prepubescent boy sitting in the kitchen, eating a pizza, while an older teen boy's voice sounded from the living room, complaining about not watching his shows. Sofia gently nudged Charlotte toward the boy, telling her with her eyes to go make friends. Charlotte just sighed and sat next to him. \"Hi,\" she said quietly. \"Hi,\" the boy replied. \"I'm Charlotte Jackson,\" she continued. \"Greg Heffley,\" he muttered, mouth full of pizza. Leaving the two kids to mingle, Sofia uncomfortably walked through the house. She smiled at Mrs. Heffley, and nodded at Mr. Heffley. Candles provided a low lighting that could almost be romantic, if not for the fact that there was no love story, and it was a power outage. She wandered into the living room and looked around. It was small, cozy. She saw the couch, barely in the dim light. Looking ahead of her, she began sitting down, but she didn't not make contact with pillows. Instead, she made contact with denim. \"Woah!\" A deep voice exclaimed, and Sofia gasped. She jumped up rapidly, hands covering her mouth. In an attempt for an apology, she squeaked, but could say no more. \"Watch where you're going, short stack,\" the voice said, and as Sofia squinted in the light, she saw HIM. It was always him. Somehow, it was always him. The boy from the mall, the teen yelling out the bedroom window. Now, she had barely escaped sitting in his lap. Well, more like his legs. As Sofia squinted in the dark, she saw him sprawled on the entire couch, hands behind his head. Oddly enough, he was wearing ripped jeans, but no shirt. His attire, or lack of attire, confused her. What was with the jeans? He was sleeping two hours ago! She gently moved his legs and sat daintily on the edge of the couch opposite him. He slid into a sitting position, hands still behind his head. He was looking at her. \"Weren't you at the mall a few days ago?\" Sofia nodded. There was a pause. \"I'm Rodrick,\" he awkwardly said. She gave a small smile and turned her eyes to the ground. \"What's your name?\" She looked back up at him with a look that said 'seriously?' He scoffed. \"Hey, just trying to make conversation. It's not like there's a stranger in my house and the powers out.\" Sofia rolled her eyes and motioned for Rodrick give her his hand. Cocking an eyebrow, he did so. Then she used what she liked to call the 'Helen Keller' method. She took his hand, palm up, and wrote her name with her finger on it. He was confused for a moment, and she did it a second time. He finally understood when she did it a third time, and got her name the fourth time she did it. \"Sofia, huh? Nice to meet ya.\" He smiled and flipped his hand to the side to shake hers. Sofia smiled and rolled her eyes. \"You probably get this a lot, but why aren't you talking?\" Rodrick squinted at her, as if trying to decipher the problem himself. M-U-T-E Sofia left her finger on his palm as she remember why she was this way. She felt like crying, but there were no tears brimming, which was a good thing. Rodrick thought about it for a moment. \"Oh,\" he finally said. \"I thought you lost your voice or something.\" Sofia merely shrugged, and pulled her phone from her pocket, letting Rodrick's hand fall to his lap. She had a text message from Mrs. Jackson. \"We're sorry we're late! A big cement truck crashed into a pretty big power line, and from what I heard all the suburbs are out of electricity. Are you and Charlotte ok?\" Sofia sighed. So that's what happened. She replied to the text saying \"Everything is fine. We r hanging out the Heffley's down the street. Charlotte is having a great time, no worries.\" As she sent it, Rodrick looked over her shoulder. \"Aaah, so you're the babysitter. Should've known,\" he said. Sofia raised an eyebrow. She gently nudged his shoulder playfully, and he nudged her with his elbow. \"You're cool,\" he said, chuckling softly. Sofia typed something on her phone and showed it to him. \"Is that a compliment?\" Rodrick huffed. \"Don't beat yourself up 'bout it. I'm just saying. We should hang out some time.\" Sofia's heart nearly stopped. This was the first time someone liked her. Wanted to hang out with her, be her friend, and willingly. She covered her mouth looked at the floor. Rodrick sighed. \"Do I have to spell it out? I'm asking for your number, Sherlock.\" Sofia nodded and handed him her phone. He entered his number, and handed if back. \"Text me sometime, 'kay?\" Sofia smiled under her hand and nodded. For the first time in ten years, she was genuinely happy. Yay! An appearance from our precious Rodrick! 3 I think next chapter will be a bit of an insight on his thoughts. Thanks for reading, please review! -S ","Summary":" \"Now, tell about your mother.\" The little girl sat in the large chair, silent and staring at the "},{"Movie":"Diary of a Wimpy Kid","Title":"Another Rodrick Heffley Love Story","Author":"purpleseal10","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9268310","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Rodrick's POV: Chapter 1:Alice and Rodrick explore I climbed into my van and stuck the keys in the igniton. I pulled around the corner, almost tipping the van in my rush to get to Alice's. She'd been my best friend since kingtergarten and I figured it was just best to spend the day with her. As I reached Alice's house I backed the van onto her drive, stepped out of the van and rang the doorbell of her house. A few minutes later, someone came to the door someone I recognised Alice's sister. \"Oh, hello, Rodrick,\" Dani had never really liked me, \"Come in, Rodrick,\" I stepped in, wondering where Alice was. \"Where's Alice?\" I asked. \"Up stairs in her room getting ready to go out with you,\" replied Dani. I climbed the stairs and went into the second bedroom on the right, knocking before I entered. \"Hello Alice! How are you doing?\" I shrieked \"Oh hi, Rodrick! I'm fine thank you, how are you?\" Alice asked lively Alice disappeared behind the door and downstairs. \"Come on, Rodrick!\" bellowed Alice. \"Where are we going!\" I bellowed back. \"To explore the world!\" shouted Alice. \"I'm coming!\" I shouted running downstairs to find Alice in the hall way with her coat and shoes on waiting for me. \"Get your coat and shoes on, Rodrick\" said Alice disappearing into the closet and grabbing my coat and shoes. \"Here put them on.\" Alice said I grabbed the coat and shoes off Alice and put them on. \"Thanks. I'm ready let's go.\" I said and I opened the door. \"Ladies first\" I said Alice walked through the door. As Alice stepped into her car and slid the keys into the ignition, I pulled a face at her \"What?\" Alice asked \"You seem over excited\" I replied. \"I'm fine,\" Alice back of the drive. Approaching the Derbyshire field Alice drove on to greave Lewood school. \"ALICE!\"I squealed as Alice swerved to avoid the child dancing in the middle of the road. \"Oh sorry just imagining something\" Alice said \"Ok love try to focus on the road\" I said desperately \"We're here.\" Alice announced. Excited Alice got out of the car getting carried away and left \"Ok Alice lets go.\" I said but Alice was no where to be seen. \"ALICE!\" AN: Thanks to 'Guest' for pointing out my mistakes. My sister has edited any mistakes and made sure things make sense.[Chapter 2] chapter 2- Amelie Alice's POV I was excited and my stomach was tingling as if there were butterflies flying around inside me. Everything was going great, Rodrick was at my car hopefully and I had some time to explore the woods for birds were singing in the trees and as I walked passed each tree, I couldn't help but hear and unusual sound. I heard a sobbing sound. I walked towards the tree and the sound grew louder and more similar to a sound I knew. \"Amelie!\" I called wondering whether it was her or not. \" Yes?\" Came a upset voice \"What's wrong, Amelie?\" I asked. Amelie was my best friend and I worried about her a lot. \"My friend Rob is in jail.\" Replied Amelie \"Don't cry, I'll help you.\" I said comforting her. At that moment, Rodrick appeared. \"There you are, Alice where have you been?\" Asked Rodrick hugging me. \"I just thought I'd explore the woods and then I saw Amelie here so I decided to help her.\" I explained. \"Oh, ok\" Said Rodrick trying to understand \"Anyway, Amelie, I'll pay bail.\" I said \"Are you sure, Alice?\" Amelie said \"Thanks, I'll drive you to jail because its in Derbyshire\" \"Thanks\" I said ... Finally, after an hour and a half of driving, we reached Plainsview jail. \"I'll go in by myself\" I said waving the $120.00 in front of Amelie's face. Approaching the front desk, I took the $120.00 from under my jacket pocket. \"Hi\" I said to the women sat at the desk. \"Hi. Who are you here to visit, speak to, or bail out?\" The Women at the desk asked. \"I'm here to bail out Rob Markinson.\" I said. \"Yes I'll just go and tell the prison guard to let him out.\" Said the Women. \"Why you wait put the $120.00 on the desk please.\" Five minutes later the woman returned. \"There's no record of any Rob Markinson being in this jail.\" Said the Woman. \"Sorry.\" Running to Amelie's car, I sat in the car. \"Where's Rob then? \"Amelie asked.[Chapter 3] chapter 3 Where's Rob? 3rd Person POV: \"Unfortunately, he wasn't in prison.\" Alice said woefully, answering Amelie's question. \"What!\" Amelie demanded. \"Why was he in jail anyway?\" Alice asked. \"Because he stole some tobacco from the corner shop.\" Amelie explained \"Oh.\" said Alice. \"Where does he usually hang out?\" Alice asked. \"I don't know he'll probably be halfway across America now.\" Amelie said ... An hour passed and the gang still struggled to find Rob. Rob was actually with Amelie's brother, Brian. \"Rob, where you going?\" Brian asked dumbly. \"I'm need to see Amelie.\" Rob told Brian \"She wasn't at home but she'll probably be looking for you.\" Brian said trying to help. \"Try calling her.\" Rob instructed. \"I don't have her number saved and I can't remember the last digit.\" Brian said. \"Try them all 1...2...3...4...5!\" Rob shouted annoyed .\"FIVE! That was it.\" Thankfully Rob gave Brian a pat on the shoulder and they both climbed into the car. \"No look, man. Can't find her.\" ... After unsuccessfully phoning Amelie, Rob and Brian returned to Brian and Amelie's house. The door was locked so Brian rang the doorbell. \"Who is it?\" Came Amelie's shout.[Chapter 4] chapter 4- The Sad, Sad Times. \"REALLY?\" shrieked Amelie when Rob announced it was him. \"ROB!\" Shouted Amelie, excited, letting them in. There was a gun shot sound and Rob fell to the floor. Amelie ran to the narest phone in her house and called the ambulance. Twenty minutes later, the gang was crowded in the hospital waiting room. It was quiet in the waiting room for the hospital. A doctor entered. \"Amelie, Rob. I'm sorry, Rob died on the operating table.\" Amelie fell to her knees and started crying. Alice dragged Amelie out of the hospital with Rodrick behind. One hour later at Alice's home the phone rang. \"Hello?\"said Amelie, struggling to speak through tears. \"Hello. It's Police Chief Brook. Someone came in and turned there self in for the murder of Rob. \" \"Thank you. Who was it?\" Asked Amelie. \"Annabell Jenkins\" Said Police Chief Brook. ","Summary":" Rodrick's POV: Chapter 1:Alice and Rodrick explore I climbed into my van and stuck the keys in the "},{"Movie":"Diary of a Wimpy Kid","Title":"The Mentor","Author":"vampiresunburns","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10624125","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter One \"A city of apathy, Heralding blasphemy Shouted from rooftops Caught like Persephone-\" \"Sorry for interrupting, Keira Blackfoot, please report to the main office. Thank you,\" the droning voice of the office attendant cut into my English presentation. I groaned and gathered my papers. \"Hurry up please, we need to get to the next poet!\" My ditzy English teacher exclaimed. I sighed, already walking out the door. I jogged down the hall of the high school, wondering what could be in store for me at the principal's office. Before I arrived, I remembered that I had signed up to mentor a freshman a few weeks earlier. That must be why they called me, to give me a little freshie! When I stepped into the main office's waiting room, the attendant just pointed at the principal's door. I smiled at her, hoping that would cheer her a bit, and knocked on the door. \"Come in! Ah, Keira, just the lady I wanted to see!\" Principal Bastion grinned at the senior. \"Hey Principal Bastion, what's up? I'm assuming this has to do with the mentoring program I signed up for?\" I examined her face and found a smile of approval. \"I'm glad you remembered, and yes. Your freshman is Greg Heffley. Ask around and figure out who he is, because he's taking a test at the moment and I can't call him out class in the middle of it,\" She handed me a schedule and patted me on the back. \"Thanks for coming by.\" \"No problem,\" but it's not like I had a choice, I thought. During lunch, I asked my friends and they all said they had no idea who he was. So, I found some freshmen who pointed Greg out to me. He was on the cusp of attractive, as most freshmen are. A little taller than average, skinny with dark hair and light eyes, I couldn't tell their exact color from that distance. I moseyed on over to him and sat down at his table. A hush fell over the ninth graders as I plopped myself into a seat and stuck out my hand to Greg, whose eyes, I discovered, were a bright blue. \"Hey, I'm Keira. I'm going to be your mentor for the duration of the school year. Basically I help you and guide you and stuff,\" I smiled reassuringly at him and he relaxed a bit. \"Hey Keira, I'm Greg and I guess you're going to be mentoring me!\" Greg laughed brightly but a little nervously and shook my proffered hand. \"Alright cool, meet me by the doors after school. I'm sure you'll be able to find me!\" I laughed. \"Yeah, you are pretty distinctive,\" Greg chuckled in agreement. And I guess I am, with my hair in a bright blue buzzcut and my clunky boots and facial piercings. \"Alright, well see ya in a bit,\" I waved good bye and returned to my table to finish lunch.[Chapter 2] Chapter Two After school, I waited for Greg to find me. I spotted him looking around, oblivious to the fact that I stood only a couple yards away from him. \"Hey Greg!\" I shouted. That sure got his attention as he whipped around and lit up when he saw who yelled. \"Hey Keira!\" He scampered over to me. \"Wassup? Also where's your house? I thought we could do some homework together,\" I felt pleased that Greg seemed enthusiastic as he gave me directions. \"Alright, cool. I shall see you there in a few! Wait, how are you getting home?\" I inquired. \"Oh, don't worry, my brother is picking me up in his van,\" Greg reassured me. \"Oh ok, I'm taking my bike so you'll be home way before I get there!\" With that, I hopped on my bike and pedaled off. When I arrived, panting and slightly sweaty, the van was parked and the boys in the house. I sighed, caught my breath, and wiped the sweat off my face before knocking on the door. An unfamiliar female face greeted me as she opened the door. This lady was obviously someone's mother but had aged well, with red hair and eyes that twinkled behind thick frames. \"Hi! Are you here for Rodrick? I'm Susan Heffley, Rodrick's mother!\" She spoke rapidly and enthusiastically. Clearly, this was where Greg got his happy demeanor. \"Actually, I'm here for Greg, you see-\" \"Greg has a girlfriend? Oh, finally my little boy is growing up!\" Susan gasped excitedly. \"No ma'am, I'm actually his mentor. The seniors who signed up were paired with a freshman whom we, including me, would then guide and help throughout the transition to high school,\" I explained. Susan was about to speak until Greg popped his head around her side. \"Hey Keira! You found us!\" Greg smiled and waved me in as Susan nodded, as if satisfied with something, and walked away. \"Thanks Ms. Heffley!\" I called after her. \"Please, call me Susan!\" She replied pleasantly. \"Alright, Susan,\" I said, trying out the new name. Greg pulled me to the living room and apologized for his mom. \"It's alright. I was kinda freaked out that she thought you were my girlfriend, though,\" I laughed. \"Oh yeah, sorry about that. She thinks every girl I bring over is my girlfriend,\" Greg groaned. \"Oh, you cheating on me now, eh?\" I nudged him and winked. \"Most definitely, I got all the girls!\" Greg joked with me for a bit. A couple minutes later we started on homework. Pretty soon, Greg's mysterious brother appeared. Dark, choppy hair and light brown, slightly feline eyes. Tan skin and a mischievous, magnetic aura. Overall, extremely alluring. That is, until he opened his mouth. \"Yo twerp, what's this bald, chubby girl doing here?\" He took a sip from his cup of what I assumed was juice and examined me. Greg stuttered with fear and anger, but I'm able to stick up for myself. \"Hey Greg, what's this twiggy asshole doing here?\" I glared. The brother sputtered and stomped off. \"Sorry about that, he's my brother Rodrick. And yes, he's a twiggy asshole.\" Greg giggled and continued, \"He's in college but it seems like he's mentally still in middle school!\" I hmmphed and continued helping Greg with his math homework while finishing mine, which required a carefully finagled system of patience and multi-tasking. Finally, Greg moaned and massaged his forehead, \"I'm so done, Keira please have mercy!\" \"Alright, alright! We can stop,\" I laughed. Susan called for dinner and I realized how late it was. \"I really have to get going!\" I exclaimed, just as Susan cut in with an invitation to stay for dinner. I thought about it and then acquiesced with a smile. Family dinners were rare in my house and I thought it would be nice to have one for a change. Susan called everyone to the table, filled with food of course, including her husband, Frank, and the obnoxious Rodrick. I, unfortunately, sat across from Rodrick. I tried to pay attention to a delicious meal of roast, green beans, and mashed potatoes but Rodrick's eating habits, while fascinating, were mildly disgusting. He shoveled food down his throat, chewing and smacking loudly. Pretty soon, five minutes later to be exact, he finished the meal and disappeared up the stairs. Frank groaned and rolled his eyes. Susan only sighed and smiled fondly, \"Honey, he's expressing himself!\" \"Well he could express himself a little more quietly!\" Frank threw his hands over his head in exasperation. \"I'm sorry, but what?\" I cocked an eyebrow in confusion. Susan answered as Frank opened his mouth to speak, \"Oh, Rodrick has this little band. They practice in the garage after dinner!\" \"Oh okay, do you think I could stay to hear them play?\" I felt curious to see if the twig had any scrap of talent. \"Of course! Look here he comes now, my little rockstar!\" Susan cooed as Rodrick trumped down the stairs, drumsticks in hand. \"Ugh, mom!\" Rodrick shouted, very unlike a rockstar, in my opinion. I giggled as he huffed into the garage and started beating the drums. About ten minutes later, I heard the rest of the band trickle in and start setting up. Then I heard the vocals. \"LOADED DIAPER! EXPLODED DIAPER!…\" I cringed at the horrific lyrics, immediately conjuring actual, meaningful words from my mind. I turned slightly disdained eyes back towards the Heffleys. Susan had a pained smile pasted across her face while Frank's twisted into a grimace. Greg was just calmly eating and silently laughing at my expression, I'm sure. Although the lyrics sucked ass, the actual vocals and band sounded pretty good, some might even say they were talented. \"Um, has anyone ever tried to write, yaknow, actual lyrics for them? Because they obviously can't write themselves,\" I raised an eyebrow at the rattling door leading to the garage. \"No, I prefer to just let them be, in order to express their emotions more freely!\" Susan closed her eyes and sighed inaudibly as she spoke. \"Are you thinking of helping them? Do you write?\" Shocked enthusiasm replaced Frank's grimace. \"Yes, my poetry has been showcased in various contests and newspapers, local and national,\" I explained with pride. \"Oh! Then you could definitely help them!\" Frank flinched as an especially discordant note struck his eardrums. \"Alright, I think I will,\" I promised, already formulating a plan of the conversation. Ew, I'm going to have to spend quality time with Rodrick, I realized. Well, it's a sacrifice I will have to make, I guess.[Chapter 3] Chapter Three The next day, Greg offered to give me a ride in Rodrick's van instead of me having to bike all the way to his house. I was grateful because that ride is tiring as hell. However, Rodrick. Hopefully, his attitude improved from yesterday. I unlocked my bike from the rack and waited with Greg in front of the school. We waited. And waited. And waited. Finally, thirty long minutes later, a white van with \"Löded Diper\" messily painted on the side pulled up. The window rolled down and Rodrick's face looked out from the driver's seat. \"Twerp, get in the back. Girl, you can sit up front,\" Rodrick directed. \"No offense Keira, but why do you get to sit up front?\" Greg looked disgruntled. \"Because she's not a little runt like you,\" Rodrick replied nastily. \"Because I have a vagina,\" I answered simultaneously. \"I think I like Keira's answer better,\" Greg rolled his eyes. With that, Greg hopped in the back and I in the passenger seat, after passing my bike to Greg, hoping it didn't crush him during the drive. We sped off, even before I buckled myself in. I heard several crashes and bangs from the back of the van. Worried, I asked Greg if he was okay. \"I'm fine,\" he replied with a pained grunt. \"If you say so,\" I skeptically pursed my lips. A bit later, the van lurched to a stop in front of the Heffley house. I fell out of the van, a little dizzy from Rodrick's driving, as did Greg. Rodrick calmly swung out of the driver's seat, of course. Greg and I took a couple seconds to steady ourselves while Rodrick, nonchalant as ever, waltzed into the house. We followed him into the living room and set up our homework while Rodrick went to the kitchen, because apparently driving was thirsty work. While I helped Greg with homework, Rodrick dashed up the stairs to his room in the attic. Nothing new, so I concentrated on explaining algebra to my mentee. About ten minutes later, I heard Rodrick clatter down the stairs. I assumed he and his thirsty ass was going for some more juice. Unexpectedly, Rodrick sauntered into the living room and dropped his annoying buttocks down next to me. Greg and I looked at each other, then warily at the young man scribbling on a well-worn piece of paper next to me. \"Um, okay,\" I drew the word out a little. Rodrick looked up from his frantic scribbling, \"What? A guy can't sit in his own living room?\" \"No, not when his name is Rodrick,\" I raised my eyebrows at him. \"Deal with it!\" Rodrick replied saucily, raising his eyebrows back. I huffed out a laugh and rolled my eyes. Rodrick smiled in return, surprisingly enough. A little dazzled, I gave him a half-smile and returned to my homework, already done helping Greg. After a while, Greg and I both finished our respective assignments. Rodrick had turned on the television by that time and was watching some cartoon. \"So, now what?\" Greg asked me. \"Well, if it's not too late we could go to a movie at that theatre down the street. I hear they're playing Rocky Horror Picture Show!\" I suggested. \"What's that?\" Greg looked genuinely interested. I gasped, \"We definitely need to go, then!\" Greg skittered off to go ask Susan if we could miss dinner. \"So, you like Rocky Horror Picture Show too? It's a great movie,\" Rodrick grinned. He had an amazing smile, part genuine, part wicked. It was a rather intoxicating combination. Oh lord, I thought, I can't be attracted to this guy! He's a complete ass! But, I guess I was starting to like him, or at least his smile. I snapped back to reality, \"Yeah, it is. You could come along if you wanted.\" \"Nah, I have to work on songs,\" Rodrick flashed another smile. \"Oh, is that what that paper is?\" I inquired. \"Yeah,\" Rodrick suddenly became shy and I decided not to push the subject. We chatted a bit more while Greg convinced his mom to let us miss the familial ritual that is dinner. I learned a lot about Rodrick in those few minutes. Like, he's pretty charming and funny, if not the most intellectual. More importantly, Rodrick was willing to allow me to help him and his band with lyrics, provided that I showed him my poetry beforehand. I agreed and with that, Greg returned and dragged me away from Rodrick towards the movies. We walked to the theatre, as it was only a brisk twenty minutes away. We bought our tickets and stepped through the doors just as the movie started. A couple hours later, we bounced through the theatre. We, especially Greg, raved about the movie the entire way home. We parted ways at Greg's front door, where we hugged and I grabbed my bike. Greg went inside and I cycled home.[Chapter 4] Chapter Four Further in the school year, near Thanksgiving break, Greg accosted me in school. He excitedly informed me that his parents are going away for a weekend and Rodrick wants to throw a party. Greg also told me that he and Rodrick already planned most of it out, they just needed someone to help set up. \"Oh wow, now I know why you keep me around!\" I joked. \"Pshhh! You know we love you!\" Greg laughingly replied. I wondered who \"we\" were, possibly Rodrick was included? Since the party started Saturday evening, I showed up on the Heffley's doorstep at about noon that Saturday. Rodrick opened the door at my knock, looking sleepy and disheveled. I was embarrassed to find him rather sexy. Goddammit, I thought. When I smiled at him, he lit up for a second. Then, the illusion passed as he rolled his eyes and called for his brother. \"Wimp! Your tutor or whatever is here!\" I rolled my eyes in return and walked under Rodrick's arm, learning that he smelled amazing, and ignoring his \"Hey, I didn't let you in!\" in favor of hugging Greg. I ruffled Greg's soft hair and he wriggled away from me, giggling. I clapped my hands together \"Alright guys, what do we need to do?\" Rodrick, who is apparently party planner extraordinaire, jumped in with directions. Greg was to grab tables, I was to make refreshments, \"Because vagina!\", which meant that I hauled coolers and ice around. Rodrick placed himself in charge of music, which I made sure was danceable. Rodrick's friends brought the booze and I stashed some in carefully placed coolers, all blue, leaving one red cooler for non-alcoholic beverages. After that, we gathered up all the fragile items and chucked them in the basement, my brilliant idea. The set-up finished, I realized, thanks to Rodrick, that my attire was entirely inappropriate to the event. In other words, my clothing was comfy and rather dorky, not revealing and enticing. I floundered for a bit, because I needed clothes but I couldn't bring Rodrick to my house. Finally, I hit upon a solution. \"Rodrick, grab the van,\" I ordered. \"Um, okay?\" Rodrick looked taken aback at my sudden authority. In the van, I directed him through the roughest ghetto in town. Stopping in front of what could only be called a shack, Rodrick's face reflected his fear. Suddenly, five or ten amigos covered in gang tattoos spilled out of the shack. They started circling the van, raising eyebrows at the löded diper logo. Completely at ease, I hopped out the van and shut the door, cutting off Rodrick's squeak of protest. Upon sighting me, the amigos enthusiastically greeted me in Spanish. \"¡Hola! ¿Como estás, niña? Long time no see, eh?\" (Hey! How are you, girl?) \"Sí, yo sé. Lo siento!\" (Yes, I know. I'm sorry!) I apologized. We chatted a little bit longer and laughed at Rodrick's look of shock. \"¡Este chico parece ser simpático y hermoso, pero un poquito estúpido! ¿Es su novio?\" (This boy seems to be nice and handsome, but a little stupid! Is he your boyfriend?) An older amigo I considered my father inquired. \"¡No, no, no! Y sí, él es hermoso y estúpido, ¿pero simpático? No.\" (No, no, no! And yes, he is handsome and stupid, but nice? No.) I vehemently denied the possibilities. \"¿Por qué no nos encuentra él?\" (Why doesn't he meet us?) My \"father\" wondered. \"Porque él teme de ustedes,\" (Because he's scared of you guys) I informed him. Everyone laughed and smiled at Rodrick, who nodded stiffly back. \"Hmmmph. ¡Él va a encontrarnos!\" (Hmmmph. He is going to meet us!) With that, I pulled Rodrick out of the van, brushed him off a bit, and presented him to my replacement family, whom I lovingly call the amigos. \"Rodrick, say hi! They don't bite. Much,\" I winked at everyone. \"Um, hi,\" Rodrick waved weakly. \"Hey pretty boy!\" One of my \"brothers\", Angel, catcalled. Rodrick's eyes widened and he jerked his head back. \"Hush, Angel. What's your name? I'm Paco,\" my \"father\" introduced himself. \"Hi Paco, my name is Rodrick?\" He questioned his own name, the poor guy was so nervous. \"Well, you know Paco, my papa, and Angel, my brother. My other brothers are Jesus, David, Jose, Luis, and Paco Jr. The rest of my family is inside,\" I grinned and led Rodrick inside the shack. \"Wait, you're Spanish?\" Rodrick furrowed his brow in confusion. \"No, my real family kinda bailed on me, so these guys are the family I've chosen,\" I explained, \"I'm half Cherokee and half German, don't ask me how that happened.\" When we got inside, the smells of heavenly, homemade Mexican food greeted our noses. The lights were on and the salsa music blasting. Rodrick laughed incredulously, probably shocked at the amount of happiness stuffed into such a tiny home. I left Rodrick to learn the wonders of Mexicans while I went up with my sister's, Carmen and Marisa, to get dressed and my face painted with makeup. After a good hour of plucking, puckering, and pulling, I stood in front of the mirror. A vision in black, I felt exposed in the tight minidress that showed off the curves I never even knew I had. My face looked smooth and radiant with long lashes and red lips. Basically, I was one sexy motherfucker. I returned to the kitchen, my red stilettos clacking on the tile, to find Rodrick stuffing his face and laughing with my family as if he'd known them since the dawn of time. When everyone noticed me, the room grew maddeningly silent. I was about to grow self-conscious until my brothers bursted into whistles and tongue rolls. My father nodded in cautious approval and winked at Rodrick, who looked as if he'd seen God for the first time. I grinned at his gape and walked out the door towards the van, swinging my hips, hopefully looking seductive. Apparently it worked, cuz Rodrick followed like a zombie and everyone followed him for hugs, kisses, and goodbyes. We got to the house just as the party started. \"Yo, can I borrow your eyeliner?\" Rodrick raised his eyebrows, daring me to question him. Rodrick in eyeliner? Hell yes! \"Sure,\" I tossed it to him. I just about died after he slathered the black kohl around his eyes and blinked at me innocently. I gulped, nodded and carefully stepped out of the van. Rodrick followed suit with a \"I could have helped you or something, yaknow.\" I told him thanks and walked up the steps with him towards the raging party in progress. ","Summary":" Chapter One \"A city of apathy, Heralding blasphemy Shouted from rooftops Caught like Persephone-\""},{"Movie":"(500) Days of Summer","Title":"(Infinity) Days of Snow","Author":"RadCherishIsEve","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10950247","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own anything. I co-own Snow (with S.B.A.) and I own Zack, Butch and Sasha. I thought of making a Tom/Bliss fic but I realized that I haven't watched (500) Days of Summer yet, so I did. I didn't really enjoy it but the ending was okay (I love Minka Kelly). My friend and I were having lunch one day and we both came up with Snow. And we also both figured that Ellen Page would be perfect. To better visualize this, imagine Ellen Page as Snow and Sam Claflin as Zack. Enjoy! This is dedicated to carameltootsieroll. (874) \"How's the job hunting coming along?\" Rachel asks. She ties her hair in a ponytail and looks out at the field. It's the fifteen minute break from soccer practice and she decides to hang out with him instead. \"Was working in Highland really giving you a break?\" \"I've gotten a lot of callbacks,\" Tom answers, not taking his eyes off his sketch-pad. \"So yes, I'd like to think Highland gave me something. The ones that are accepting me are giving me a time period to think about it, I told them that I had other options and wanted to finish the prospects first. I'm having another interview tomorrow. It's the last and the most important.\" \"Impressive. Sounds like you aren't even a jobless guy.\" Rachel sneaks a peak at what he's drawing. It's a girl. \"Which firm?\" He takes a deep breath and looks at the younger girl. \"Avalanche Corporations.\" (858) Paul puts down his bottle of beer. \"You've got an interview with Avalanche Corporations?\" His jaw drops and his eyes look for any signs of a trick. \"That's…huge!\" \"That's why my interview isn't until two weeks from now. And that's just me being lucky because someone was too chicken and had to cancel his appointment.\" \"Why would anyone want to back out from their appointment in Avalanche?\" McKenzie shakes his head. \"They're lucky enough to get an interview.\" Tom shrugs. \"Right now, I only care that I'm able to have an interview. Now that I have a chance—\" McKenzie cuts him off, \"An interview isn't a chance.\" \"—I might actually be a part of something bigger.\" (856) He'd see her on the train sometimes, most of the time she's looking around, as if she's hiding from someone. He'd see her in the diner, too, eating regular meals as if they're the most delicious things in the world. Sometimes at the karaoke bar, he'd find her drinking beer alone. He sees her in the park lots of times, too. But he never gave her much thought. She's just a very pretty stranger that he regularly sees. So imagine his surprise when he sees her in the entrance of the theatre talking to strangers who stop to listen but eventually leave her. He sees her sigh with disappointment and put her hands in her pocket. His legs take him to her and he asks, \"Are you okay?\" She looks at him and shrugs. \"Yeah. Just…,\" heaving a breath, \"would you like to watch Inception with me? I know you've probably seen it already but this theatre does show reruns and I have an extra ticket and I'm not very...I'm not really up to watching it by myself since I was supposed to be with someone and—\" \"Sure,\" he says, \"why not? I was planning on watching that anyway.\" (858) \"And did you enjoy it?\" McKenzie asks. Tom looks away from the window and to the person in front of him. Paul is waiting for an answer, too. He hesitates and then nods, a small smile forming on his lips. \"Yeah, I did.\" (856) The night was going greater than he expected. She brings him to Sundae's Best, an expensive ice cream restaurant, and she orders a treat without even looking at the menu and acting like it's no big deal. She even asks him to get whatever he desires. \"Just get anything,\" she urges. And he gets a parfait he has always wanted to try. He suddenly blurts out to her that had broken up with his girlfriend, Autumn, about a week ago and resigned from his job earlier that morning. She asks him why. \"We were both the only candidates for a really big promotion. She's always wanted it and so I let her have it. Everything was okay but I noticed the changes. I talked to her about it and when I told her she was my girlfriend...she told me that she's also my boss.\" His companion cringes. \"That really stings.\" He agrees. \"Broke up with her the next day. My sister liked her but even she noticed that she was too work-oriented.\" \"Do you have any job prospects?\" \"A lot, but,\" he looks out the window and eyes the tower with shining lights that says Avalanche Corps., \"I've always wanted to work there,\" he sees her look at the tower, too, \"and I've been trying to get an interview but slots are always filled.\" \"Will you promise me to try calling again?\" He raises his eyebrows but realizes that there's nothing he would lose if he did. \"Sure, one last time.\" He shrugs. \"What were you doing alone in the theatre and asking random strangers to watch a movie with you?\" \"I was supposed to be watching with my dad but he...um...had a last minute business call and had to go back to work.\" She smiles and takes the last bite of her ice cream cake. \"I never asked you your name.\" \"Tom. Tom Hansen.\" He smiles at her. \"I just spent a night with a total stranger. I'm just lucky she's cute,\" he flirts and notices her blush. \"What's your name?\" (858) Paul raises his eyebrows and leans forward. \"Well? What's her name?\" \"What's her name, man?\" McKenzie joins. \"Don't tell me you didn't get it.\" \"Did you get her number?\" \"Are you going to see her again?\" \"Tell us you're going to see her again.\" \"Can you at least show us how she looks like?\" \"Yeah, surely she has a social networking site.\" \"How many beautiful girls do you see and compare them to what that girl did to you.\" \"Dude, you've got to go and get her.\" \"Forget about Autumn! Didn't you tell us that you expected something like that would happen?\" \"She's a career-oriented woman.\" \"And they are not your type.\" Tom blinks and nods. \"Right, her name. It's…\" (856) \"Snow.\" She grins. \"Snow Lanché.\" After taking that in for a few seconds, he grabs his jacket beside him and leaves right away, ignoring her when she asks what's wrong. \"Tom!\" Back to day (1) (1) He isn't fully over Autumn. But he got the job at Avalanche and is now starting his first day. Rachel, who had wanted to wish him good luck on one of the most nerve-wracking days of his life, smiles at him. \"You got this.\" (456) He's been working for Avalanche for a year and a few months and he loves it. He's made friends, he's gone out with a few women and has even become friends with his boss. \"I like you, Tom,\" he said once, \"your ideas are different and I like that.\" Mr. Lanché had been consulting with him personally since then. \"I think you and my daughter, Ava, would be good friends.\" The only thing that sucks is that he hasn't seen Snow. Not on the train. Not in the diner. Not in the karaoke bar. Not in the movie theatre. Not in Sundae's Best. Not in the park. During his free time he would draw her. However, there's always something wrong with it, always wondering what he's missing. So he'd flip onto another page or grab a new, clean sheet and start drawing again. When Paul and McKenzie noticed, they think that the excuse he gives them, \"It's not perfect,\" he would say, is a lie. (489) With his headphones on and his bag stuffed with all he needs and a little too early for his liking, Tom is ready to go up to his desk and finish his endeavors for the day. When he reaches the building, he's not entirely surprised that the elevator quickly opens and no one else is waiting but him. He goes in, punches his floor and waits for the doors to close as he tucks his headphones down. Already closed halfway, someone calls for the elevator to be put on hold. He does so and waits for the lady to come in. She arrives, her head bent low as she's rummaging inside her bag. \"Sorry,\" she says and then thanks him. \"Usually I'm alone and I don't normally care about getting the first ride I see, but I have to go upstairs and—\" she looks up, \"oh. Hello.\" He blinks. It's the same pale face, her brown locks being held up in a bun, her brown eyes staring intently at him. It's the lips, the smile, he can never perfect. \"Hi.\" \"You got the job,\" she says, smiling. \"I'm glad.\" \"Do you work here, too?\" She laughs a little although it sounds as if there are undertones of irritation. \"Well, of course. I don't want to but—\" she stops herself, \"because I'm just...I'm the...I'm...a trainee! Yeah. I'm a trainee in the...um...research department.\" \"Oh,\" he nods, trying to search his mind for any news about new recruits, \"you're early.\" \"I...left some files and I need to get them for my...report tomorrow...thought I'd sneak in and get them before anybody notices.\" \"You haven't pressed your floor,\" he tells her. She looks at the buttons and takes her time before pressing twelve. \"You didn't press close yet, either.\" She presses the button a few floors below him and up they go. (489) \"Is the company hiring again?\" he asks Butch, one of his co-workers. Butch shakes his head. \"We're a full house. You're still the latest addition. Why?\" \"I met someone in the elevator this morning. I kinda know her. She said she's a trainee in the research department.\" He cocks his head. \"Was she lying?\" \"Probably,\" the other guy raises his eyebrows, \"but you said you know her.\" \"Yeah, we went on a sort of date once. She's the reason why I called the company, actually,\" he tells him. \"She's why I'm here.\" \"Interesting.\" Butch moves forward. \"And how does she look like? I might have seen her around.\" Tom begins to describe her but something else catches his eyes. By the door, is the woman he had gone with to see Inception. \"Like her.\" He gestures. Sasha, another of his co-workers who he's a little close to despite his distaste of her eavesdropping habit, suddenly appears in between them. \"Her? A trainee in the research department? That's crazy, Tom. Are you sure?\" She takes another look. \"Are you very sure?\" \"I'm very sure, Sasha,\" he replies. He tries to catch her eye but she's talking to the boss. When they finally make eye contact, her eyes widen and she turns around, talking once again to Mr. Lanché, he nods and immediately turns away. \"She's already close to the boss?\" \"She's a Daddy's girl, Tom,\" Butch says. \"That's Ava Lanché, dear boy. The Ava Lanché. Heiress to this very company. Daddy has a daughter and can't resist naming her Ava.\" He chuckles. \"What were you saying about her being a trainee in the research department?\" \"She said her name's Snow,\" is his reply. Lanché , he didn't make the connection. \"That's her nickname. She's pale faced, beautiful and sweet. Like Snow. When she was younger she was a little on the chubby side and everyone made fun of her, with her name being something destructive and all, you know, avalanche, and there's a resemblance on the physical side, you can imagine all the teasing. One day, during the start of a new academic year, she came to school looking all brand-new and became the ice princess. Cold. Like Snow.\" \"She's...the president's...daughter,\" he says quietly. (490) The sun wasn't even up yet when he started getting ready. He was outside before the building was even open. He's been waiting for about an hour now. The security guard and April Marie, the keeper of the front keys, greet him \"good morning\". While opening the door, April Marie says, \"You're early, Tom.\" \"I'm waiting for someone.\" And it all pays off. After she gets in an elevator, he rushes inside and waits for the machine to close before putting it in an emergency stop. \"Did you have anything to do with this?\" \"I don't know what you're talking about,\" she says without looking at him. \"Did you ask your father to hire me? The position I have now? My relationship with your father ? Did you have anything to do with any of this? Be honest, Ava.\" \"I only asked him to give you a chance, that he'd tell his secretary that if anyone named Thomas or Tom Hansen called for an interview, she should set up a schedule. It was just a coincidence that someone backed out and you got the slot. But I have nothing to do with all the other accusations. I swear. I didn't even ask him to hire you. That was his choice.\" She pauses. \"And I don't want you to call me Ava.\" They remain silent for the rest of the time until security and IT experts open the elevator. \"Miss Lanché,\" one of the men calls out to her, \"we saw you in the camera footage, we thought you were stuck and—\" \"My colleague and I were having a discussion, emergency stop,\" she tells them. \"Oh,\" they say. \"Do you want us to close the doors again?\" Tom raises an eyebrow. Snow smiles a little. \"No, it's fine. We're done talking.\" She presses the last floor, just a floor above Tom's, and thanks the workers. \"We are done...aren't we?\" He doesn't reply, instead, he watches the numbers go by the elevator. When it dings and opens for him, he walks out but stops when Snow calls his name. \"Do you wanna go out for coffee later? I'll pick you up at around five?\" He turns around and sees her smiling hopefully. \"Sure. Why not?\" (490-855) The two had become very good friends. Tom looked past what had happened and they started anew (he did ask her how she managed to dodge him for a year, she replied that she memorized the building and could use her all-access ID to enter shortcuts). He never once called her Snow and continues to call her Ava. She had asked why once and he told her the reason, including why he ran out of the restaurant during their first meeting; she understood. She explained to him why she didn't want to take over the company and would rather be a teacher. He brought her to the karaoke bar and helped her have fun; he even got her to sing a lot. And they go to his favorite spot in the park frequently. They talk all day, constantly IM-ing each other during work hours and texting or calling when they're free. Once she convinced her father that she could go home by herself during certain days, he never fails to bring her home and she insists he calls once he gets back to his own apartment. On weekends, despite having work to do—Tom with clients that he has to help and Snow with her father's orders—they're on the phone all night and would meet up during the day; sometimes, they'd abandon their work and have fun. At one point, Snow had confessed to him her feelings, and although his feelings for her have also started to grow, he wasn't prepared for another relationship and he didn't want to ruin their friendship. \"I'm sorry, I don't...feel the same way.\" She smiled and nodded, understanding. It hasn't affected them at all. Until Zachary Williams. Please check out chapter 2! It's already there![Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I don't own anything. I co-own Snow (with S.B.A.), and own Zack, Butch and Sasha. Oh, and the other original characters. I forgot to mention that. This is dedicated to D.B :] (856) During one of their coffee breaks, Tom notices that she isn't as lively as usual. \"Ava, what's wrong?\" he asks. \"Are you having a bad day?\" She shakes her head and takes a sip from her tea, which he should've known was the first sign. She only has tea when she's stressed. \"No, it's just that...my old friend is coming back tonight and we kinda left things in awkward terms.\" \"Oh,\" is all he says. \"What happened?\" \"Um...we were close, questions were asked— the question was asked and...um...I declined the offer.\" She shrugs. \"We never really had much contact after that...because I'm not sure of how it'll work out so I'm really nervous.\" \"It'll work out,\" he encourages. He shouldn't have. He really shouldn't have. Because once they're back in the office, once Tom steps out of the elevator, whispers and chatters could be heard all around him. He asks Butch what's happening. \"Is something wrong?\" \"Zachary Williams is coming back, Tom. And we all know what that means,\" he smiles, \"wedding of the century!\" \"What wedding?\" he asks. There's a small smile on his face; he's never been fond of weddings but he has imagined himself as a groom in more than one occasion. There are cheers and claps coming from near the door. There's a sharp-dressed man with dark hair and blue eyes. Handsome. People are shouting \"welcome back\" to him. The man smiles sheepishly as he acknowledges the ones around him. With careful and confident strides, he stops in front of Tom's desk. \"Are you Tom Hansen?\" \"Uh...yeah. Can I help you?\" \"I'm Zack Williams. I heard you're close to Snow.\" There's a pause and Tom can figure out why. \"She isn't in her office upstairs. Her dad didn't notice her slip away and her secretary won't give me proper answers. Would you happen to know where she is?\" Tom shakes his head. She hasn't IM-ed or texted him. \"I'm sorry, no.\" \"Oh, I see. I also heard you two have dinner together almost every night,\" the man says with a smile that doesn't reach his eyes, \"do you mind if you bring her to Sundae's Best tonight? The restaurant near the theatres in—\" \"Yeah, I know where that is,\" Tom cuts him off gently, \"and sure, I'll bring her.\" \"Thanks,\" Zack smiles, \"thanks a lot, Tom.\" \"He introduced himself as Zack to you, Tom,\" Sasha says as she fans herself with her hand, \"that's big. He must really want you to bring Miss Lanché to Sundae's Best. He introduces himself as Zachary to everyone who isn't in the same status.\" Butch jokes that Zack could have him murdered if he doesn't bring Snow to Sundae's Best. He doesn't want to take the chance. Zack Williams really looks like someone who could do that. When he meets up with Snow for dinner, he suggests that they go to Sundae's Best. She tells him that he doesn't like the place because it's too expensive. \"Did Zack put you up to this?\" she asks. \"I don't know what you're talking about,\" he murmurs. \"If it was him, you have to tell me, Tom,\" she demands, \"I don't know how to answer him yet. I can't...Tom! Is it Zack?\" \"Yes,\" he answers, finally, \"but you can't back out now.\" They've stopped right in front of the store and Zack waves at them from behind the glass door. \"What did he ask you, Ava?\" She doesn't answer, instead she takes a deep breath and enters the building. Tom follows and he's surprised to see some of his co-workers but he sits on one of the stools beside Butch. \"What's happening?\" Sasha appears and begins to squeal. \"Oh my god, it's happening! It's happening! We're getting an answer!\" \"Who is Zack Williams anyway?\" Tom asks. \" Zachary Williams , is only only the heir to the Williams fortune! They own the Kipping Bank!\" Sasha replies. \"So I'm no match for him,\" he mumbles dully. Butch turns to him. \"You like Miss Lanché?\" \"Oh, I'm so sorry, Tom,\" Sasha says in a whisper, rubbing Tom's shoulder sympathetically. \"I…I…well, for what it's worth,\" she begins to bite her lip, \"I've always thought that Miss Lanché had a thing for you. I think she rather fancies you more than she ever fancied Mr. Williams.\" \"That doesn't boost up my spirit at all, Sasha. And awhile ago you were cheering for him,\" Tom reminds her sourly. \"Or are you sorry for that, too?\" She frowns. \"I was just...they were the power couple, Tom. They're meant to be together.\" \"Save it, Sasha,\" Butch snaps, handing Tom a beer. \"Drink. It might help.\" Tom rolls his eyes but takes down a huge gulp, not minding the burn that goes down his throat as the liquid passes by. \"Excuse me, ladies and gentlemen, I'd just like to make a little speech for the most beautiful woman in here.\" It's Zack and Tom can't look away from the scene playing in front of him. Snow is standing awkwardly in the middles of the room, facing him, with Zack beside her and looking at her like she's the best the best thing in the world. And for Tom, he can't blame Zack because she probably is the best thing in the world. \"Snow, three years ago I asked for your hand in marriage. You didn't accept because you said you that you needed time. I was heartbroken. But I respected your decision and gave you the space you wanted. So I went ahead to Europe despite being so angry at myself because I haven't won you over and I just kept wishing that I had you waiting for me here as my future wife. I hope the time we spent apart from each other was enough for you to think…and ask you again. I love you, Snow. I have never stopped loving you. I would think about you every day. You're amazing. Simply amazing. I'm not telling everyone here our story for sympathy, but I wanted them to hear our journey.\" He gets down on one knee, reveals a black velvet box from his vest and asks, \"Will you marry me?\" Snow doesn't reply at first. She looks around her and then, their eyes connect. Her eyes are pleading but Tom doesn't falter. Looking down at the man, she says, \"Yes.\" (857) \"Why didn't you tell me?\" he asks her. Snow had the decency to visit him in his apartment the next day, and he's not sure whether to be happy or not. He had wanted to talk to her since last night but never had the guts to call her, and he's also...hurt. It's like his ex-girlfriends (and not so ex-girlfriend) all over again. Except he and Snow never had a romantic or sexual relationship. \"I didn't think it was important.\" His voice rises, \"I'm your…\" and then stops himself, \"your best friend. You could have told me you had a boyfriend who's out of the country.\" \"He isn't my boyfriend,\" she corrects. \"Right, he's your fiancé now.\" He rolls his eyes. \"Yes, he was my boyfriend but we took a break when he asked me to marry him because I didn't feel the connection. I thought that there was someone out there for me. I love Zack, I really do, but not in the same way as...not the same way I love you, Tom.\" \"You picked him last night.\" \"Because you said you don't feel the same way!\" she snaps. \"Why are you so mad? He was also my best friend before but it changed when he left. There was awkwardness and no sense of closure. He asked me to marry him three years ago and I declined.\" \"If you knew he was coming back then you should have never told me that you loved me.\" \"But I did and I still do! I thought you felt the same way, that's why I told you. When you told me that you didn't feel the same way, I didn't want to tell you about him right away because I didn't want you to think that you might have just been a scapegoat! And then it just slipped my mind, but I found out that he was coming home earlier than expected and I just panicked.\" \"Well I love you!\" Tom shouts. She stands still. \"What?\" \"I love you,\" he repeats. \"I love you, Ava! And yes, I admit, this whole argument is my fault, I should have told you sooner that I love you. I fucking love you, Ava! And now that you have...that,\" he eyes her engagement ring, \"and him….\" \"Why didn't you tell me?\" (745) \"I think I love her,\" Tom says to his sister. They're in the diner and he's telling her all about Snow. Rachel seems happy for him and she urges him to tell her. \"Do you think it's too late, though?\" \"She's still with you, isn't she?\" Rachel confirms. \"She hasn't told you about some boy she's seeing, right?\" He searches the back of his mind for an answer. \"You're right. I'll tell her.\" (747) He's being blocked by a stack of boxes inside the elevator. The men pushing the cart had apologized but the people inside were squeezed like tuna in a can. That's when he overhears some gossiping workers. \"Miss Lanché is hanging out with that architect a lot.\" \"The cute one?\" \"Tom, I think is his name. I think they make a cute couple, don't you think?\" He feels himself smile at that. \"But she can do so much better,\" the same person coninues. He frowns. \"I agree. She's beautiful, she's smart, she's the heiress to this company and she's rich. She can have any man she wants and she's going to get it with someone who's not even in the highest position in the architecture department?\" \"But I heard that Mr. Lanché is close to Tom. Surely he doesn't want his precious daughter to marry someone of…lesser status, right?\" The elevator dings and the doors open. He hears their voices begin to soften and he deducts that they've gotten off. Their words continue to ring in his ears and infiltrate his mind. That night, he calls Rachel and tells her what happened. \"They said that!? Those bitches.\" (903) Their relationship was never the same. They constantly tried to avoid each other. Once, he was on a blind date with a woman. It wasn't a disaster until the very end; he called the wrong name in bed. He even said 'Snow'. This caused the woman to make him leave right away. Talking to Paul and McKenzie didn't help either. Rachel was helpful but she wasn't always present. Just a week ago, the newspapers, tabloids and especially magazines, have been posting pictures of the newly engaged couple. Many journalists have tried setting up interviews, but with Snow living a private life and Zack busy, all were turned down. Tom hates seeing headlines and pictures of them together. Tonight is the annual winter ball and Tom had tried his hardest to look his best. He wanted to impress people, to show them that he can just be as good looking as Zachary Williams. Last year, Mr. Lanché had informed them that his daughter wouldn't be able to make it due to her illness; now that he thinks about, Tom hopes that she wasn't too sick. When he reaches the hotel, cameras are flashing around. Last year, he had Butch and Sasha walk the red carpet with him. This year, he knows how to handle it and he swiftly gets inside the building. In the ballroom of a lavish hotel, Tom sticks mostly to Butch and Sasha. \"Do you know when they'll be arriving?\" he asks. \"Miss Lanché always makes an entrance, her gowns are to die for,\" Sasha fawns. \"I wonder what she'll wear tonight.\" After about half an hour, the doors open, Sasha squeals, and in comes Mr. Lanché in a custom suit, with a tie that that matches his wife's blue dress. Zack is also with them, and his tie is silk silver. And then there's Snow. Her dress is silver with beautiful, elegant patterns all over it. There's even a snowflake that hides her cleavage. At first glance, it looks like a skimpy, narrow, off-the shoulder dress that reaches the floor. But upon closer inspection, Tom sees that the skin that is revealed at the topmost of her body is being covered by sheer material. Her hair is down, with ringlets around her shoulder, and her make-up is not at all exaggerated. \"Are you going to just stare at her,\" Butch starts, \"or are you actually going to go talk to her?\" Tom does manage to talk to her. It's already eleven when he gets the chance, though. All she did so far was socialize with the elite and talk and dance with Zack. He spotted her leaving the room and heading to the restroom. \"Ava!\" he calls out when they're alone. She turns around. \"Tom.\" \"I need to talk to you.\" \"Sure,\" she says, \"what's up?\" \"Um…first, you look very beautiful tonight.\" She smiles. \"Thank you, Tom. You look very handsome yourself.\" Taking a deep breath, he says. \"And…I don't want you to marry Zack.\" She raises her eyebrows. \"Excuse me?\" \"I love you, Ava. And...I can tell that you don't love Zack.\" \"I loved him before, Tom,\" she says, folding her arms in front of her, \"I can love him again just as much, maybe even more. Now if you'll excuse me, I have to check my appearance.\" As she starts to walk away, he can't help but tell her one more time about how beautiful she looks. \"Thank you.\" (1385) The day of the wedding. He had planned on not going, to spare himself, but Butch and Sasha had made him go. Paul and McKenzie thought it was a bad choice until they thought of an idea. It would be embarrassing from the beginning, probably be the laughing stock if it failed, but hey, if it works, then it'll be all worth it. Even if it's the most beautiful wedding he's ever gone to, even if it took months for this to happen, and Snow's dress is as beautiful as she is, and maybe the cameras around the church would make things more nerve-wracking, he didn't want to back out. So as the priest says the words that he's been waiting for, Tom jumps up from his seat, pretending that the wedding is a disaster and that the cameras all over the place would not face him and dare put his name in the headlines next to the wedding of the century's or that Zack and his family could probably declare him missing in a day, and exclaims, \"I object!\" Gasps could be heard all around. Snow and Zack turn to look at him with wide eyes. Snow begins to shake her head, wanting to save him from embarrassment, most likely. \"I'm not rich, I'm not the heir to some company and I may not be as good looking as the groom,\" he starts, swallowing down his pride, \"but I work hard, I'm educated and I love you, Ava. I should have told you sooner, I know I should have and we could have saved ourselves from this, but I was terrified. I didn't...I didn't want to be turned down because I wasn't worthy of you. You're beautiful, you're smart, you're the heir to one of the world's biggest companies even when you want to be a teacher.\" He smiles when he sees her smiling. \"In society's eyes I'm not worthy of you, but I can prove to you that I am. I can and I will.\" She smiles wider. He grins. It doesn't even take her a second to decide as she quickly turns back to the man in front of her. \"Zack—\" \"Save it,\" he stops her, \"let's not go through the drama. I should have known something was up when you hesitated to answer my proposal.\" \"Zack, I'm so sorry.\" He shrugs and kisses the top of her forehead. \"This doesn't mean that I'm burning and drowning at the same time inside.\" She frowns as he casually steps down and moves pass everyone. His parents run after him but not before they give evil eyes at the bride. Cameras flash and murmurs can be heard. She lowers her eyes for a moment before walking down as well. She stops in front of her parents and gives them a pleading look. Mr. Lanché smiles at her. \"Just because I'm your father and I own a company doesn't mean that I'll stop you.\" \"He must be really worthy if he had the courage to stop a wedding that's being watched by millions,\" Mrs. Lanché adds. Snow hugs them both before running to Tom who had been waiting for her in the aisle. She jumps and he catches her effortlessly. \"I love you.\" \"I love you, too,\" he responds. \"It would've been easier if you broke off the engagement,\" he jokes. \"And give you an easy time? I don't think so,\" she says. She smiles and kisses him. (2480) Three years of dating all leads to this. It's snowing outside and Snow had thought of building a snowman, just for fun. They're now on the body, with Tom handing out buttons that had fallen off shirts for Snow to press on their masterpiece. \"There's one more,\" he says. \"We don't need more,\" she argues and then looks at the man, \"do we?\" \"He needs a heart,\" Tom continues and hands the item in his hand to her. \"If you say so,\" Snow says smiling and begins to put the round item on the man made of snow. But as she does, she looks at it first and then gasps. \"This isn't a button, Tom.\" He shakes his head and gets down on one knee. \"Ever since you came into my life, everything's changed. You're my good luck charm, if you didn't notice. And I tried my best to show you how worthy I am to be yours and for you to be mine. Now that my position in your family's company is more secure,\" he had just been promoted to president of the architecture division, \"and I finally realized why all my past relationships didn't work, and why winter is my favorite season,\" he kisses the back of her hand, \"it's because of you. You know I love you. I love you so much. And I would love to come home and call for my wife.\" \"We work in the same place and get off at the same time.\" She giggles. He smiles. \"Then I get to say, 'I get to go home with my wife' every day. And I think we're ready to have Casey and Spencer, too, don't you think? I know I'm ready to teach Casey all my tricks and spoil my princess Spencer.\" She laughs. \"Does that mean I'm the less-fun parent?\" \"We can be both.\" He chuckles. \"So what do you say? Will you marry me, Snow?\" She grins. \"Yes, Tom. I will marry you.\" Despite his bad luck with...life, in general, Tom finally did get a happy ending. (1) This is actually just a summary but I don't think I'll have time to write it all. Hope you enjoyed it! Please tell me your thoughts! And there are pictures in my profile :D ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own anything. I co-own Snow (with S.B.A.) and I own Zack, Butch and Sasha. I th"},{"Movie":"Diary of a Wimpy Kid","Title":"Diary Of A Wimpy Kid:The Patty and Greg school days","Author":"Blue eye beast 93","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8840658","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dear readers, if any. ;) I own none of the characters. Just Gracie and the parents. The rest of the Characters belong to Jeff Kinnley, and his brillient mind, and the movie directors and producers of wimpy kid movies. Love you all. 3 It had been a couple of years since the first Christmas that Patty had come over to the Heffleys house hold, while her parents drove away in the sunset. She had been so tired of their bull and lies. She was also tired of how many times they dropped her off at the Heffley house when they had to leave for months, or sometimes only a short few day or weeks. Not that she didn't like spending time with the Heffley's, it was just embarrassing was all. One time a year ago her mother had dropped her off at the door step, and Patty knocked. Mrs. Heffley opened the door, surprised to see her standing in her pajamas. Then when Patty figured out later that her mother never called to tell them, she felt even more ashamed already, saying how sorry she was for intruding in on them like this. But of course all of them were nice to her, . . .Well except Rodrick, but what do you expect from him? By now Mrs. Heffley knew everything about what Patty was allergic to, and what her favorite meal was. The Heffley family knew more about her then her real parents. Now she was standing by the door, not wanting to knock again, she hated the hopeless feeling sinking in. She knew she was a bother to the Heffleys. She hated being a problem to people. But the Heffley's were practically like family now. So maybe it didn't matter. \"Who am I kidding, of course it matters!\" She stated, rubbing her brows. She was now sixteen, she should be able to choose to stay home. But of course her parents didn't want her to trash the house. She was about to knock when Greg opened the door. \"Heffley?\" Greg smiled, \"Well, no duh, Patty Ferrell.\" She grinned, feeling happy to see him, which was once not clear to her then, was now very clear to her why, \"It's been a while.\" she said, putting one of her long strands of hair back behind her ear. He shook his head, grinning down at the ground, looking happy himself, and nervous \"Only a couple of months. Why would you care anyways?\" She did the same as him, \"Gone for only a couple of months? It's been practically a year. I thought Greg Heffley, awesome writer explore, would know that.\" He laughed, patting her shoulder \"Patty, I only took a little while longer because of my aunt.\" \"Well, Heffley, that was when your dad was gone with you. You must have stayed longer because you liked it?\" She said, looking curiously over at him. \"Yeah, I guess I did, New York is always really just so interesting.\" He replied, reminiscing. \"Yeah? Well you missed a lot.\" She looked down at the ring on her pinky, \"I mean a lot has changed also.\" He smiled the nerdy smiled he always did, \"Like what?\" She scoffed, feeling sorta frustrated at him, \"What do you think, Heffley?!\" He shrugged his shoulders, \"Patty, this is kind of secret that most people know, but don't usually have to say!\" \"What?\" She sputtered, glaring at him. \"It's called telling someone what you're thinking, because they can't read your mind.\" He smiled stiffly. Patty rolled her eyes, \"It's not that important anyways, I guess I'll just go!\" \"Where?\" he asked curiously, \"Aren't you staying at our house?\" Patty felt herself become red in the face, \"I am old enough to make up my mind, Heffley.\" Patty growled, looking heatedly back at him in anger. \"Wait, Patty, don't go.\" Susan said, coming up behind Greg, and racing out to her. \"Why are you leaving?\" Patty looked over at her. \"I'm sorry Mrs. Heffley, I just think that I am old enough to be on my own.\" Patty tried smiling sweetly at her. Susan just smiled and rubbed Patty's shoulders, \"Well, as a second kind of mother figure, I say you have to stay, since I am in charge of you, . . . both.\" She gave Greg a look. Greg just shrugged, big eyed, wondering what he said, \"What?\" \"You know what! You two need to be nicer to each other.\" Susan said, eyeing them back and forth. \"Now!\" Patty rubbed her brow, \"I know he's your son, Mrs. Heffley, but he drives me up a wall sometimes.\" Greg, half offended and half confused at why it was all his fault Patty had an anger problem, just walked a little closer towards them, \"Well, how do you think I feel?\" he asked, defending himself, \"Patty Ferrell drives me up a wall also. You know how to push my . . .my-\" Greg was trying to think of the word. \"Buttons?\" Patty offered slowly, \"YES!\" He said, flinging his hands in the air, \"I mean you can be so cute sometimes, and then you are so beautiful also, but you can drive me so crazy with your nonsense!\" He paused, and chuckled nervously, realizing what he had said. \"I need some water.\" Then he exited in the Heffley house hold. Patty stood there, angry. \"He-he thinks he can just call me pretty, than insult me! Mrs. Heffley.\" She looked back at the mother who was just chuckling, \"You and Greg should be in a sitcom, I swear, even when your mad at each other-\" She saw Patty's look. \"And obviously this is not funny, none whatsoever, but I am still adult, and mom, what I say goes!\" Frank looked at her from out the door. \"Oh, and Frank too.\" she said sternly, then looked back at him and mouthed, \"Sorry!\" Patty nodded, agreeing with her. \"I know Mrs. Heffley, I just really hate your son.\" \"Hey now, I don't believe you hate him, Patty. I just think you two are just really clueless about each other.\" \"Well, we are friends, but sometimes I just want to punch him.\" Patty stated, punching her fist in her hand for an example. \"Hey Patty, I forgot to tell you, I got a new video game today, wanna play?\" Greg asked, hurrying out to her, excited like. Patty got excited than also, but trying to act like she was still mad at him, \"Heffley, If there's one thing I know we agree on its the video game choice.\" He smiled at her, nervously, \"And you know I don't hate you, right?\" Patty smiled back, \"I know, I don't hate you either.\" He placed his hand on her shoulder, and kissed her on the cheek, \"I'm sorry for being a jerk.\" he said, backing away. Patty looked down, flushed, hands crossed. \"Me too, I know I should be nicer to you, I'm sorry also.\" He smiled, \"Cool.\" She rolled her eyes, \"Yeah, cool, you nerd.\" she said, playfully punching his shoulder. \"Ow, and you know you like nerd!\" Greg teased walking in with her to the house. \"Yeah, okay, says the nerd\" She teased back. He went towards her, \"I'll get you for that, Patty Ferrell!\" he laughed, grabbing her waist and tickling her. She went forward, trying to get away. \"No!\" she giggled, trying to push him away, \"Stop! ahahaha! You know- hehahaha! I-I'm, ah, ticklish!\" She pulled her hands towards his shoulders, trying to push him off, laughing insanely by his hand tickling her tummy. \"Wahahaha, s-stop, hahahahaha!\" Then suddenly he stopped short. He had backed her up to a wall, and was very close to her. She could feel his breathing. She looked up at him. He looked like he was trying to smile at her. She still had her arms to his shoulders. He moved his hands lightly towards her back, moving her closer to himself. She felt light, but breathed heavily. Her heartbeat was racing. Her head felt full, but light at the same time. He moved his head closer to hers, \"I missed you.\" he whispered, closing his eyes as he tilted his forehead onto hers. Then he moved away from her, his hands letting go of her waist. His face seemed strange, and happy, but confused, \"Uh. Lets go play . . .\" Patty breathed out heavily, hand in her hair, other hand on her heart. \"Yeah, le-lets go, Heffley. . .\" Susan had seen it all, and smiled. It was a little like how she and Frank were back in the day. All smitten, and silly crazy in love. \"What happened,\" she asked him, curiously. Frank just stared at her, \"What do you mean?\" \"Frank, I miss the romantic gestures, the young love feeling.\" He smiled, going over to hold his wife, \"I know, you miss being young, but we aren't that old.\" he said kissing her head, \"I will always love you. Susan smiled warmly, \"I love you always too.\" then she let go of him, \"But I wanna be young!\" she whined. \"I know sweetie, . . . I know.\" He said, moving away slowly from his wife. \"Frank?\" Susan shot at him. He did a little, oh man!, gesture. \"Hm?\" he asked, feeling disappointed that she caught him. \"I know you want to play with your toys-.\" \"Hey, they aren't toys! They're figurines!\" he said defensively. \"Frank, there toys! Know come help me find out how we can feel young again!\" \"But-\" Frank whimpered, pointing at the basement, \"I was just going to-\" Susan sighed, \"Fine, after your done with those toys?!\" \"Yay!\" Frank smiled, running down to his civil war toys. \"And they are figurines!\" Susan just rolled her eyes, \"Okay, Frank.\" Then she smiled. A/N: Hope you like this second story of Patty and Greg as much as I did writing it. Love, ~Just another girl~ .[Chapter 2] Patty came down stairs one morning towards the kitchen, she had her hair down, she always straightened it in the morning, her white blouse and perfectly blue jeans matched her looks perfectly. She had gotten Rodricks room ever since he went to college , she threw out most of the stuff he had left, and put in her own little necessary things in there. Like her pink ruffled pillow, and pink bed spread. A yellow lamp sat on her little table beside her bed. Then some of her books, movies, paint supplies, and stuff animals and i-pod were on all different sides of the small room. Also, of course, a picture frame sat next to her lamp of her boyfriend, Matt. Anyways, everyone was down stairs except Greg, and Manny. Susan smiled at her, \"Hey, Patty, look who came.\" Gracie smiled over at the table at Patty, and sat next to a tired looking Rodrick, \"Hey you! How are you doing?\" she squealed, running over to her little sister. Patty smiled, walking over to her and hugging her, \"Hey, Gracie! I'm good. Just got here yesterday! It's so good to see you! How's it going at school?\" Gracie looked happy, \"It's great! Other than missing you guys and Rodrick, it's been great!\" Gracie just kept telling Patty about all the awesome things going on in her life. Patty just smiled, thinking the most exciting thing happened to her this year was her boyfriend. \"That sounds really great!\" Patty smiled, feeling a little jealous that her sister knew she wanted to become a writer and teacher. Rodrick just moaned, and rubbed his eyes. \"Rodrick, honey, what's wrong?\" Susan asked, and they all looked over at him. He hit himself inwardly for making a noise of pain, \"Just a little head ach. My teachers are making me study harder than I've ever probably had too, and then I have concert gigs, mainly at night, obviously. Than work is dragging me also, and it's hard to do all those things so closely together. And then I come home, and everything. I'm just really tired, sorry.\" Susan rubbed the side of his shoulder, \"You go in and take a nap on dad and I's bed.\" She smiled, \"You don't have to try to stay awake for us.\" \"I know,\" Rodrick said, looking over at Gracie. Gracie smiled at him. \"Why don't you lay on the couch and I'll join you.\" she said, going over to him, and rubbing his back. He smiled tiredly at her, \"That sounds great.\" Gracie leaned down and kissed his head, he closed his eyes and laid his head back on her shoulder, groaning as she rubbed his shoulders. \"That feels nice, thanks.\" She smiled back, kissing his cheek, \"You're welcome.\" Once they left Patty heard Greg walking, running, down the stairs quickly \"I'm late!\" he said, Rodrick smiled evilly at him. Greg's hair was messy, and his dark tee-shirt and the ripped jeans that he was wearing, looked a lot like hand me downs from Rodrick. \"Rodrick!\" Gracie said, slapping his arm. \"Don't be so mean!\" Rodrick just laughed, and headed towards the living room, pulling Gracie with him, \"Greg, it's only 6:15.\" Gracie smiled sympathetically at him. Greg looked over at her, than Rodrick, \"Why when he comes home am I the first one he tortures?\" Patty laughed, \"Because he's your brother.\" Greg looked over at her, \"So you'd let your sister do that to you?\" Patty casually reached over for her plate of toast and over easy eggs she had made for herself, \"No, because I would be the one to do that, not her.\" \"How would you know?\" Greg asked, sitting down by his father. \"Because, Heffley, I just do.\" Patty spat, sitting down next to Susan, and took a small bite of toast, and a drink of her coffee. \"Yeah, but if I did that. . .?\" \"Then I'd beat you up once more.\" She smiled, stabbing her fork into her food. Greg rolled his eyes, \"Funny.\" \"I thought so.\" She said, reaching over for some of the newspaper laying on the table near her. Greg looked over at Rodrick and Gracie, \"I don't understand one thing?\" \"What's that Greg?\" Susan smiled, handing him his cartoons He smiled, thanking her, and starting to eating some of his pancakes and bacon, \"Why would any girl want to date Rodrick?\" he asked in a mouth full, \"I mean he's smelly, mean, and cranky. . .? \"So pretty much you?\" Patty replied, sitting back smiling at him. He smiled back, swallowing his food, \"Would you like some oj with your eggs?\" he asked, holding up the orange juice. Patty looked curiously over at him, \"Sure, thanks . . .\" Greg brought it over to her cup, and poured, but nothing came out, \"Oops, I guess I must have drunk the rest, sorry. . .\" He said sitting back down, smirking. Patty glared over at him, then went back to eating her eggs. \"Jerk. . .\" Later Susan drove them to school. Patty and Greg got out quickly. Both cringing when she told them how much she loved them both. Patty smiled back anyways and waved, Greg grabbed her arm and dragged her away quickly. \"Whew, now I know how it feels to actually be embarrassed by a parent figure besides my own!\" Greg chuckled, and pat her back, \"Yeah, I know, it's awfully scary! Huh?\" Rowley came up behind them, \"Hey guys, hows it going?\" \"Okay, I guess.\" Greg said, smiling at Rowley, \"Have you missed me?\" Rowley smiled widely, \"Of course I missed you, Greg! You're my best friend!\" He went over and gave Greg a big hug, \"You missed me too?!\" Greg patted Rowley's back, \"Yeah, buddy, I did. . .\" Patty laughed, \"Rowley, you are so funny. Greg didn't miss any of us. He was having too much fun in New York.\" Greg looked back at her, \"Patty, that's not true!\" Patty came and put an arm over Rowley's shoulder, \"The only one he's probably missed is-\" \"Patty!\" Came a girl's voice. Greg smiled at Holly Hills, his lovey dovey eyes showing. Patty smiled over at the girl, \"Hey, Holly! How was your summer?\" Patty asked Her, who was bouncy and bubbly, \"It was okay! How was yours?\" Patty looked down, blushing, \"You know how it was!\" Holly gave her a silly grin, \"Of course, you and Matt, right?\" Greg came out of his trance, and looked over at Patty, \"Who's Matt?\" Greg asked weakly, feeling funny. Patty turned even more red, \"Um,. . .he's, . . .my boyfriend.\" Greg looked shocked, \"Y-your boyfriend? You have a boyfriend?\" Patty smiled , \"Yeah, so what? It's not normal for some boy to like me, or something?\" Greg held his hands up, \"No, that's not it, I just. . .I don't know, I -I?\" Greg felt weird, \"I think I need some water.\" He said, walking into the school halls. \"What are you dehydrated or something?\" Patty asked, concern pulling at her. Greg chuckled, hand in his hair, \"No, I think I'm just not feeling so good for some reason. . .? Maybe it was the pancakes.\" He said, shrugging out of her arms that were wrapped around his shoulder, trying to help him. \"I mean why would I feel this funny over you?\" he said bluntly, mostly to himself. \"Over me?\" Patty asked, searching his eyes. He paused, staring back at her, heart beating fast, he fumbled back a bit, \"I-I think I just need to go to the nurse,\" Patty grabbed his arm, and put it around her shoulder, \"I'll help you.\" Greg shrugged out of her arms once more. \"Patty, I'm fine. I think I'll be okay.\" She stared at him. He didn't seems to be hurt, or even suffering from pain. But still, something must have been there. \"Are you sure?\" She asked in a firm voice with her serious blue eyes. He nodded his head, smiling \"Defiantly sure, stop worrying, I'm fine.\" Patty looked relieved, then looked around at the people staring at her and Greg. Holly came over towards him, \"Are you really okay, Greg?\" she asked, putting her hand up to his forehead. He smiled nicely, \"Um, yeah! I am, thanks. . .\" a little red hue showed up on his cheeks. She smiled back,. \"Good!\" Patty stood there and watched them, feeling a little jealous. She shook it off, \"I'm with Matt now. He's great!\" Suddenly a guy with sandy blond hair, and brown eyes came up to Patty, \"Hey, it's my girl!\" Patty turned and smiled at him, \"Hey, it's my boo!\" Greg looked sick again watching them, \"Really? Boo? Really?\" Patty glared at him, \"Shut it, Heffley!\" Matt was taken back by her anger, \"Whoa, where did that come from?\" \"No where Matty watty!\" She cooed at him, hand on his chest. \"Where did that come from? You mean you don't know the dark side of Patty Farrell?\" Greg asked coming in between them. Looking them back and forth \"The evil, mean, sometimes funny, Patty Farrell?\" Patty rolled her eyes. \"Poor soul!\" Greg said looking back at her. Matt just stared uncomfortably at him, \"This must be the famous Greg you've talked about before, huh?\" She nodded her head at Matt. Greg looked surprised, \"You told him about me?\" Patty rolled her eyes, \"Don't be so flattered.\" she smiled, trying to push him away \"Who knows what I told him.\" Greg glared at her, \"Yeah right, like-\" Patty gave him a look. He gave one back, \"What?\" \"Leave,. . .NOW!\" Patty hollered, anger oozing out of her. Matt came up behind them, \"Greg, you seem like a really nice guy and all, but could you just back away, you know, since Patty is my girlfriend and all, it just makes me a little uncomfortable you being so close to her and all.\" Greg smiled teasingly, \"Oh, of course, since I'm a nice guy, . . .and all.\" \"Thanks man!\" Matt said, grinning, \"That's really great of you, and all!\" patting Greg's arm, they started to walk away. Once they were gone Greg sighed and turned back to Rowley. \"You okay, Greg?\" Rowley asked, his plump face showing concern. \"Yeah, I'm fine.\" Greg said, trying to look okay. He wasn't though, not even when the bell rang and they had to get to first period. It was honestly just a good day until Matt and Patty got all lovey dovey. \"Why do I care so much?!\" He asked himself, walking beside Rowley. Rowley looked over at him, \"Whatcha talking about, Greg?\" \"Nothing, . . .\" He said. He stopped Rowley, \"What does it mean when you feel like your stomachs just been hit a bunch of times over a girl?\" Rowley shrugged, \"Did they punch you or something?\" Greg paused and looked over at him, \"Feels like it.\"[Chapter 3] A/N: Sorry I haven't updated yet. But it's just cause I started to write another story, and forgot to update on the newest one. Hope I don't disappoint. But if I do, sorry, wrote it the way I wanted, lol. ;) Greg swung on the porch swing slowly, watching Patty and Matt talking in serious looking faces. \"I'm not interested in that.\" he said to himself, shaking his head in annoyance as he went back to studying his homework. He was always good at studying outside. \"Hey Greggy, what you doin'?\" Rodrick asked, sitting down beside him. Greg didn't say anything. \"Oh, come on you can't be that mad can you?\" He laughed, punching Gregs arm. \"What do you need Rodrick?\" Greg asked, sighing, and looking over at him. \"Oh nothing, I was just thinking about giving you some advice.\" He said, feet criss crossed on the seat. \"And what would that be?\" Rodrick chuckled, \"Well, little brother, just don't be an idiot is all. You know, not see something before it's to late, or act on it before it is.\" He said, looking down at his feet as if remembering, \"May come back and bite you in the butt. And you might even lose it.\" \"Rodrick, . . .What's wrong with you?\" Greg asked, a bit of worry bubbling up to the surface. Rodrick got up quickly, \"Nothing, butt brain! So just buzz off.\" Greg watched as is brother stormed inside. \"What is his problem?\" Than Gracie came out with a suit case and it looked like she had been crying. \"Wait, where are you going?\" Greg heard Patty say, as Gracie went down the stairs, \"B-back to School.\" Patty grabbed her arm, \"Why are you crying, Gracie?\" Gracie just looked back at the house, than back at Patty, \"No reason. I-I've just got to go! I can't stay!\" Than with that, and Greg's mom trying to come out and talk to her, Gracie was gone. \"What was that all about?\" Greg asked Patty, who was sitting on the stairs, \"I have no idea Heffley? Absolutely no idea?\" \"Did Rodrick and Gracie get into a fight or something?\" He asked, and Patty stood up abruptly, and turned to him, \"Why, is it any of our business?\" Greg looked down at her, \"Patty?-\" She had tears flowing down her cheeks. Her face in a shocked looking sort of pain. A pain of something he had seen on her before, a pain he knew he could never fully understand. \"Where's Matt?\" He asked. Coming towards her and hugging her. Patty was surprised. \"Um- He left a few minutes after Gracie came out.\" \"Oh.\" was all Greg could think of to say, and he held her close, \"I'm sorry Patty, but Gracie didn't leave you. She left from Rodrick.\" Patty moved a little ways back to look at him, and sighed, \"I know Heffley, but you and I both know how my insecurities are. The are pretty big.\" she says, as she goes back into his embrace and closes her eyes. \"You know, your family and you have helped me a lot though.\" Greg smiles, \"Really?\" He feels her smile back, \"Really.\" \"I'm glad we could help, Patty. . .\" He paused, laying his head on hers. \"I bet you are, Heffley!\" She mumbled, breathing him in. They both realized they were enjoying this way to much, and pulled apart. Clearing her throat, Patty glanced a peek up at Greg, \"Um, I'm going to go inside, and check on Rodrick.\" It was weird, but the norm now, but ever since a few years ago, Rodrick and Patty had become really close, just like brother and sister. Greg smiled, wishing he was like that with his brother. But Patty, probably without realizing it, had that way with people. Even him. \"Okay. Um, see you soon.\" Once she was gone, Greg looked over at his mom, she had her hand over her forehead like she was sad, and tired. Turning back she saw Greg, and smiled weakly, \"Hey, sweetie. How are you doing?\" Greg tried to smile back, \"Um, okay, I guess?\" She came over towards him, \"That's good. Let's go inside.\" \"Mom?\" He said, and she looked at him waiting, \"What just happened?\" Susan sighed, and didn't reply back for a long while, \"Nothing, just that Gracie and Rodrick just broke up.\" She said, rubbing her temple. \"And Rodrick had just proposed to her.\" \"What?! That's not nothing, that's asking her to marry him!\" Greg said in shock. \"Shhh!\" Susan said, putting her finger to her lips, \"Rodrick may here you, be considerate of your brother!\" Than suddenly Rodrick came out, running towards them, than passing them, running to his car. A look of panic was on his face. \"Rodrick! Where are you going?!\" Susan yelled, as he sped off. \"He's going to Gracie.\" Patty panted, coming behind them. \"What?\" Susan asked, shocked. \"Yeah, he's going after her. He and I had a talk about a few thing that makes Gracie run away with fear.\" she said, leaning on the side of the porch. \"Like what? What is Gracie ever been afraid of? She's the most fearless person I know.\" Greg said. Patty looked over at him, \"When it comes to things like mountain climbing, school, moving, and everything else, she is. But when it comes to commitment, she get's scared, cause she remembers how committed my mother and father were to us, and their lovely little partner ship.\" she sits down on the porch swing next to Greg's home work assignment, \"I'd say anyone would be scared and run away if they didn't want to become that.\" Greg chuckled, and sat beside her, grabbing his homework from out of his hands \"Are you serious? Rodrick is nowhere near rich. Actually he's broke poor.\" She scoffed, \"Doesn't mean he'll always be that way. He is actually getting better at what he does.\" \"Drums? Greg snorts, \"Even if he did, Rodrick isn't like that.\" Patty flicked Greg on the arm, \"Doesn't mean he won't be someday. And I highly doubt my sister wants to be like my mom.\" \"But she won't be!\" Susan stated, coming and sitting down in the middle. \"And my son will not be like your father, no offense to your family.\" she said, rubbing Patty on the arm all mother like. Patty grins, and rubs her neck like she too is tired.\"Yeah, I know, doesn't mean she knows that.\" \"Well, what should we do now?\" Greg asks her. Patty smiles, \"Wait, while Rodrick gets her back.\" Greg smirked, and laid his head back, \"I really could use a nap.\" Patty threw him a look, \"Oh no you don't, get back to your homework, we are studying!\" Greg peeked over at her, \"So a study date huh?\" He said, teasing her. \"W-what?! No!\" She replied, blushing, \"more like a study party, you could really use a little help on your paper, right?\" He smiled, \"Yeah, I could.\" \"Great, than I'll invite Matty, and Rowley over to join us.\" she said, getting out her cell phone. \"Well, I'm going in to worry and fret over Rodrick.\" Susan sighed, smiling as she got up, \"Besides you kids are just to wild for me!\" They tried to give Susan a few fake laughs and then she left to go inside. Greg looked at Patty. \"What?!\" She stated defensively, putting down her cell. \"Nothing, nothing.\" Greg said looking away, \"It's just you never really told me about Matt.\" \"Wow, what you are you, my parent or something?\" She asked, than looked down at her hands. \"I'm sorry I didn't tell you, I just thought it would be weird for you. . .\" \"Why would you think that? It's like you said, I'm not your parent. And I'm most certainly not your boy friend or anything like that.\" he stated, feeling the urge to look at her, but kept it back. She nodded. \"Yeah, ew, never.\" She pulled a strand of her hair behind her ear. \"Um, so do you just want to do the studying alone, or should I still call Rowley?\" She asked, scratching her knee. He looked over at her, her face so close like. \"Um, yeah, you can invite Matt if you want to too. He seems like a really cool guy. I think we would hit it off, him and I!\" Greg said, trying to smile. Patty rolled her eyes, \"Yeah right! You would annoy him half to death and he would be too nice to tell you.\" \"Unlike you, that is.\" Greg pushed her slightly with his hand, and tickled her stomach. \"Jerk!\" She said, coming over and grabbing him like she always use to a few years back. But as she was playful attacking him, it was a little different. His hands were bigger than hers now. And he was a bit taller. And more strong than he use to be. He pulled her down onto his lap, and held her by the waist, tickling her slightly when he got a chance. \"Ahhahahaha! STOP!\" She said, her head close to his, hitting him on the chest, and holding his neck with the other hand. They did stop after a few minutes of laughing, but that was just to pause and look at each other. Greg was the first to mumble, \"I hate seeing you with him.\" Their faces were so close that thinking clearly was not an option. But Patty pulled back first, and got up off his lap. \"Um, I'll go call baby hippo, we can set it up in the living room.\" She muttered, learning Rodrick's nick name for Rowley, not looking at Greg. He shook his head of confusion, and smiled weakly, \"Sounds good, and R-Rowley is not a hippo, Patty.\" He said, saying he name softly. \"R-right, sounds g-good. . .\" she blushed, opening the screen door, and heading inside. Greg let out a breath that he had held back. \"What in the world did I just say?!\" Patty's Pov. Patty was walking inside, listening to the ringing on her phone, and looked up, \"Why the heck did Heffley just say that?!\" Not that it upset her, it actually made her feel happier than she should have. \"And what the heck am I doing?\" Pausing she heard someone on the other line pick up. \"Holly? It'd Patty, would you like to come over for a double date? You with Greg, and Matty and I with each other?\" Patty felt her head spin, what was she saying?! She didn't want Greg to drool all over Holly all night. \"That sounds great!\" Holly said cheerfully, \"Even though I'm not really into Greg. . .\" Patty felt a little sting of anger, \"Why?\" \"Oh, well, because I sort of. . .sort of like his friend.\" I felt like laughing! \"You like Rowley?!\" A feeling of joy spread over me, and then I felt a little bad for Greg. \"Well, okay, maybe you shouldn't come over.\" \"No! PLEASE PATTY! Let me! Maybe he'll be there!\" She said, and Patty could see her doing a girly grin on her face. She sighed, \"Okay, I had already called Rowley any ways. But I think you should consider Greg too.\" Patty wanted to choke herself. Every word that had come out of her mouth tasted bitter. \"I will, don't worry, Greg seems really, um, . . .sweet. . .?\" she said, sympathetically. I hated that. I knew a few girls who had said they like Greg, but never gave him a shot because they thought he was to good for them. \"Please! Heffley is not good enough for them!\" I say, rolling my eyes. \"What?\" Holly asks. \"Nothing.\" Patty said, \"I'll see you soon.\" \"Okay, see you soon, love you!\" my best friend said. \"Love you too.\" I sighed, feeling extremely bad all of a sudden as I hung up. Poor Greg. 'Wait, why should I feel bad for him? He said he didn't like me with Matt! Meaning he thinks we are a joke.' Patty thinks to herself, knowing none of what she was thinking was true. But not wanting to admit what she felt might be the truth. She heard him come in, they looked at each other, \"Um, Rowley and Holly are coming. Matt couldn't make it.\" She lied, still staring at him. He looked away and gave a soft smile, \"Oh, alright.\" Than they both looked back at each other, \"Um, wanna play something on x-box?\" He asked, running his hand through his hair. \"Sure.\" She smiled, \"At least till they get here. . .\" \"Yeah.\" A/N: I know, it seems awkward, but that's because it is. I like Holly and all. But I feel like she's once of those girls that is more like what guys want, but not in the reality kind of way. . .But knowing myself, I'm probably wrong. And Rodrick and Gracie are old enough, that I wouldn't be surprised by them getting married. Just my thoughts. :)) R&R; if you want to. ~Justanothergirl~ P.s.: Sorry it's so short of a chapter. Just wanted it to get out there.[Chapter 4] It turned out Rowley and Holly never showed up. Later on, the next day, Patty asked Holly what happened. She just smiled at her, \"Nothing Patty, Rowely and I just happened to run into each other and we decided, \"Hey, why not take a walk together. We must have forgotten about the time, and when we did realize it was already so late.\" Patty sighed, feeling a fear of why she was so happy by Holly's answer sink in \"It doesn't matter, we just worried about you is all.\" \"Really, I thought you had fun with Greg and all that.\" She said, eyes shifting towards me. Patty smiled. She really did have fun with Heffely. Not that she would be admitting it any time soon. \"It was okay, . . .I guess.\" she's say, as The two best friends walked the halls of our school, passing people as they walked by. She looked over at Holly, \"Hey, Holly. What do you think of Greg?\" Holly looks back at her puzzled, \"Um, I don't really know, he's best friends with you anyways.\" Patty pause, that was true. . .but that wasn't how she meant it. \"Yeah, he is, isn't he? Well, he's great anyways.\" She says, as they linked arms, trying to get out of the way of people walking the opposite of them. Some guys whistle at Holly and her. Patty gave them her best dirty look. \"Yeah, but you guys always act like you hate each other. Yet when you guys see each other, you get so into your convos, that you don't even notice the people around you, it so funny to watch.\" She says casually, while laughing. Patty nods, smiling, \"Yeah, that does happen sometimes, doesn't it.\" she says thoughtfully, thinking about it to herself. She felts Holly stop her by pulling her back, and stared at her. Patty looked back towards her, \"What?\" \"You aren't considering dumping Matt for Greg, are you?\" she asks, her face a little troubled. Patty felt her heart beat start up, \"W-what! No way! I don't think that way about Heffely! What in the world made you think that way?!\" Patty asked, blushing, and pulling a strand behind her ear. Someone bumped into her, and she glared at the laughing jock who had almost made her fall, and his friends who laughed with him, \"Hey, Patty, tell Matty Watty we said hi!\" \"I will, Marky babi-e.\" She teased back in a mocking voice, which sounded a lot like his girlfriends. A hint of blush appeared on his cheeks as the guys teased him, and some girls passing by just smiling and rolling their eyes, or giggling. He rolled his eyes and laughed with them. Holly smiled along. \"I think it's cute!\" she said, after they were out of earshot from the popular group like themselves, \"The way he lets her call him that.\" Patty smiled. It was true. Mark Buchner always had a sense to knock anyone down who made fun of him. But when it came up about Debra and her many nicknames, and lovey dovey stuff, he said nothing. Just smiled, and blushed at their teasing, it was really sweet. Too bad Matt didn't act that way around his friends when Patty was around. He just tended to make fun of her, and insulted her with his friends, soon after words apologizing to her, and saying it would never happen again. And as always, she would say it was alright. Patty headed for her lockers when the bell rang. She quickly got to her locker at close to the end of the cafeteria hall, and gasped, \"Heffely? Why are you here?\" She asked, as Holly exited to go to class. He looked over at her walking up to him, \"This is my locker Patty, see.\" he said pointing to the opened locker that was right next to hers. \"This has to be a mix up, this is Matt's locker.\" she snapped, feeling angered, but mostly because she felt defenseless. He shrugs, \"Hey, don't look at me. The principle put me here, not like I chose it.\" He looked frustrated himself as he grabbed his books. Shocked by the way he was acting, she reached out to him, \"What the heck is wrong with you?\" He sighs, \"Nothing.\" he replied, walking away. She grabs him by his sleeve, \"Yeah right, that's not how I see it, what's up?\" she asked curiously. He wasn't even looking her in the eyes though, actually he's looking at her soft hand. \"Why does it matter?\" he mumbled softly. She let go. \"Um, it doesn't I was just wondering.\" her hand felt warm, and a little sweaty. Her face became a little flushed, and her pupils dilated. He turns towards her, staring at her straight in the eyes, and smiling softly, lips parted. \"You just don't seem to want to ever be around me lately, that's all.\" She scratch the back of her neck, feeling embarrassed, \"Yeah, I know, but I do. I like doing things with you Heffely, I've just been busy-\" \"With Matty?\" He mocked with dripping sarcasm, a certain darkness growing in his eyes. Her heart begun to race, \"Yeah, but I really do want to spend time with you, I swear, so how about tomorrow we go out to a movie, and I buy you lunch, how does that sound?\" \"As long as it's not too gory.\" He said after a while, grinning, his spirits seemed lifted by their plans. \"Ya know what I mean.\" She laughed, knowing that only Rowley and she knew that Greg hated gory movies. Not that he would have admitted it to her if she hadn't lived with him for so long. \"Yes, cry baby, I know you are terrified of anything that has to do with chopped off limbs, so will go to a PG13 one with no sight of limbs off of anyone. But only as long as I get to hold the popcorn!\" He groaned, \"But you're always so jumpy, you'll end up spilling it all over us!\" he sighed, half smiling. \"Fine, we put it in one seat between us, okay? So than neither of us spill. Deal?\" \"Deal.\" He smiled. They started talking, and laughing at the time they had caused a man to end up chasing Rodrick in the theater, because Greg had accidentally thrown his popcorn all over on the guys girlfriend. It was dark, so he asked which one of them threw it, and Patty and Greg both pointed at Rodrick. Watching Rodrick run around the movie theater with a big bulky guy chasing him was probably the highlight of that evening. Besides Gracie was mad at him that night so she just smiled, sat back, and watched him, while eating her popcorn. Patty and Greg came back to reality when they realized that their teacher was walking past them, and giving both of them a stern look. \"Oops.\" Greg whispered, looking over at her, amusement written on his grinning face, and twinkled in his eyes. Oh wow! Holly had been totally right! Heffely and she did truly get lost in our own little world. . . \"How annoying!\" She growled, angry at herself for being so intrigued by what she and Greg were talking about. She walk quickly behind him as they walk into class right behind their teacher. The teacher watched them both as they took their seats. The teacher scolded them, and than turned to write something on the black board. Patty look back at Holly, and Holly gives her a knowing look. \"Crap.\" Gregs P.O.V Greg felt that Miss Trueman was not very happy with him right now. She shot Greg a look while he re-read the literature book she had assigned him to read out loud, and later write and essay on. But He was not really focused on that. He was focused thinking about Patty, and how it finally felt like maybe they'd be able to spend sometime together tomorrow. Not that they didn't spend a lot of time together, but seriously, homework was not the same as going to a movie with each other. After he was done with his paper, and reading, he heard Freggly say something about his sick scab, and decided to tune that out, as he turned back to look at Rowley, who, of course, was smiling and listening contently to the teacher. You see Rowley always had this problem, and it was called being a goodie, goodie. So for Greg to help him sometimes draw away from that image made him feel that he was a pretty good friend. \"And I am, obviously!\" Greg said to readers, smiling slyly. He decided to pass Rowley a note. Rowley gave Greg a confused look, and then smiled, realizing the note was for him. Greg watched him open it. Note: Where were you last night? Patty was overly annoying with how worried she was about you and Holly. Rowley looked up at him after reading the last part. He seemed some what uncomfortable, and even a little guilty as he quickly wrote back. Greg felt a little nervous. What was he so guilty about? And why did he look over at Holly.' Greg the note that Rowley gave back to him. And read, Note: I was out with Holly because she wanted to go for a walk and I couldn't let her just walk alone. . . Love Rowley, your best friend forever ,xoxo Gregs eyes widened. 'Holly and Rowley? Rowley and Holly? This had to be some weird joke. . .' His best friend and the girl of his dreams. . .Walked outside together (Gulp) romantically? He nervously wrote back. Note: Rowley! First of all it is sort of weird to say love your best friend forever, and xoxo to your best guy friend, especially when you happen to be a guy yourself! And what do you mean you went out with Holly? Holly Peterson with the long chin, and mole with a hair? Or My Holly Hills? The girl I had a crush on since day one?! WHY?! Your manly, and non-girly, like yourself, friend, who punches guys who say xoxo in the gut, Greg!' He hand the note quickly back to his so called best friend once he saw the teacher not glaring at him. He heard a whimper. And fast scribbling. And than a hand on his shoulder. Greg looked at the hand and saw a note holding it. He took it, and the hand quickly moved away from me. Note: I'm so sorry Greg! I never meant to hurt you!I'm such an awful friend! I stole the girl my best friend loves! I'm so bad! I should be beaten up! I understand if you never want to speak to me again. Sorry my xoxo's are so lame. . .I'm a lame friend! 3 Rowley! Better? P.s. I'm sorry Greg, please still be my friend! Greg rubbed my eyes and realized that he was being an idiot. Of course Rowley was an awful friend, but he was an awful friend too if he didn't allow Rowley to see her. And he just realized that Holly was his dream girl, and that was all she was, was a dream. And once he realized that, it dawned on him. 'I love Patty.' He was in love with her. . . Her smile, her mad face, her happy face. Her tears, her heart, her body, and her soul. Her eyes, her moody mood swings. . .Okay, I think you get the picture, right? Wrong. He was in love with the girl who drove him nuts, who makes him roll my eyes, who he fought and argue with, Who could sometimes obnoxiously say \"Heffely\" around his family, and knew right away that she was referring to him, and yet even though it was obnoxious, it felt special when she said it. He had always seen her as more than just one of his best friends. But always just thought it was a little crush that he would get over someday. He looked over at her. His eyes finally opened to the truth. He was (he hated how this sounded so girly!) Madly, deeply,passionately, head over heels in love with non other than Patty Farrell! His enemy from the beginning of his school day was the one he wanted to grab and hold in his arms, smelling her sweet smelling soft hair. She seemed to realize someone was staring at her, so she looked over also, and looked Greg straight in the eyes. They widened and she quickly looked away . Greg looked away also, and scratched the back of his head, blushing, and trying to concentrate on the lesson, and not on how self-conscious he felt. Than he heard it. He heard chair scrape against the floor, and saw Rowley come in front of him and grab his arm, \"GREG! PLEASE DON'T BE MAD JUST CAUSE I WALKED WITH HOLLY, AND THOUGHT SHE WAS REALLY PRETTY, AND BOUGHT HER A CONE OF ICE CREAM! PLEASE STAY MY FRIEND! IF I LOSE YOU, I WILL FEEL LIKE A PART OF ME IS M-M-MISSING!\" He snorts, teary eyed, and snot coming down his nose. \"Ew!\" Greg cringes , and looks around, seeing everyone staring at them. He sighed and closed his eyes, \"Rowley, you're embarrassing me!\" Greg say through gritted teeth, patting his best friends shoulder. \"It's fine, you can have her, I don't like her that way. Not like you do. . .\" he said quietly. putting a hand to his face to hide his embarrassment, and hearing the kids chuckle around the room. Why did Rowley always choose the most public place to be so embarrassing. Rowley sniffled, \"I do not deserve your friendship Greg! You are the best friend a guy could ask for!\" he said, taking Greg in his arms and hugging him tightly. \"I know you don't buddy.\" He sigh, rolling his eyes. Rowley really should have just signed up for the drama club already. \"But too bad, you're stuck with me.\" Greg say, patting his back, chuckling, and feeling a little awkward since everyone was just staring at them, opened mouthed. Than he sees her. Short midget Miss Trueman was glaring at them, her hands on her hips, and her lips firmly pressed together. Than she opened her mouth to speak, \"Heffely, Jefferson! I have two detention slips with your name on it. So come here now!\" She said, with a tone Greg swore he only ever heard supernatural beings, or demons on tv before. Greg and Rowley part, and glanced at each other as they walk up to her. \"If this ever happens in my classroom again, so help me, I am willing to get fired to smack both of your bottoms for you to learn at least one of my lessons!\" She hissed, glasses hitched up, looking up at them. Than she handed them both detention slips. \"Go straight to the principles office. Tell him I sent you for interrupting my class, and making everyone in here feel very uncomfortable with your girly affections for each other.\" she said, making the whole class laugh, except for of course, Holly, and Patty. But Greg saw Patty grin out of the corner of his eye. And even though he was embarrassed beyond belief, he still couldn't help but smile also seeing her do so. \"That's enough!\" The teacher said sternly to everyone. \"Get moving you two!\" She growled, watching them walk away. Rowley looked like he felt so bad. His head was down in shame. \"Man, mom is going to be so disappointed.\" he said, walking down the halls with Greg as they both headed to the principles office. Greg put his arm around Rowley, \"Aw, come on, I'm sure she'll understand.\" Greg says, knowing that his mom was going to kill him just as much. \"You know, you're probably right.\" he said, a small smile appearing on his face. \"Thanks for not hating me about the whole Holly thing.\" Greg chuckled, \"Hey, if it makes you feel better. I know just started to realize I am not really as into her as I thought. He seemed surprised, \"Really? Because the way you ignored me in there at our last note made me a little worried.\" \"I wasn't ignoring you. I was just thinking.\" he say with a smile. \"Really?\" Rowley asked. \"About what?\" Greg felt a little nervous, \"About. . .how I really felt. . .about. . .someone else. . .\" he said very slowly. Rowley paused, turning to look at him, he gave Greg a look, \"About. . .who?\" Greg scratched his neck. \"About someone I've always know, we're really close, and I really like that person. . . a lot. . .you might even say. . .I'm in love with them.\" Rowley looked even more strange, \"Huh, Greg. . .I'm flattered, really. . .but I'm not . . .oh how do I say this. . .I-I don't think of you at all in that way. . .Sorry!\" He said, his face in a concerned knot of how he thought Greg would react. \"I mean, I didn't know you were in love with me. . .but I can't say I played you or anything. . .Man, this is a little awkward . . .\" Greg cut him off short, \"W-wait! What are you talking about! GROSS! I'm talking about Patty!\" He shouts, giving Rowley a disgusted look. \"Why would you even think that Rowley! Geez! That is so sick, man!\" He looks relieved, and defensive, \"Hey, you'd have thought that I was saying the same thing if you we're hearing me say that to you Greg! And whoa, whoa, whoa, hold on! You just admitted to having feelings for P-Patty Ferrel!\" He said, wided eyed in shock. Greg clasped his hand over his mouth tightly. 'Did I actually do that?!' he thought to himself fearfully. Oh no. . . Rowley looked very confused, \"You did, you just said it a while ago. \"I'm talking about Patty\"!\" He said, mimicking Greg. Greg had his hand in his hair. \"Look, Rowley, just forget I ever, ever told you that. . Please?!\" He than begs, the last part his hands are held in a pleading way. \"Just till I can figure this all out.\" Rowley looks unhappy. \"But Greg. You and Patty. . .Patty and you. . .It's just all so weird. . .Weird!\" He nods, and sighs, \"Yeah, I know. And I can't be selfish and just tell her. We are best friends after all.\" Rowley rolled his eyes, \"Greg, we've talked about this before. You need to not be so afraid of commitment.\" Greg rolled his eyes too. \"Rowley, be quite! We need to get to the principles office.\" He nods. \"Weird, so that was the girl we we're talking about last time. It was Patty.\" Greg puts both his hands in his pocket, shrugging \"It's always been her.\" \"Really.\" \"Yeah.\" \"AW!\" \"Shut up!\" \"Hey, hitting is not very nice Greg!\" \"Heh, heh.\" \"Ow! Hey!\" Patty's P.O.V Class was dismissed, and Holly came up and grabbed her arm as she walked out of the room. \"Patty, we need to talk!\" Patty looked back at her, \"About what.\" Holly smiled. \"You knew Greg liked me, huh?\" Patty felt surprised, \"Well, yeah, I did actually.\" She nodded as they walked down towards Patty's locker. \"Than you knew, and you didn't tell me because. . .\" she paused, and that moment on Patty knew that she might have just figured out that Patty had feelings for Greg. \"Because,. . .I knew you didn't like him that way, and you told me you liked Rowley! So. . .So what? It wasn't that serious of a crush anyways.\" Patty felt Holly's eyes on her as she opened her locker, and put her books in quickly. Getting her other books out for her next class. \"Patty.\" Holly said. Patty looked at her nervously. \"What?\" \"You like Greg. . .But what about Matt?\" Patty feels herself freeze. \"I do not like Heffely, Holly! Not in this life time! Or in any other!\" Patty says with a shaky voice. Holly is just still staring at her. \"Patty, that isn't fair to Matt. And Greg seems to still like me. Just be careful that you choose the one who really cares about you. . .Okay.\" She says, and small sympathetic smile showing up on her face that she understood. Patty felt her blood boil a little. \"I know that! Not that I need to since I don't feel that way.\" Holly just shrugs, and smiles. \"I didn't know Greg felt that way about me. . .H-how long did he feel that way?\" Patty sees the look on Holly's face, and her heart drops. Holly looked a little smitten by the thought of him liking her. \"Um,for over a few years.\" \"How many.\" \"Five.\" \"WOW!\" She said, a gleam in her eye. \"That's a long time!\" Patty tries to smile. \"Yeah, but it's not like you like him or anything. . .because you like Rowley, right?\" Holly seems to pause to think about it. \"And whats so wrong about liking two guys. . .Now I just know which one I like more.\" She giggled, cupping Patty's hands with hers. Patty give her a look, \"Really, Holly, really?!\" \"What?\" she asked, looking all innocent. Patty sighs, \"Nothing.\" she'd figure out soon. But Patty's gut had felt like it had been hit by a ton of bricks, which was not a pleasant feeling, not one bit. And that smile on Holly's face was not helping her situation any. \"Great!\" She sighed, wishing she could just forget all this happened. And she wished she could just be with Heffley now, and forget everything of the start of this day. A/N: I'm so sorry it's been a while since I've updated. But I did say I'd be back, right, and it took me a while, but I am. Hopefully someone sees this is up again. I love sharing my stories. R&r; if you'd like. I love Patty and Greg. :)[Chapter 5] Now that Greg knew he was in love with Patty Farrell he realized two things. First, how was he going to convince her to go out with him instead of that tool, Matt? And second, how was he going to keep Rowley's big mouth shut about it all? He didn't hear someone come up from behind him during his way to his locker, or that it was Holly Hills until she tapped on his shoulder, \"Hey Greg.\" she said sweetly behind him, smiling her best smile. He turned quickly, stunned, \"Oh, h-hey Holly.\" he said, the look in her eyes was really kind of scary, was she trying to butter him up to tell her something about Rowley? \"Hey.\" she said, pushing some hair out of her face, and behind her ear, \"Did you know that the Zombie movie, Gore Street? The third movie is coming out soon, I heard you really like scary movies, so, um, I was thinking maybe you'd want to go with me to see it this coming week?\" she asked, averting her eyes down, looking like she was shy. Greg was stunned once more, \"What, like a date?\" he gulped. Holly smiled, eyeing him, \"Well, would you?\" He thought about it for a minute, saw Patty coming over, and quickly ignored the question to go over to her, \"Hey!\" he said, almost too excited. \"Hey.\" she said back, smiling faintly, books in her arms. This was not the Patty Farrell he knew, and. . .well you know, loved. \"What's going on with you?\" he asked, taking the books out of her arms, as she quickly tried to take them back. \"Nothing, gosh Heffley, why don't you just leave me alone!\" she growled, storming off to the girls bathroom. Weird, don't most girls smile, and say thank you when you try to help them with their books, what? Was he too nice, and freaked her out or something? That must have been it. He had denied to himself for so long that he had just took it out on her. Now he need to try to show her that he could be nice, and they could still get along. He nodded his head in determination as he went to the bathroom door, \"Hey, Patty, do you want to talk, I think we should, and I want to talk to you.\" he said. \"Get lost, loser!\" she yelled. He twitched a little from that one, but still smiled stiffly, \"Come on, Patty, let's talk about whatever this anger problem is causing\" The door quickly opened, and there stood Patty Farrell, her eyes blazing, \"And what anger problem would you be suggesting?\" He stood just as tall, but everyone who saw them shrunk back in fear, \"What I mean is I want to talk to you about someth-\" \"No!\" she complained, suddenly looking scared as she shut the door once more, and locked it. \"Patty!\" He groaned. \"Go away Heffelly!\" \"No!\" \"Why not?!\" \"Because! . . .Because-\" He stuttered, feeling his heart beat out of his chest, as people walked by, and he could feel their eyes. \"Because?!\" she asked, almost sounding curious about what he was trying to say. \"I- I want to talk about it with you!\" he moaned, putting his head against the door, \"Please?\" \"Just talk about it now.\" \"Not now!\" \"Why not?!\" \"Because.\" \"Because why?!\" she shouted, ripping open the door, looking impatient. He felt a little nervous, than saw the tear streaming down her cheek, he cupped her cheek with his hand and wiped it away, \"Because.\" than he grabbed her and kissed her. She stood frozen, than closed her eyes, the warmth and electricity coursing through her as she kissed him back. She pulled away after a few minutes, \"Wh-what was that about?\" He shrugged, suddenly not feeling as confident, \"Nothing, you were crying, so. . .\" \"Oh.\" she said, looking down at her feet, \"I see.\" \"Why are you crying?\" She looked sideways, away from him, whipping away the tears with her hand, \"Matt and I just broke up. . .Or more he dumped me for a prettier, more Popular girl, Maddie Gold.\" Greg suddenly felt upset, \"What? He dumped you?! Just now?!\" Patty sighed, grabbing her books that were looped in the inside of his arm. \"Yes, why does it matter to you, it's not like you were fond of him or anything.\" she growled, walking away to her lockers again. \"But that doesn't mean I want him to hurt you.\" Greg said heatedly back. She rolled her eyes, \"Heffley, can we talk later, It seems Holly was trying to talk to you. Bye.\" she said in a hurry, as she put her book out that she needed for her next class. Greg looked over at Holly, and wondered why her eyes were popping out of her head. \"What?\" Patty couldn't believe Greg kissed her, even as she was walking back to the Heffley's. Let alone she let him. She should of just pushed him away. But she didn't want too. The way he softly held her waist with his hands made her heart feel ready to explode. This was ridiculous, it was just Greg! Even though she had known how she felt for a while she didn't want to make it so freakin' obvious. And was she really going to believe that he'd done all that just to calm her down. Of course she was, she didn't want to get things even more complicated. She had already got dumped by Matt. She couldn't handle competing with Holly to get Greg's attention. Like she even would want too. Her heart was a little torn by her now suddenly ex-boyfriend. But this was high school, what did Patty expect. She just needed to shake it off, and be happy so she could keep up. She wouldn't cry, not now. But than why did she feel the little petals of tears streaming down again? Was everyone eventually going to leave her all by herself. Soon even Greg would be gone with Holly. And she would be all alone as before. . . Not like she made people her life, but she didn't want to always have to stay in her lonely mansion, waiting for her parents to get back, and tell her how pathetic she was, not that she'd be there for long any way, or her parents would even care. People come, and go. Patty had to just accept that almost every friend she had, growing up, would, or already had, left her for someone better. But Greg, he always seemed ready to be there for her. She couldn't keep him back any more, Holly liked him, and he defiantly liked her, so Patty agreed to herself that it was time to let go. She sighed, and pulled out her ear buds, put them in her ears, plugged it into her phone and played her music loudly. A drop in the ocean A change in the weather I was praying that you and me might end up together It's like wishing for rain as I stand in the desert But I'm holding you closer than most 'cause you are my heaven I don't wanna waste the weekend If you don't love me pretend A few more hours then it's time to go As my train rolls down the east coast I wonder how you keep warm It's too late to cry Too broken to move on And still I can't let you be Most nights I hardly sleep Don't take what you don't need from me It's just a drop in the ocean A change in the weather I was praying that you and me might end up together Its like wishing for rain as I stand in the desert But I'm holding you closer than most 'cause you are my heaven Misplaced trust and old friends Never counting regrets By the grace of God I do not rest at all New England as the leaves change The last excuse that I'll claim I was a boy who loved a women like a little girl And still I can't let you be Most nights I hardly sleep Don't take what you don't need from me It's just a drop in the ocean A change in the weather I was praying that you and me might end up together It's like wishing for rain as I stand in the desert But I'm holding you closer than most 'cause you are my Heaven doesn't seem far away any more No No Heaven doesn't seem far away Heaven doesn't seem far away any more No No Heaven doesn't seem far away Oh Oh A drop in the ocean A change in the weather I was praying that you and me might end up together It's like wishing for rain as I stand in the desert But I'm holding you closer than most 'cause you are my heaven You are my heaven She stopped, squatted down on the ground, and sobbing into her hands. The cool breeze blew against her face, but she couldn't move from her spot. Was she ever going to be wanted, and loved for who she was. She did love herself, but the one person whom she wanted to love her in return was going to be with someone else, and it hurt too much. And it would be worse if he thought she was a freak for getting this upset over him and Holly. It was breaking her heart, and this time she couldn't fix it, or tell herself she would be okay. Because Greg was the one. But at the end of the day, was she really his? She rocked herself back and forth, \"The only one who can take care of you is yourself, haven't you learned that by now, idiot, idiot idiot! No one else wants such a disappointment.\" she cried, arms wrapped around herself, trying to not melt down. Everything felt like it was tearing apart. She hadn't heard from her sister. Her mom and dad had told her that they won't be coming to her graduation, or any other life altering events, and to ask if she could permanently move into the Heffley's house, pretty much summing up they didn't want her. She still only had two days left before Susan thought her parents were picking her up, and she was in love with someone who was in love with her best friend, who also had interest in him. This is what it felt like as hell on earth, huh?' she thought, hands still whipping away shedding tears. She felt a gentle hand touch her shoulder, she looked up, \"What are you doing here?\" Warm arms wrapped around her. \"Looking for you!\" She hugged Susan back, and cried into her shoulder. \"Oh sweetie, we've been so worried about you, what are you doing here?\" she asked, concern in her voice as she rubbed Patty's back for comfort. \"What's wrong, why are you crying, honey?\" Patty just held on tightly to Mrs. Heffley, \"Nothing. . .I j-just. . .I can't. . .\" Susan had a look in her eyes of understanding. \"You know what, can I tell you something? Something I have never even told my kids?\" \"Ye-yes. . .O-of course.\" Patty said, trying to dry her tears, but they just kept coming. Susan looked down at her, kindness of a mother shinning through as she lovingly wiped away her tears, \"When I was younger, my brother and I were sent into foster care. My parents hadn't died, they just gave me and my brother up when we were younger. We had gone through the foster system till I was finally eighteen, able to leave, but at that time my brother had been adopted by a family, someone who I didn't know, and I was intending to take him back because it had always been me and my brother. I wasn't going to just let them take him away right when I had my freedom. No one had ever wanted me, or tried to love me, or my brothe, so I always just assumed that people were just out to get me and him. I lost jobs left and right for my attitude, and behaviour. I was struggling to find work, and finally I agreed to stay with my brothers new family since I had no where else to go. They took me in as one of their own. For the longest time I told myself, \"This isn't going to last, the minute they figure out who and what I've done, they are going to hate me, and tell me to get out of their lives. I didn't trust anyone, but I was touched by their sincerity. Mrs. Millie Heffley was a woman who after so many years, I now consider a mother, who helped me on my feet when no one else did, and loved me through it all. She had a son you know.\" Susan grinned, giving Patty a knowing wink. \"Weird how it some how has became a family tradition of some sort, huh?\" Patty felt her cheeks grow warm. Mrs. Heffley smiled, and went on \"But all I know, is that I will always be here for you, and my sons, Patty. Just like she was for me. I'm always here whenever you need me, I am right here, and I understand completely. Come to me, talk to me, and I hope in a small way I can be considered a second mother to you, because I am not ever leaving. And believe me, I mean my words, just ask my sons.\" she said with a laugh, tearing up herself, as she wiped away Patty's tears. Patty was sobbing once again and hugged Susan tightly, \"Thank you Miss Heffley, you are considered the mother I've always wanted!\" \"Oh you don't know how happy that makes me to hear that sweetie.\" she smiled, helping Patty up, and hugging her once more, \"Now, there is a certain young man I know, and raised, who is looking everywhere for you. We better get home before he freaks, and sends out a missing persons report.\" Susan jokes, and Patty laughs. But than they both pause, \"You don't think. . .?\" \"I know you have to wait twenty four hours, but I don't really care, I need to find her now. She usually comes straight home, or tells me where she's going, we even walk home together, and I've searched everywhere for her, now please go searching for her, or I will contact authorities higher up!\" Gregory Heffley stated quickly to the cop on the end of his cell phone. Rowley nervously looked around, \"Greg! I don't think we should tell the police how to do their job. We could get sent to jail.\" \"I don't care.\" Greg said, going the side walks and handing flyers with Patty's face on it. \"What if she fell, or hurt herself somewhere to far away to find, and call for help? I mean I even tried her cell. Who knows what's happened, for all we know she could be abducted, or worse, drowning what if she's dead?!\" Rowley, grabbed Greg and shook him, \"Greg! Pull yourself together! You're acting like a crazy man! We just need to stay calm. And do we really need the flyers?\" \"Of course, how else is anyone going to spread the word that she's missing!\" Greg said as if it should make complete sense. \"Man, I've never seen you care so much about someone before!\" Rowley said in amazement. \"I know, it's kind of freaking me out.\" Greg said with a shudder, but didn't stop grabbing someone's attention, and trying to force them to look at Patty's picture. \"Well, I think it is a little over board, but it's kinda nice to see you so worked up about someone besides yourself.\" he smiled, than clamped his hands over his mouth. Greg just nodded, and busily speed on. \"HEFFLEY!\" Greg heard a most familiar voice shout, \"Don't make me beat you up again!\" He turned, and felt relieve run through him as and angry face of Patty Farrell cam storming his way, \"Patty! Where have you been! I've looked all over for you!\" he said, checking her all over, \"Did you hurt yourself, did someone abduct you?! Why are your eyes looking weird, almost like someone stuck their fingers in your eyes?\" \"Why are you doing this? I mean seriously? I've only been gone for an hour.\" She said, picking a flyer off the ground. Greg suddenly felt really awkward, \"Because, I usually know what you're doing, and you usually say something. I mean. . .You know, it's normal to feel concerned.\" Patty nodded, \"Right, well don't be too concerned, I just needed sometime alone.\" \"Oh.\" Greg said, \"Because of Matt?\" Patty paused, \"No. Not really.\" \"Oh. . .\" Greg said once more. They both just stood there, waiting for the other to say something. \"Um, do you. . .you. . .um.\" he said, trying to think of what to say. \"Want to go see a movie with me tomorrow?\" Patty felt shocked, \"What? But didn't Holly already ask you to a movie?\" \"What?!\" Rowley said loudly, looking surprised. \"Well, yeah, but. . .\" He started to say. 'Come on, don't make me say it.' \"What I'm trying to say is I would rather go with you. Not with Holly, because. . .\" Patty waited for whatever he was going to say, \"Because. . . why?\" she asked, blue eyes staring curiously into his. He gulped, \"Because, I want to be with you there, instead of with her.\" \"And why would that be Heffley.\" Patty said, starting to sound a little impatient. \"Because, can't I just want to be around you more instead of her? Gosh, so moody.\" he said, scratching the back of his neck, red hues showing up on his cheeks. Patty stopped and nodded, a small smile forming on her lips, \"Yeah, you can.\" He smiled back, \"So that's a yes?\" She tried not to break out in a full grin, \"Yes Heffley, it is.\" \"Great, so what time are we going?!\" Rowley asked, a big grin forming on his face. They looked over at him, and Greg shook his head, \"What?\" Rowley asked, confused. A/N: Poor Rowley, after all theses years, he still doesn't understand what's happening around him sometimes. This one was a bit emotional for me to write, but r&r; if you like. As always, I am a Gretty shipper. Greg and Patty all the way. ;) ","Summary":" Dear readers, if any. ;) I own none of the characters. Just Gracie and the parents. The rest of the"},{"Movie":"Up","Title":"Float Away","Author":"Darthlane","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12882639","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Float Away Chorus 1: So we'll fly, fly, fly Up among the clouds Free from the ground We'll fly, fly, fly Our old life is through Let's find something new Come with me and we'll float away Verse 1: High, high, up in the air We could go anywhere Far from here Let's get out of here We can go and find our dreams We could find anything Through the sky Oh so high Chorus 2: So we'll fly, fly, fly Up among the clouds Free from the ground We'll fly, fly, fly Our old life is through Let's find something new Come with me and we'll float away Verse 2: We can soar without care Knowing adventure is out there Growing near Almost here Wonders and mysteries abound This paradise that we have found Never alone Finally home Chorus 3: So we'll fly, fly, fly Up among the clouds Free from the ground We'll fly, fly, fly Our old life is through Let's find something new Come with me and we'll float away Bridge: I wish you were still here I could fly with no fear But now I'm so alone This world is so dark with you gone I know you couldn't stay But without my world begins to fray I know you'd want me to keep strong Gather my balloons and float on Chorus 4: So I'll fly, fly, fly Up among the clouds Free from the ground I'll fly, fly, fly My old life is through Let's find something new Come back to me and I'll float away Come back my love And we'll float away ","Summary":" Float Away Chorus 1: So we'll fly, fly, fly Up among the clouds Free from the ground We'll fly, fly"},{"Movie":"Up","Title":"Adventure Is Out There","Author":"Megara and Hades","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12525781","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ding dong. Creek. Carl pulled open the door. \"Good afternoon, my name is Russell and I am a wilderness explorer in...\" \"Russell,\" Carl looked down at the boy standing on the porch of his new home. \"I know who you are; you don't need to recite your little wilderness speech every time you arrive at my door.\" \"I just want to make sure you remember me. You know...\" Russell lowered his voice, cupping his mouth on one side with his hand. \"Since you're old.\" \"Don't worry Russell, I could never forget you.\" Carl spoke lowly to himself, \"Especially since you practically live here now.\" Russell walked under Carl's arm; helping himself to a chair in the living room. Carl sat down in the neighboring chair. \"I miss Kevin,\" Russell said letting out a large sigh. Carl looked up at Ellie's adventure scrapbook collecting dust on top of the fireplace. His mind flooded with memories of him and Russell protecting Kevin. \"MR. FREDRICKSON? IS YOUR HEARING AID ON?\" Russell was only inches away from Carl's ear. \"AHHH.\" \"Just checking. Sometimes you shut it off when I talk.\" \"Hey Russell, how would you like to earn a badge that no one else in your wilderness kiddie club thing can earn?\" \"You mean like the Ellie badge?\" Russell looked down at his sash; glowing. \"Yes, like the Ellie badge.\" \"OKAY. When do we start? Where are we going? What is the badge? Where will I put it? What is the...\" Carl turned down his hearing aid and lifted himself out of the patterned chair. \"I have a few calls to make first.\" Later that day, Russell returned to Mr. Fredrickson's porch. \"My mom said it was okay. She said you can keep me as long as you want.\" Russell welcomed himself in. \"I'm sure she did,\" Carl chuckled. \"Ready to hear what our next adventure is?\" Russell dropped his bags on the floor. \"What is it? What is it?\" He asked jumping up and down with excitement. \"Well...\" Dug ran into the house. \"I brought you this squirrel because I love you.\" He plopped it down on the carpet. \"Dug!\" Russell ran to him. \"Where have you been?\" \"Master sent me on an important mission. I could not come back until I dug up every flower in the Robinsons' garden. Master says their flowers are evil.\" Carl chuckled. \"Mr. Fredrickson and I are going on an adventure. Want to come?\" \"Dug isn't going anywhere until he takes care of this squirrel.\" Carl pointed to the immobile rodent on his living room floor. \"Yes Master.\" Dug scooped up the squirrel and walked out the back door. \"Listen Russell, I think that maybe this time Dug should stay here.\" \"Why?\" Asked the young adventurer. \"Well, because he is...Dug.\" \"Yes Master?\" Dug's tail wagged as he sat in the doorway. \"Nothing Dug.\" \"We are we going Master?\" Asked the dog anxiously. \"Back to Paradise Falls to retrieve Kevin and her babies. We are going to bring them back here and open a sanctuary for endangered birds.\" \"KEVIN!\" Dug and Russell yelled in unison.\"WOW! No one in my class would have a badge like that!\" \"We need to pack a few things first.\" Carl pulled the scrapbook off of the fireplace and placed it in an empty box. Russell packed three boxes of Twinkies, two containers of Oreos, and four tubs of ice cream. \"This should last me the week.\" Dug packed a tennis ball he stole from Carl's walker. \"Make sure to pack more batteries for Dug's collar Mr. Fredrickson,\" Russell reminded him. Carl giggled to himself as he left the batteries in the kitchen draw. Knock. Knock. Knock. \"Carl Fredrickson, we know you're in there!\" \"It's the Robinsons; time to go!\" Carl grabbed his box and headed for the back door. \"They must have come to thank me for killing their evil flowers. I am a good boy,\" Dug said proudly. \"Come on you two.\" Carl climbed up the ladder leading to the blimp's entrance. \"Adventure is out there!\" ","Summary":" Ding dong. Creek. Carl pulled open the door. \"Good afternoon, my name is Russell and I am a wilder"},{"Movie":"Up","Title":"I Found the Snipe and He's Mine","Author":"Big Monkey Pictures","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12280910","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Russell patted down a mound and sighed with satisfaction. I should be proud of myself , he thought. Then he started to head back to Mr Fredricksen until he noticed something on the ground. It was large bird foot tracks. 'Huh?' said Russell. 'Tracks?' Then he realised it was a, 'Snipe!' So he forgot about going back to Mr Fredricksen and clapped his hands three times as he followed the tracks. 'Here, Snipe,' he said. 'Come on out, Snipe. Snipe!' Eventually the tracks came to an end. Feeling disappointed, Russell said, 'Huh.' But that didn't stop him. The snipe should've been around here somewhere. He took out a chocolate bar and munched on it. Something rustled in the bushes and Russell turned to look. There was nothing there. Suddenly, Russell felt something nip at his chocolate. Russell turned to look, but there was nothing there either. The nip, nip happened again and Russell turned and noticed something zipping in the bush just in time. 'Ha! Gotcha!' said Russell. He peered into the shrub. 'Don't be afraid, little snipe. I am a Wilderness Explorer, so I am a friend to all nature.' There was no response. 'Want some more?' He offered his chocolate bar and a large, mango-coloured beak appeared out of the shrub and nibbled it. 'Hi, boy,' said Russell. 'Don't eat it all. Come on out.' The beak zipped back into the bush and Russell waited for it to come out. 'Come on,' said Russell. 'Don't be afraid, little snipe. Nice snipe. Good little snipe. Nice...' A large shadow clouded over him and Russell stared up to see a- '... giant snipe?' It was a large colourful bird and it stared down at him like a chicken. It even made a few bock , bock , bocks like a chicken would make. He's beautiful , thought Russell. Even thought he was a little shaky, he moved toward him slowly, raising his arm to pat him. 'It's okay, snipe,' he said. 'I'm not gonna hurt ya.' The snipe backed away from him a bit. 'No, no, no,' said Russell. 'It's okay. I don't bite.' The snipe seemed to understand him that time, and let Russell pat his feathery head. Now he realised, 'Hey, I like this snipe.' The bird placed his beak around him, as if he were hugging Russell, and purred. Russell was reminded of a true mother, but that was silly, because he believed this bird was a boy. 'You know what?' said Russell. 'I think I'll call you Kevin. Do you like that?' The bird purred as if he actually did like that name and cuddled him harder. 'Come on,' said Russell, turning to indicating him to come along. 'I'll take you to Mr Fredricksen.' But he slipped over a rock and landed on Kevin's foot. He was about to get back up and Kevin was about to help him up when his arm touched Kevin's foot (so he halted Kevin). It was so smooth that Russell never wanted to stop touching it. He took off his shirt, and placed his back on Kevin's foot and sighed with love. He then laid his stomach on it. 'Your feet feel so nice,' said Russell. 'Can you put it on me, please? I'll just remove the rest of my clothes first.' So he did and then got up from Kevin's foot. He lied back down and Kevin laid his foot on Russell's stomach. It didn't feel as nice as it did for his arm but that was okay. 'Oh, it feels so nice,' said Russell. Then Kevin put his other foot on Russell's legs. Russell squirmed around slowly and moaned with love. That was the most comfortable thing he ever felt in his life. He sighed with love again and shut his eyes. 'You know what?' he said, yawning. 'Forget about Mr Fredricksen. I want to stay with you ... forever.' The bird sounded as if he gasped and then picked Russell up and threw him into the air. Kevin caught Russell with his feet and cradled him like a baby. 'You are the bestest friend anyone's ever had, Kevin,' said Russell. 'Mr Fredricksen and everyone else was mean to me. But you understand me so much, don't you.' The bird purred. 'Well, let's go home.' And so Kevin picked Russell up, placed him on his back and rushed off just when Mr Fredricksen called out for Russell. I never want to see you again, cranky old man , thought Russell. Eventually Kevin took Russell to a labyrinth and high-pitched bird calls were sounding. Kevin called back. 'What is it, Kevin?' said Russell. Eventually, they went farther into the misty labyrinth until they came to a large bird nest where little baby snipes came out. Kevin stopped in front of them and groomed them. Wait , thought Russell, Kevin's a girl ? And so after Kevin groomed the babies, she went into the nest, placed Russell down and laid her feet on him. The babies came up to Russell. Russell's stomach lurched as if he thought they were going to bite him. Kevin called at her babies, and then the babies cuddled up to him. Russell felt their soft feathers, but they weren't as nice as Kevin's feet. 'Aw,' said Russell. 'Cuties. I suppose you're a mother, right?' he said to Kevin. Kevin responded with a loud tweet. Russell took that as a yes. 'Okay,' he said. 'I guess I no longer have to call you Kevin, I guess I can call you mom.' Now \"Russell's mother\" laid her beak around Russell to hug him. The babies tweeted with joy. Russell sighed with love and shut his eyes. So the boy and the snipe lived happily ever after, with no troubles at all, not even Charles Muntz or Carl Fredricksen ever succeeded in finding them and never would. THE END (Sigh) That was a nice story - in my opinion, that is. But I actually didn't expect it to turn out like this. That's okay. Feel free to comment (no rude comments please, that includes swearing) or even favourite. ","Summary":" Russell patted down a mound and sighed with satisfaction. I should be proud of myself , he thought."},{"Movie":"Up","Title":"Down","Author":"nemmert98","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12672093","Passage":"[Chapter 1] UP Carl had been dreading this day for seven years. Russell was moving away to college. Although he would only be a few hours away, Carl dreaded the quiet, lonely days that would surely come. Since their trip to Paradise Falls, Russell had come over to see Carl almost every day. Carl, now ninety-eight years old, wasn't sure what he would do without Russell there to help him around the house and keep him company. Carl heard knocking on the front door. He slowly eased up out of his recliner and shuffled to the door. He took a deep breath, swallowed the lump in his throat, and then opened the door. Russell was there in front of him, wearing an Arizona State University t-shirt. His car was parked in the driveway, and Carl could see that it was already packed and ready for Russell's move. \"Hey Mr. Fredricksen,\" Russell said. Carl could see Russell's eyes well up with tears. This was Russell's last, and hardest, goodbye. \"Aw Russell. Don't be upset. You'll be back to visit when you can. In the meantime, be safe, study hard, and enjoy your time. You're gonna make a great doctor,\" Carl smiled, and so did Russell. \"I'll be back as soon as I can. Take care of yourself Carl.\" Russell stepped forward and gave Carl a hug. \"Thank you for everything.\" \"See ya soon kid,\" Carl said as Russell turned to leave. Carl stood in the doorway and watched until Russell had driven around the corner, and out of sight. As he closed the door, a single tear fell down his cheek. A few days after Russell left for college, Carl decided to mail him a care package. Inside was an album full of pictures of their time together since Paradise Falls, a few of Russell's favorite candy bars, and a short, handwritten note from Carl. The post office was only a few blocks away so Carl decided to walk there. He stopped by the front door to put on a sweater. As always, Carl never left the house without a bowtie. He grabbed a blue striped bowtie, looked in the mirror, and then hesitated. He looked at the material, then he looked at his hands. For the first time in his life, Carl could not remember how to tie a bowtie. As the weeks passed, Carl noticed more odd things. Simple tasks were becoming increasingly difficult. During one trip to the store, he could not remember which brand of coffee he liked. As he stared at the display, he wondered how he could forget this. He had been drinking the same coffee for over seventy years. At home, he struggled to remember if he had locked the door or not, and would get up several times in the night to check. Once, he put food in the oven to heat up and sat down in the living room to wait while he watched tv. Thirty minutes later he noticed the black smoke creeping into the room. He rushed to the oven and yanked out the food that was completely burnt to a crisp. Carl stared at the food in amazement. He did not know how it could have gotten into the oven. After two months of being gone, Russell was finally able to come home to visit Carl for a few days. As soon as he pulled onto Carl's street, he knew that something was wrong. He could see that Carl's mailbox was overflowing, and the yard was a mess. Carl had stopped doing yardwork several years ago, but would pay his neighbor to keep it looking tidy and sharp. Russell grabbed the mail and made his way to the door. When Carl opened the door, Russell's eyes widened. Carl, who was always clean shaven and well dressed, was still in his pajamas and looked like he had not shaved in about a week. \"Mr. Fredricksen, are you okay?\" Russell asked. Carl stared at him in confusion for several seconds, then he smiled, as if he had just remembered who Russell was. \"Oh! Hi Russell. Yeah, I'm doing fine. Come on in,\" Carl stepped back, and Russell could see the usually spotless house was getting cluttered and messy. Russell stayed for lunch, and talked with Carl. He seemed to be his usual self, joking, laughing, and telling stories. However, there was something off. He noticed when Carl asked him three times what kind of sandwich he wanted. He also noticed when Carl got up twice to make sure that the door was locked. Russell was worried, and by the time he left later that night, he had convinced Carl to go visit a doctor later that week. Carl and Russel were waiting anxiously in the lobby of the doctor's office. After running several tests, the doctor was certain of his diagnosis. After twenty minutes of waiting in silence, Russell and Carl were called into the doctor's personal office. \"Carl, after assessing your symptoms and analyzing these tests… How do I say this? Carl, you have Alzheimer's Disease.\" One week after his visit to the doctor, Carl moved into Shady Oaks Retirement Home and Assisted Living Facility. Russell had stayed with him as long as he could to help him pack his things and fill out the paperwork, but eventually he had to go back to school. Carl assured him that he would be fine, but Russell was not so sure. His mental health was declining quickly, and Russell was afraid that Carl would forget who he was while he was gone. Months passed. Russell came back to visit as often as he could, but it was getting harder to get away from school. Carl's health and memory were still declining, and by January he was no longer able to walk. Carl was a proud person, and struggled to look Russell in the eye when he was sitting in his wheelchair. He was able to feed himself, but now needed assistance with bathing and using the toilet. Bit by bit, he was forgetting his whole life. He did not immediately recognize Russell anymore. Some days, Russell would have to frequently remind Carl who he was. Other days, Carl seemed to do better and could recall some memories of their seven years together. The nurses warned Russell that Carl was not going to get better, and that he probably did not have another year left in him. Russell understood, and spent as much time with Carl as possible. Russell was jolted awake when his phone started ringing. He rubbed the sleep from his eyes and looked at the clock for the time. 2:31 am. When he saw the number, his heart skipped a beat. It was the nursing home where Carl was at. Russell pressed accept and held the phone up to his ear, hand shaking. \"Hello?\" he said. \"Hello, this is Beverly, a nurse at Shady Oaks Retirement Home. I am calling regarding a Mr. Carl Fredricksen.\" Russell fought back tears. He feared that Carl had passed away before he was able to say goodbye. \"Yes?\" Russell said. \"I apologize for calling at this time, but I thought you would want to know. He's not doing well… You might want to come and say goodbye.\" \"I'll be there as soon as I can,\" Russell said. Fifteen minutes later, Russell was on the road, heading back to Carl. It was seven o'clock when Russell pulled into the Shady Oaks parking lot. He silently prayed that Carl was still there. He quickly walked through the doors, and made his way straight to Carl's room. Carl was lying in bed, his face an ashy yellow and gray color. He was breathing, slow, shallow, rattling breaths. Russell sat in the chair next to his bed and reached for his hand. Russell had never been in the presence of someone that was dying before. It was not as peaceful as the stories he had heard. With each breath that Carl took, Russell could hear gurgling of liquid deep in his throat. There was nothing that the nurses could do about that. Carl's hand was cold and leathery feeling. Russell sat there for an hour, talking, crying, and watching over Carl. He thanked him for everything that he had done for him, and told him that he would miss him. Carl did not give any signs that he knew that Russell was there, but that didn't stop Russell. About an hour after he had gotten there, a nurse came in with an eye dropper and a stethoscope. She looked at Russell with a sad expression and gave him a small smile. \"This is just some morphine. I'm going to put it under his tongue. It helps with the pain,\" she said. Russell watched as she carefully dripped the morphine into Carl's mouth. Then she listened to his lungs for several seconds. When she was done, she left quickly and without a word. Russell sat there for hours. He decided that when Carl died, he wanted him to be thinking of something beautiful. He carefully described Paradise Falls and their adventure there. He told him about Doug the dog, and Kevin the bird. He recalled every memory in as much detail as he could remember. Russell noticed that Carl's breathing had started to slow. He knew this was it. He fought back the tears and told Carl one last story. He told Carl about his wife Ellie and their long, happy life together. When he was done, he heard the breath leave Carl's lips for the last time. ","Summary":" UP Carl had been dreading this day for seven years. Russell was moving away to college. Although he"},{"Movie":"Up","Title":"End of the Adventure","Author":"KaizumiAyame","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12057564","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cerita dan plot tidak murni berasal dari saya (credit to Disney and natedontfly), tapi saya sudah memperoleh ijin untuk mengembangkan plotnya menjadi sebuah fanfiksi pendek. Selamat membaca! Kamar rumah sakit itu sunyi. Kalau didengar, satu-satunya suara yang kentara terdengar berasal dari kardiograf. Jendela mengijinkan angin berembus masuk. Sang penghuni yang terbaring di ranjang memilih untuk diam, tidak bersuara. Insting memberitahunya bahwa ia tidak akan hidup lebih lama lagi. Menunggu jemputan berupa sosok bernama 'kematian'. Pintu kamar berdecit terbuka, mengekspos sosok remaja yang sudah mencapai usianya yang ke-18. Perjalanan waktu tidak lagi membuatnya segemuk dulu, dan tubuhnya beberapa puluh senti lebih tinggi. \"Mr. Fredrickson?\" suara yang telah meranjah akil balig memecah sunyi. \"Apa… Anda masih bangun?\" Sosok yang lebih tua mengangguk, namun tidak bersuara. Bahkan setiap gerakannya terlihat begitu lemah. Russell meletakkan buket yang dibawanya ke dalam vas kosong, membiarkan aromanya menguar di seluruh ruangan. Ia menarik kursi di ujung ruangan dan duduk, memperhatikan Carl dengan ekspresi mata yang meredup. Keduanya bahkan tidak berinisiatif untuk menciptakan percakapan. Namun Carl memaksakan diri untuk tetap tersenyum–senyum yang bisa membuat siapa saja yang melihatnya terenyuh. Terlepas dari penyakit yang selama ini menggerogoti tubuhnya, dan seberapa lemah ia saat ini, ia ingin menunjukkan apresiasi sederhana karena Russell sudah bersedia datang untuknya. Walaupun bagi Russell, senyum itu adalah senyum perpisahan. Bertahun-tahun sudah berlalu, sejak keduanya bertemu untuk pertama kalinya. Russell mengingat bagaimana ia menyelinap masuk ke dalam rumah Carl, mengharapkan sang manula menerima bantuan darinya untuk memperoleh lencana. Carl ingat saat-saat ketika mereka mengalami petualangan yang melibatkan nyawa, namun juga meninggalkan kenangan di saat yang sama. Anjing golden retriever itu–Dug–sudah meninggal 3 tahun yang lalu. Keduanya teringat ketika Dug memilih untuk tetap berada di dekat mereka alih-alih dilarikan ke rumah sakit, ketika penyakitnya sudah mencapai level terburuk. Ia meninggal dengan tenang di pangkuan Russell. Oh iya. Ia menggali-gali isi kantungnya, mencoba meraih sesuatu yang sudah ia bawa dari rumah. Tutup soda. Dengan hati-hati, ia berdiri, menjepitkan tutup soda itu ke kaus rumah sakit Carl. Butuh usaha besar baginya untuk bicara, \"Terima kasih… Mr. Fredrickson.\" Carl sendiri tidak mampu berkata-kata, seolah suaranya tersangkut di tenggorokan. Baru beberapa detik berselang ia merespons, \"Sama-sama, Russel.\" Tutup botol yang dijepitkan di kausnya mengundang berbagai kenangan. Kenangan-kenangan yang indah, tentu saja. Ia ingat ketika ia melakukan hal yang sama pada Russell bertahun-tahun yang lalu, mengucapkan terima kasih pada sang bocah. Ia ingat betapa lebarnya senyuman Russell ketika ia berdiri berdampingan dengan Carl di atas panggung. Dan sekarang, Russell juga duduk di sisinya. Hanya saja, ia tidak tersenyum. Betapa ia ingin melihat Russell tersenyum lebar seperti dulu. Betapa dirinya ingin mengatakan pada Russell, kalau ia merindukan wajah cerah anak laki-laki itu. Matnya perlahan-lahan terpejam, dengan kedua tangan tersilang rapi di depan dada. Sekelilingnya memburam, dan napasnya terdengar semakin samar. Garis hijau di layar perlahan-lahan melambat, dan berakhir menciptakan garis lurus dengan nada monoton. Carl Fredrickson sudah tiada. Russell tetap duduk di atas kursinya, selagi air mata perlahan-lahan mengalir turun dari pelupuk. Tangannya terkepal kuat, berusaha untuk tidak pecah dalam tangisan. Hanya ada isakan samar yang mengiringi suara kardiograf. \"Aku bahkan belum sempat mengucapkan selamat tinggal…\" . . \"Carl,\" Pemandangan di sekitarnya didominasi warna putih, dan ia bisa mendengar suara yang selama ini dia rindukan, suara yang ia pikir tidak akan pernah lagi didengarnya… Ellie berdiri di depannya, cantik dan sehat seperti kali terakhir ia melihatnya. Ellie berjalan mendekati suaminya, dengan Buku Petualangan di dekapan. Di sebelahnya Dug berdiri, mengibas-ngibaskan ekor dengan ceria. Ia terlihat persis sama dengan Dug yang pertama kali ditemuinya. Buku besar itu dibukanya, ditulisi kata-entah apa–Carl tidak bisa melihatnya. Ellie menariknya ke dalam rengkuhan, menciumnya dengan penuh kasih sayang. Buku yang terjatuh luput dari perhatian. Tanpa mengucapkan sepatah kata pun, ia mengulurkan tangannya ke arah Carl, menautkan jemarinya di sela-sela jari Carl. Bahkan dalam sunyi Carl paham. Ellie ingin Carl mengikutinya. Ia mulai berjalan. Mula-mula perlahan, namun lama-lama semakin cepat. Kerut di sekujur tubuhnya perlahan menghilang, dan ia merasakan tubuhnya berangsur-angsur semakin ringan. Begitu pula dengan Ellie. Rambut putihnya perlahan-lahan berubah warna menjadi cokelat gelap. Ellie menatapnya dengan senyum lebar, senyum yang sudah lama tidak dilihatnya. Itu adalah senyum ompong yang menariknya masuk ke dalam petualangan. Dengan kedua tangan saling bertaut, keduanya mereka berjalan menuju ke arah cahaya yang akan menjadi tempat di mana mereka tinggal. Jauh dari sana, buku itu tetap terbuka, menampilkan tulisan besar yang memenuhi lembar putih. . TAMAT . a/n Akhirnya, setelah dapet ijin resmi dari pihak plot maker -nya... saya jadi nekat untuk upload cerita ini. :\") makasih banyak buat natedontfly , yang dengan apiknya sudah menciptakan imajinasi sedemikian rupa. Apa ceritanya udah berhasil bikin nangis? Semoga aja. Ceritanya saya permak di sana-sini, jadi mungkin feel -nya malah hilang(?) X\"\"\"D Xoxo, Ayame ","Summary":" Cerita dan plot tidak murni berasal dari saya (credit to Disney and natedontfly), tapi saya sudah m"},{"Movie":"Up","Title":"Secretísimo","Author":"Missannie L","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11697685","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Los personajes y todo lo que se pueda reconocer le pertenece a Disney, el resto (incluyendo mi corazón destrozado) es mío Aviso: Este fic participa en el Reto #1: \"Mi personaje preferido\" del foro \"El Valle Encantado: Dónde la magia comienza\" Número de palabras: 445 (según Word) Secretísimo . . Cuadró los hombros cuando el líder llegó a su altura, su padre se lo había aconsejado en innumerables ocasiones, eso hacía que uno se viera más alto y orgulloso de lo que en realidad era. Sintió las miradas de los demás, oyó cómo le preguntaban dónde estaba su acompañante. Evitó que notaran su mirada de angustia, hacía poco había regresado de su más grande aventura y, sin embargo, su padre todavía no lo sabía. Phyllis no lo dijo, pero no era necesario para que supiera que él ni siquiera había notado su ausencia. Todo era diferente hacía unos años, donde su padre era su mejor amigo y su madre quien lo arropaba y besaba todas las noches, pero todo había terminado cuando ella se fue. Tardó un poco en comprender que no volvería . Odiaba visitar el cementerio en donde estaba. Porque ver su sepulcro sólo hacía que su ausencia adquiriera un carácter real , dejaba de parecer algo pasajero , en un mundo donde todavía esperaba que su mamá lo recibiera apenas entrara al departamento, con algo delicioso para que comieran los dos mientras le contaba sobre su día. Sintió con más fuerza las miradas que le dirigían y comenzó a sentirse nervioso y decepcionado. Su padre lo había prometido . Que estaría allí y luego irían a comer helado como en los viejos tiempos. Como si nada hubiese cambiado. Miró alrededor, nervioso, pero la mayoría de las sillas estaban vacías. Entonces lo oyó. No a él , sino al señor Fredricksen , quien se tomó su tiempo para colocarle su insignia de \"ayuda a los mayores\", pero cuando terminó y la miró, se dio cuenta de que era distinta . En realidad se le hacía vagamente familiar. –La insignia de Ellie. Agrandó los ojos. ¡Por eso se le hacía conocida! Se la había visto puesta muchas veces durante su estancia en Cataratas del Paraíso. Estuvo a punto de protestar porque no se creía merecedor de semejante honor , pero, cuando sus miradas se encontraron, supo que el señor Fredricksen creía en él como hacía mucho tiempo no lo hacía alguien más. Esbozó una sonrisa enorme y le enseñó su insignia a Phyllis, quien estaba muy ocupada mimando a Dug y, con sorpresa, notó que la mayoría de las sillas estaban ahora ocupadas por las nuevas mascotas del señor Fredricksen. Todos estaban allí por él, porque lo querían. Volvió a mirar a los ojos al señor Fredricksen y supo que lo que habían vivido en Cataratas del Paraíso sería su secreto secretísimo , porque nadie sabría con exactitud todo lo que habían vivido ahí. No sabrían sobre Kevin ni como la casa de ese maravilloso hombre había llegado a ser sólo una casa . ¡Hola! Gracias por leer Bueno, lo máximo que he llegado a anotarme en los retos han sido dos veces, ¿por qué una tercera? Porque hace poco descubrí que no hay muchos fics de Up y, en español sólo hay dos (contando éste), me impresionó porque la película es preciosa y da mucho para que haya una gran cantidad de historias. También porque estoy triste (Cariño, eres culpable de eso D':) y quería ver si hacía sentir lo mismo a las personas que leyeran este fic xD ¡Feliz y próspero Año Nuevo! Abrazo de panda mafioso Ü Missannie Pd. Oh, oh, oh. Este fic llegó a ustedes gracias a la canción Hush hush de Avril Lavigne (de ahí el nombre, busqué y significa algo como \"top secret\", \"secreto del secreto\" o \"secretísimo\") ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Los personajes y todo lo que se pueda reconocer le pertenece a Disney, el resto (incluy"},{"Movie":"Up","Title":"Big Sky","Author":"UPlover","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10992913","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Carl and Ellie looked up at all the clouds in the sky, One looked like a turtle and then there was another one that looked like a baby. Carl smiled as he listened to his wife talk away about clouds and children. He closed his eyes looking at the clouds and feeling his wife's hand in his. When he awoke her hair was gray. There was a cloud that looked like the Falls in South America. ","Summary":" Carl and Ellie looked up at all the clouds in the sky, One looked like a turtle and then there was "},{"Movie":"Up","Title":"Please Trust Me","Author":"UPlover","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10992931","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Get back here!\" Muntz shouted as he ran after Carl once the blimp crashed in the woods. The two ran in different directions through the woods. Carl's heart pounded as he ran to get away from Muntz' gun. He saw the house land safely on the ground so Russell was safe. Carl walks out into a clearing and rested. He ran so fast that he was so exhausted. From a distance Muntz could see Carl. Slowly he began to run as he clicked his rifle. Suddenly Muntz fell and found himself in a gooey earth that submerged his legs. Each move he made the earth was swallowing him as if he were being eaten. \"Help! Fredricksen, help me!\" Muntz screamed once he realized what he was in. Carl heard the screams and they sounded desperate. Carl didn't know whether to go back into the woods or not. What if he was playing a trick on him that would kill him? \"Please! Help me! Anybody!\" Muntz yelled in despair. Carl ran back into the woods. He was going anyway to see what happened to Muntz. Whatever danger it was he told himself that he would not help him out of it. He was the one who was trying to kill him. \"Where are you?\" Carl called out. \"I'm over here! Behind the trees!\" Carl walked through the trees and came to where Muntz was being swallowed by the earth. Tears were showing in Muntz' eyes. \"Get me out of here Fredricksen.\" he pleased holding out his hand. Carl just looked at the man. For the first time he ever saw him he looked so helpless. \"Get yourself out.\" Those words were so hard for Carl to say,. He never dreamed of killing his childhood hero. \"Please Fredricksen, I'll do anything. I don't want to die like this.\" Carl could feel a lump in his throat but he wasn't going to show it. \"Why should I help you if you were going to kill me without a moments hesitation? How do I know that you won't kill me as soon as I get you out of there?\" Muntz threw his gun to the hard ground as he sank deeper to his chest. \"I promise! If you help me out I won't hurt anybody. Please believe me!\" Muntz yelled desperately. Carl was deep in thought. What if he grabbed his gun as soon as he was out and shot him? Carl walked over to the gun and picked it up. He dropped it into the mud and watched it disappear. \"Sorry Charles, I'm not helping you. You should have just accepted being thrown out from the Explorers Society Club instead of becoming this monster. Good bye.\" Carl turned away from the man and tried to erase the picture of his scared face. The thought that he was going to kill his childhood hero just wrenched his heart. He couldn't help but feel a cloud of guilt rain over his head. \"Fredricksen, I beg you. You have to trust me. I just realized how insane I've actually gotten. I want to go back home. I don't care about the bird any longer. I don't want to die like this/ {lease help me out of her.\" Muntz whimpered through his tears. Carl stood in his place with his back to Muntz as his heart ached with guilt. \"Will you really change?\" he asked. \"I'll be a better person with the time I have left. Please...\" Carl looked at him and then climbed on a log above the deep mud and held his cane down to Muntz. \"Take hold and i'll pull you up!\" Muntz reached up and took hold of the cane. Carl pulled with his might until Muntz could feel himself slipping out from the mud. \"Take my hand!\" Carl said once he could reach his hand. Carl pulled Muntz as hard as he could out from the mud until he was on the log with Carl. \"Thank you Fredricksen, for believing me.\" Muntz said catching his breath. \"You're welcome Charles. I guess I can trust you.\" Carl said. Muntz suddenly began laughing. \"Through acting.\" \"What?\" \"I tend to be a good actor when I'm trying to get people to believe me.\" Muntz laughed and took Carl by the shoulders. \"I thank you for saving my life.\" Muntz pushed Carl off the log where he splashed into the quicksand. Carl's heart thumped in full fear and tried not to thrash around knowing any little movement would make him in trouble even more. \"Muntz where are you going?\" Carl whispered fearfully, too scared to even speak. \"Where do you think Fredricksen? To find that bird and go back and prove that the bird exists.\" Muntz said wearing an evil smile. \"Charles, listen, you wasted all this time hunting for that bird. You need to give up and go back to the world you missed out on. If you want to be known then you need friends, you don't need to be famous. I will be your friend.\" Muntz turned, \"Why would you be my friend Fredricksen?\" \"Because you and I, we have a lot in common. We both had something very important to us be taken away and then we were two men who were lost in denial not knowing how to cope about them. I'll be your friend Charles and I'll show you the world that you missed out on.\" Carl could see the man thinking. He looked as if he was feeling sorry for himself. Carl looked down seeing he was at his chest. He hoped that he'd have a change in heart. Muntz walked to the edge of the quicksand and bent down. \"Hand me your cane.\" Carl took a breath or relief and reached his cane over to Muntz who took hold of it. Muntz took it from his hand and dropped in the hard earth. He suddenly got up and began walking away again. \"Where are you going?! I thought you were going to help me!\" Carl shouted as his heart began pounding once more as he sank deeper. \"Do you really think that I'd help you? Look t yourself. You're just a crazy old man who doesn't know what he's thinking. Why don't you just wake up for once and die!\" Muntz laughed in his evil way once more. Something suddenly bit his leg. \"Dug!\" Carl shouted. Muntz kicked the dog off. \"Why you little...\" Muntz held his leg high until a familiar bird was heard. Muntz was flying through the air until he hit his head on the log and fell unconscious for the rest of his life as he began disappearing into the quicksand. \"Master how do we get you out of here?\" Dug asked coming near the mud. \"Just go back and get Russell! He has a rope!\" \"Are you sure master? It's far.\" \"Let Russell ride on Kevin, she's fast. Go!\" Kevin and Dug reluctantly left and disappeared through the trees. Was that a good idea? Carl thought a he was coming up to his chin. He would have had Kevin pass him his cane and pull him out. Carl shivered when he suddenly felt his chin hit the mud. Part of his cane was in the mud. Could he reach it? Carl reached for the cane. He was able to touch it but he wasn't able to take hold of it. Carl took his mouth out from the mud. \"RUSSELL! HURRY!\" He wasn't going to make it, he knew it once he couldn't breathe anymore. His whole life flashed before his eyes as he remembered every day with Ellie. The best days ever. When he opened his eyes before seeing darkness there were a bright light showing in the sky. Someone grabbed his hand. He could breathe again and he was on a hard earth surface. \"Thank you...\" he coughed. \"Thank you Russ...\" Ellie at next to him looking at him with her beautiful smile. \"Ellie, you're... am I dead?\" \"No.\" \"How are you here?\" Carl asked still befuddled. \"I said that I'd always help you when you were in trouble. This is not the end of your life yet. I needed to come and save your life.\" \"You mean you have been watching me these past two years? Why didn't you try and help me? I was in trouble.\" Carl said. \"Was someone trying to kill you?\" Ellie asked. \"No.\" \"You caused the trouble yourself Carl. What could I do. But promise to live in the world again. I couldn't stand to see you block it out. Live your life with people, not alone.\" \"I promise Ellie. I promise.\" They kissed each other. \"Mr. Fredricksen!\" Russell shouted. Ellie disappeared. Russell jumped off of Kevin and fell to Carl's side. \"Are you okay?\" \"Yes, I'm fine.\" Carl said smiling. \"How did you get out by yourself? Dug said you were up to your neck b the time he left.\" Carl turned to the the little boy. \"Let';s just say I had a little help.\" he smiled at the clouds. \"Come on, let's go home.\" \"What about your house?\" Russell asked. \"Just leave it. It belongs here. Let's go home.\" ","Summary":" \"Get back here!\" Muntz shouted as he ran after Carl once the blimp crashed in the woods. The two "},{"Movie":"Up","Title":"Ice Cream","Author":"Fox the Writer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12366403","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It had been a long time since he had ice cream ever since his wife, Ellie, passed away. Before he met his young friend, Russell, he and Ellie would go get ice cream at the zoo's cafe together when they were on their breaks from their jobs. Ellie, the reasonably more excitable one of the two would order the Toucan Tutti-Frutti ice cream while Carl would request a humble a Vicuna Vanilla flavor. It was one of many moments he treasured deeply with his spouse. And now, after having one of the greatest adventures of his life with Russell in South America, and learning to live again, he could now look forward to having ice cream again. He would still get a vanilla flavor, for old time's sake, but he'd try the Toucan Tutti-Frutti in honor of Ellie. Besides, he had always been curious about how good it tasted. A/N: This movie makes me cry tears of joy LOL. The characters and their relationships to each other is one reason why it's one of my favorite movies. :) ","Summary":" It had been a long time since he had ice cream ever since his wife, Ellie, passed away. Before he m"},{"Movie":"Up","Title":"Black Umbrellas","Author":"Disneyspine","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11134364","Passage":"[Chapter 1] There were lots of black umbrellas. Too many black umbrellas. In a way, it was great how many black umbrellas there were, but in a way, it was horrible as well. He wouldn't have wanted black umbrellas, Russell knew this. He wouldn't have wanted black umbrellas, or bloodshot eyes, with tears running down said bloodshot eyes, mingling and mixing with the rain falling from the sky. He wouldn't have wanted it to rain, either - the rain always made his joints ache, or so he complained about to Russell (before, of course, Russell would drag him off on some spectacular adventure). That's what he would have wanted, Russell knew this. He would have wanted people to remember the adventurous, yet cantankerous old man he was, not the cold lifeless body lying in the coffin. It was, just a body, after all. The soul of that body hadn't appeared wrinkled, at least not the last time Russell had seen him. That soul had been young and vibrant, had looked out the window at the great blue sky and spoke well into the night when the sky was as black as all those umbrellas. He spoke about everything and nothing, giving Russell that last feel of that thing he lacked. He spent his last moments acting like Russell's father. And Russell felt guilty, because he let him - he let him waste those last minutes on him (what selfish person would do that? he would ask himself). But then, maybe it wasn't a waste. Maybe it wasn't Russell's fault he spent those last moments rambling on and on about properly inflating a balloon, about saving money in mason jars, about dealing with loss and heartbreak, about getting married and thinking about starting a family, about how loss and heartbreak can happen even when your at your happiest. It was then, when Russell was standing in the middle of all those black umbrellas, a plain purple balloon held in his hand as the rain began to clear, that he realized that somehow, those last minutes had meant something to the man. They meant as much to him, as they did to Russell. When he was alone, and his tears had dried, and his lips pressed hard together broke into a small and sad, but peaceful smile, he let go of that balloon. \"See you later, Mr. Fredricksen...\" A/N Why do I do things like this? Why?! If you would like to request a story in any Disney-Pixar animated fandom, please feel free to do so. Thanks for reading, and please review! ","Summary":" There were lots of black umbrellas. Too many black umbrellas. In a way, it was great how many black"},{"Movie":"Up","Title":"The End of the Adventure","Author":"ayamekaizumi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12057332","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I do not own UP, nor the plot. The plot was beautifully written by a tumblr fellow- natedontfly. With his kind permission, here I am, writing the extended version of his imagination. The hospital room was quiet. It seemed like the only sound existed was the cardiograph. Wind entered through the window. The person on the bed remained silent, not willing to say any words. He knew that he would not stay alive any longer. All he was waiting for was death itself. The door cracked open, showing a young lad, who had reached the age of 18. He was not as fat as he used to be, and he had gotten taller. \"Mr. Fredrickson?\" his already-turned-into-baritone voice croacked out. \"You awake?\" The elder one nodded, but said nothing. Even the movement of his looked so weak. Russell put the bouqet he brought into the vase, letting the fragrance to spread all over the room. He took a round seat on the corner, and propped himself on it, watching Carl in eyes full of gloom. Neither of them decided to start the conversation. However, Carl forced himself a smile–a heartwarming smile. Despite the illness he was having, and how weak he had gotten, he wanted to show Russell that the boy's presence made him happy. But to Russell, that was a departing smile. He tried so hard to hold back his tears. It's been like, years, since the two of them met. Russell remembered how he snuck into Carl's house, begging to assist him to get the badge. Carl remembered the advanture they had, life-risking, but memorable at the same time. The golden retriever–Dug–had already died 3 years ago. The two of them remembered how he wanted to stay with them instead of going to the hospital when his desease had gotten to its worst. He died sleeping on Russell's lap. Oh, right . He dug into his pocket, trying to grasp for something he had brought from home. The soda lid. Carefully, he stood up, pinning the soda lid into Carl's hospital shirt. He tried so hard to say, \"Thank you… Mr. Fredrickson.\" Carl was so choked up he could barely say a word. It took him a few seconds before finally replying, \"You're welcome, Russell.\" The small lid pinned on his shirt did recall memories. Beautiful memories. He remembered how he did the same thing to Russell years ago, also thanking the boy. He remembered how wide the boy's smile was when he stood side by side with him onstage. And now, Russell was sitting right beside him. Only, he didn't smiling. How he wanted Russell to smile like he always did. How he wanted to see his bright face like the old days. He closed his eyes with hands folded on the chest, as his breath became more shallow. His visions became blurry. The green line on the monitor started to fade, until it got to the point where it made a long beeping sound. Carl Fredrickson had gone. Russell remained on his seat, as tears started flowing out of his slanted eyes. He clenched his fist so hard, trying not to make any sound but a muffled sob. \"I didn't even had the chance to say a proper goodbye…\" . . \"Carl,\" The views around him was all white, and there was that sound he'd missed so much coming out from the blinding light, the voice he thought he would never hear anymore… It was Ellie, standing right in front of him, healthy and beautiful like the last time he saw her. She walked towards his husband, with the Adventure Book on her embrace. Dug was standing on her right, wagging his tail cheerfully. He looks just the same like the first time he met him. Ellie flipped the book open, writing something Carl didn't even know what. Then she pulled himself closer, kissing him passionately. The book fell, but the two of them didn't seem to care. Without uttering a single word, she stretched her hand towards Carl, placing her fingers on his. Even in silence Carl knew. Ellie wanted him to follow her. He started walking. Slowly at first, but faster at each steps. His wrinkles started to fade, and he felt himself being lighter. The same thing goes to Ellie. She turned smaller, her hair turned brown. Dug jumped happily as he tailed the couple. Ellie looked at him with a wide smile, the smile he had never seen in years. It was the smile with no front tooth, the smile offered to him when she said \"welcome to the club\". They had reversed to they young selves. Still walking hand in hand, they headed to the light, the place where Ellie came from–and the place that would be a new home for the three. Far from where they are now, the book remained open, showing a big writing on the white paper… . THE END . a/n How was it? Is it heartbreaking enough? Is it enough to make you tear up? I really thank natedontfly for personally giving me a nice permission to rewrite this story (go check his tumblr!), and Disney of course, for letting us to unleash the imagination. So praise him for his marvelous idea of the sequel. If you ask how much percentages do I make, you can say that I change almost 50% of it, where nate's plot doesn't include Dug in it. You may see the original one here: .com(slash)post(slash)66910753653(slash)they - should - make - an - animated - short - where - carl - is Xoxo, Ayame ","Summary":" I do not own UP, nor the plot. The plot was beautifully written by a tumblr fellow- natedontfly. Wi"},{"Movie":"Up","Title":"Alas de ángel","Author":"Jek Scarlet","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12283417","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Up es de Walt Disney Pictures y Pixar Animation Studios. Claim: [Carl&Ellie;] Escuchaba 'Shine Supernova' de Cody Simpson mientras escribía ese drabble, por lo que les recomiendo escucharla. Para powerdark. ¤ Alas de ángel ¤ El sol brillaba en su sonrisa inocente y pura cuando la conoció. Una sonrisa que para él era el cielo en la tierra, la cual se mantuvo brillante y cálida hasta el final. Ellie era el ángel que llegó a su vida para brindarle felicidad con pequeños detalles que parecerían insignificantes ante los ojos de otras personas. Con el tranquilo sonido de su respiración a su lado en la cama, los latidos de ella volviéndose uno con los de él al momento de bailar, el sonrojo en sus mejillas, y el toque de su piel en una caricia. Ellie era el ángel que el cielo le había enviado para hacer su vida más brillante y viva. Un ángel que abrió sus alas y ahora regresa al lugar que pertenece. Quiere seguirla, pero es un globo atorado en una vieja rama que se mese y pelea contra el viento, queriendo llegar a un cielo azul lejano. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Up es de Walt Disney Pictures y Pixar Animation Studios. Claim: [Carl&Ellie;] Escuchaba"},{"Movie":"Up","Title":"Up fanfic","Author":"DarkMist1967","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10589027","Passage":"[Chapter 1] She smiled at as she heard the door slowly shut and heard the familiar sound of shuffling come close to her bed. She turned her head over and opened her weary old eyes, and smiled warmly at Carl as he frowned at her, in sadness. \"Hi Ellie,\" he said as he sat down in a chair placed next to her bed. \"Hi honey,\" she said quietly. Her now dim colored blue eyes traveled up the string in Carl's hand to the ceiling and she laughed quietly to herself at the inflated, yellow, helium balloon. \"Just like old times,\" she whispered, barely audible to Carl's ears, even with the help of a hearing aid. Carl bit his lip in sadness, hating how she looked now. How she sounded now. The pale blue hospital gown seemed to make her pale skin glow bright, and sickly. Her long hair, usually in a bun or under a bandanna, surrounded her hair in a tangled, grey halo. Her eyes, always so full of life and energy, seemed to be dimming, like the frail life in her olden bode. As tears threatened to reveal his emotion, he felt a small hand unsteadily land on his face. He looked down at his wife, and friend, and couldn't help but smile as more tears fell down his face as she smiled childishly, her round cheeks pushing a few wrinkles up. He held her other hand, which was embedded with vines of vital substances, needed to keep her alive. His large hands were oddly soft and gentle with her small dainty ones, and would have surprised others. But they didn't mind. Ellie always said it was another secret they shared, like the many others they had told in their youth, and even their adulthood. A small hand wiped away the tears on Carl's wrinkled cheeks. \"I love you,\" she said to him, her voice tearing away the last of what remained of the awkward silence. \"I love you too,\" he replied in his gruff voice. He grabbed the hand on his cheek and planted a soft kiss on the back of it. Ellie sighed in calm content, as the soft-hearted shepherd of sleep made his way across her mind, with his soft fluffy herd of dream sheep covered it's land. Carl held her hand with both hands, cupping it like a child you caught a butterfly and never wished to let it go, but sadly knew he would. The beeping of the heart monitor soon became one of the only sound heard. At least to anyone other than Carl. To him the only sounds he could hear was Ellie's near-silent sleeping, falling into the rhythm of the electronic heart beat. And soon, just like the the short and shrill beeps, it too would stop. ","Summary":" She smiled at as she heard the door slowly shut and heard the familiar sound of shuffling come clos"},{"Movie":"Up","Title":"Lost my pieces","Author":"Missannie L","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11682338","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Los personajes conocidos son propiedad de Disney Aviso: Este fic participa en el mini-reto navideño: \"Una Navidad Mágica\" del foro \"El Valle Encantado: Dónde la magia comienza\" Aclaraciones: Me anoté con Up , me dieron a Carl Fredricksen , así que lean bajo su propia responsabilidad xD Número de palabras: 620 (según Word) Lost my pieces . . Mira fijamente la televisión, la pantalla muestra la imagen de una sala con la chimenea encendida y un árbol colocado en la esquina, lleno de luces y esferas. Parpadea y desvía los ojos hacia la esquina donde está el suyo, el cual su madre puso unos días atrás. Frunce el ceño. Algo no está bien. Hay diferencias entre lo que aparece en la pantalla y lo que le rodea, ha estado pensando en ello desde que llegó la postal de su abuela, donde la cálida imagen no coincide con la frase brevemente educada. Al pensar en ello abre los ojos. Ahí está la diferencia: la calidez . Se supone (o al menos eso es lo que le han dicho) que la Navidad es una época llena de alegría, risas y abrazos. Su ceño se frunce más cuando recuerda la cena a la que asistió con su familia, donde tuvo que usar un traje que picaba mientras todos hablaban de \" cosas adultas \" y, lo más extraño, Santa Claus se había limitado a dejarle una corbata y calcetines grises, ni siquiera comió las galletas o la leche que le dejó. Al preguntarle a su padre, éste se había limitado a decir que \" Santa era alguien ocupado, y que no deja dinero, porque quiere que aprendas a ganártelo, sólo da cosas útiles \". Frota sus ojos y suspira. Tendrá que trabajar para conseguir dinero y poder ir a ver la nueva producción de Charles Muntz y, tal vez, pueda comprarse un globo, así tendrá su propio Espíritu Aventurero , es lo único que le falta para ser como él, su gorro de aviador lo consiguió después de trabajar muy duro y convencer a sus padres de que era algo útil. .::*::..::*::.. Mira la televisión, pero todo es distinto . Aunque ésa es la palabra que destaca más cuando compara lo que vive ahora, desde Ellie . Desvía los ojos de la pantalla para encontrarla discutiendo acaloradamente con su tío sobre la importancia de pertenecer a su club. Evita tocar la insignia que lo hace miembro, pero no puede evitar sonreír. Alguien choca contra él, aunque no le importa. La casa está llena de ruido y gente, en la cena usó su típico traje, con una corbata colorida, regalo de Ellie, porque el gris era \" demasiado adulto y aburrido \". Su madre se hubiese escandalizado por ello, pero para él, definitivamente, ésta es la mejor Navidad de su vida. \" La primera de muchas \" .::*::..::*::.. El fuego que crepita en la chimenea es lo único que ilumina y caldea la habitación, aunque, por desgracia, la calidez no puede llegar a su corazón. Desde aquella primera vez con Ellie, la Navidad se convirtió en una fecha para celebrar, llena de ruido, amor, diversión… todo lo que sus padres no permitían o daban. Y, cada vez, ella le regalaba una corbata que no fuera gris, después comenzó con los moños negros. Un color \" precioso, porque es el que mayores secretos esconde \". Ésta sería la primera vez que no recibiría uno. Gruñe. Por tradición colocó un árbol, pero es como si regresara en el tiempo, cuando era niño y se limitaba a comparar su Navidad con la de un programa de televisión, no la anhelaba porque, ¿cómo se podría desear algo que no se conocía? Toca la insignia que lo sigue haciendo parte de su club. Y de cómo llegó a formar parte de él. Suspira. Sí, se rompió un brazo, pero fue un precio justo (tal vez un poco bajo), para que ella entrara en su vida. Y, en esos momentos, dejaría que le rompieran todos sus huesos con tal de que regrese a ella. –Feliz Navidad, Ellie –le susurra a su sillón, como si estuviera ahí, sonriendo, llenándolo y completándolo. Haciéndolo feliz. ¡Muchas gracias por leer! Espero que les haya gustado, la idea surgió cuando escuché \"Lost my pieces\", pueden buscarla en YouTube ;) si no me dicen y se las paso ¡Pasen una linda Navidad y Año Nuevo! Abrazo de panda mafioso Missannie ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Los personajes conocidos son propiedad de Disney Aviso: Este fic participa en el mini-r"},{"Movie":"Up","Title":"A Day on the Hill","Author":"UPlover","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10988267","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Look Mr. Fredricksen, it's a turtle!\" Carl opened his eyes as he lay on the picnic blanket. Just like the cloud he and Ellie once saw. \"I remember that cloud. Ellie and I always sat that cloud.\" They both lay on the blanket as they watched the clouds pass. \"Squirrel!\" Dug barked. Carl opened his eyes again seeing the dog bouncing. \"Dug, it's just a cloud that looks like a squirrel. It's not real.\" \"Aww.\" the dog whined. \"There's a pack of squirrels down there!\" Russell pointed out and before he knew it the dog was gone. \"Russell why did you do that? Now he's going to go crazy.\" Carl said watching the dog run around. \"Oh come on it makes great entertainment.\" Carl had to admit it was funny once he saw the dog running after each squirrel. \"It feels so nice to sit on this hill again, I haven't sat here in a long time.\" Carl said. \"Is Ellie above the clouds Mr. Fredricksen?\" Russell asked. \"She sure is.\" Carl said as he lay back down on the blanket. \"Mr. fredricksen?\" \"Yeah?\" \"What's love like?\" Carl turned to the little boy. \"It's the best thing in the whole world Russell. Don't ever treat it as a joke because it's always real and doesn't always last long. My love with Ellie lasted over sixty years, the best years of my life.\" \"When will I find love Mr. Fredricksen?\" \"You'll know once you're old enough Russell. Just wait and see.\" \"Russell!\" Emily called from the bottom of the hill. \"Do you want to play tag?\" Russell ran to the bottom of the hill and ran off with Emily as Carl watched. Carl smiled, knowing some day they'd have feelings and know how they'd feel for each other. He felt someone sitting next to him but nobody was there. He lied down on the blanket once more. One of the clouds looked like a smile. Carl closed his eyes with a smile on his face. ","Summary":" \"Look Mr. Fredricksen, it's a turtle!\" Carl opened his eyes as he lay on the picnic blanket. Just"},{"Movie":"Up","Title":"What Goes Up Ellie's Not Dead","Author":"edhoogh","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11588330","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Carl pulls Russell along, Muntz following behind like something out of a bad dream. Russell knew that this was a very bad man, but he was practicing minding his manners and respecting his elders. \"Oh, you really must stay. I insist! We have so much more to talk about!\" bellows Muntz. Out of nowhere there was a distant haunted wail. Everyone stops. \"Kevin?\" Russell cries out running to the crooked window at the far end of the room. The dirty scowl that Muntz had been wearing all night relaxed. Muntz walks to the window and looks out into the jungle. Atop his very own roof he sees the bird. \"It's here\" he exclaims. He pivots back to Carl and Russell but they're gone. \"Get them!\" He immediately demands. Carl and Russell race down the hall swinging open every unlocked door in search of an egress. The first, a room that contained a stuffed arsinoitherium, one of Muntz's prized catches. The second, filled with tools and gizmos that were absolutely unspeakable. By the time they reached the sixth door it seemed as though they would never get out of this twisted house of horrors. Even H. H. Holmes would be impressed by the maze that existed within these walls. The barking was getting closer. The dogs would be gnawing off their ankles any minute now. Carl reached for the handle and turned the knob as he saw them rounding the corner of the endless hallway. An instant later Carl and Russell were on the the other side of the door. They secured it with the sliding gold lock just low enough for Russell's pudgy hands to reach. They find a light switch. The single florescent bulb in the middle of the ceiling illuminates a bed with four posts adorned with a floral duvet. This could not be the bedroom of the man they had just had dinner with. The dogs scraped violently at the door and muttered obscenities with their bark-translator devices. There had to be a way out, or at least a way to temporarily fight off the dogs. Russell opens a creaky door adjacent to the bed. Unfortunately it is not an exit, it is a closet. As Carl rummages through the drawers, Russell begins to back away from the door, dogs still yelping in the background. A woman emerges from behind a bright yellow rain jacket suspended from an old wire hanger. Her blue eyes peered down at Russell with affection and as she inched her glasses up the bridge of her nose, a small piece of her gray hair fell out of her elegant bun and onto her cheek. She had a subtle green button down shirt and a royal purple scarf hanging from her neck. \"Are you alright ma'am? Do the dogs scare you too?\" Russell stutters as his boy scout training kicks in. \"It is quite alright young man. I have learned that their bark is worse than their bite\" That voice. Carl feels dizzy as he turns around to see where it originates. \"Ellie\" He manages to utter. He hadn't been able to speak that name for a very long time. But before he could get another word in, he was interrupted by a newly created hole in the door. A moment later Muntz was in the room with a harpoon. And like every other evil mastermind, paces the room confessing his previous crime and reveals his plans before he finishes off his victims. \"It was innocent at first.\" Muntz reasoned. \"I would write to Ellie about my search for the bird. Then I realized she could be a wonderful asset. Her doctor wasn't interested in bribes, but Ellies bedside nurse agreed to slip her rohypnol and forge a death certificate, for a steep price of course. I swept Ellie away like in the movies. El didn't like her new home at first. She never stopped fighting to return to you Carl. But eventually she realized her place here.\" He whispered as he brushed her cheek with the back of his fingers. \"She knows so much about this island. More than I ever could have hoped. We nearly got the bird last month with Katherine's help…\" A girl emerges from the closet and the bantering stops. \"Who are you? Are you Katherine? Were you captured too!?\" Russell inquires. She wore a blue dress; its hem laying an inch above her kneecap. She was young, no older than nineteen. Her long blonde hair framed her angular face. Her brown eyes flickered around the room and stopped at Russell. \"My name is Katherine, but I like to be called Kate. What's your name?\" she asked looking up begging Muntz to allow her to humor the boy. \"My name is Russell and I am a Wilderness Explorer!\" he exclaimed as he reached out to shake the young woman's hand. \"That's enough!\" Muntz bellowed as he stepped in front of the girl. He turned his back to her to address Carl and Russell. He was sure they wouldn't get away from him this time. He ordered Ellie to tie them up with a rope that he lobbed at her from across the room. But before she could get the chance to even contemplate such betrayal, Kate, standing behind Muntz all this time sank her teeth into his bicep. Muntz let out a wail like a wounded puppy. In the chaos of his pain and confusion, Kate grabbed Russell and headed for the door closely followed by Carl and Ellie. But they were stopped at the door by Muntz's pack of dogs. They had witnessed the entire encounter and were believed to be a threat to the group. They stood in silence for a moment and then a familiar voice opened the floodgates. The dogs all moved to the side to reveal Dog, sitting in the hallway. \"I said to leave master and his people alone\" Dog ordered. \"They are family to me, therefore they are family to you.\" The other canines whimpered as Dog spoke to them. He had received a new translation device that made him sound a lot more assertive than his previous eleven-year-old boy voice. As he led Russell, Kate, Ellie and Carl out of the room, he ordered the door to be locked with Muntz inside. He would attend to him later. Dog didn't seem quite sure how to get out of the house either, but sooner or later they once again met the light of day. He had been planning a rebellion with Alpha for weeks now. And what they had been planning for what seemed like so long, unraveled in a matter of hours when Carl and Russell arrived on the island. Kevin was outside waiting to meet them. Russell proceeded to jump on her back. She motioned the group to a distant rock, and so they followed. \"Kate had worked for Muntz for five years now, relentlessly tracking the bird for Muntz's twisted game. I don't know how he found her, she has never told me. But she is good at what she does, she almost caught Kevin a dozen times. Muntz wasn't all that bad. He always took great care of her. Gave her everything and anything that she wanted, except allowing her to go back home to New York to be with her family.\" Ellie explained. She didn't have to explain what had happened to her or what had led Ellie to this place here and now. All that was important was right beside her in that moment. Carl was there and she was no longer \"dead\" In fact she was very much alive and ready to be with him again. Till death do they part... again. \"I just want to go home, I hope my family missed me as much as I miss them\" Kate wondered out loud \"I am sure they do, Dear\" Carl added as he grabbed Ellie's hand. As they reached the rock in question, they heard faint screeching from behind it. They discovered a dozen baby birds of Kevin's kind. Little did they know, Muntz was not so securely locked away in the same room he kept Ellie and Kate. He had a hatch beneath the floorboards that led to a tunnel that let out of the cellar doors. He cracked the left door open to be sure that there were no dogs watching, and then he followed Carl, Ellie, Russell, Kate, Dog and Kevin. The bird. The object of his decade-long obsession. This time once and for all he would prove to everyone that he wasn't crazy. This time he would have proof that this majestic bird truly does exist and they, those reporters and poachers were just trying to discredit him and his work. ","Summary":" Carl pulls Russell along, Muntz following behind like something out of a bad dream. Russell knew th"},{"Movie":"Up","Title":"Call My Name","Author":"Zecka Fujioka","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10951675","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Call My Name . DISCLAIMER: UP© Pete Docter, Bob Peterson & Thomas McCarthy WARNING: typo, Canon, deskripsi sederhana, OOC. . \"Mr. Fredricksen!\" Suara cempreng sangat disukai lelaki paruh baya tengah menyantap makanan bareng seekor anjing kesayangan di sebuah café sering sekali dikunjunginya. Lelaki paruh baya itu mengangkat kepalanya, menatap anak kecil berusia 10 tahun tengah berlari-lari ke arahnya. Senyuman tersungging di bibir keriputnya. \"Russel!\" \"Mr. Fredricksen!\" teriaknya berlari dan memeluk lelaki paruh baya bernama Carl Fredricksen, lelaki sudah dianggapnya sebagai seorang kakek. \"Aku kangen padamu dan aku senang memanggil namamu.\" Carl tergelak mendengar pernyataan Russel, bocah memanggil namanya. \"Tentu saja aku senang juga kamu memanggilku, Russel. Kini aku juga senang memanggilmu dan kamu muncul di tempat ini.\" Russel tersenyum sumringah, melepaskan rengkuhannya dan duduk di seberang Carl Fredricksen. \"Apa makanan kita hari ini?\" Russel mengitari pandangan ke beberapa menu makanan tak terlalu banyak. \"Hanya segini sarapan pagimu, Mr. Fredricksen?\" \"Sejujurnya, iya.\" \"Tapi …\" Russel member jeda. \"Kata mom, aku harus makan makanan bergizi atau—\" Russel bangkit dan bersorak karena mengingat sesuatu. \"—makan es krim!\" serunya lantang. Carl kembali tergelak, menahan agar tawanya tak terlalu pecah. \"Jangan pernah makan es krim pagi-pagi, Russel. Tidak baik buat kesehatanmu. Kasihan perutmu, kamu akan sakit perut apabila makan es krim pagi-pagi.\" Russel mengerucutkan bibir, tak suka. \"Padahal aku sudah mewanti-wanti demi makan bersamamu, Mr. Fredricksen.\" \"Lain kali saja.\" Melipat kedua tangan sambil memalingkan muka, Carl Cuma bisa tertawa kecil melihatnya. Anak-anak memang tak mau memakan mengandung sayur-sayuran karena takut pencernaanya sering lancar. Ketika saat mau memakannya, bau sayur-sayuran sering tercium dan bikin perutnya mual. Anak-anak sering mengeluhkannya. \"Apa kamu tahu, Russel, kalau sayuran itu bisa mengembangkan otot agar kuat?\" Pertanyaan dari Carl membuat Russel mengalihkan pandangan ke Carl. Lelaki paruh baya tersenyum kecil. \"Jika kamu memakan makanan berupa sayur, aku pastikan kamu akan suka pada petualangan selanjutnya.\" \"Mr. Fredricksen!\" panggilnya. Carl terlonjak di tempatnya berdiri, kaget. \"A—apa?\" \"Aku suka sekali mendengarnya,\" senyum Russel mengembang. \"Makasih, Mr. Fredricksen.\" \"Sama-sama, boy .\" \"Jadi, mana makananku?!\" tanyanya menjelajah. Carl tertawa kecil. \"Kenapa kamu tertawa, Mr. Fredricksen?\" \"Bukankah ibumu sudah menaruh bekal makanan di dalam tasmu, Russel?\" Carl menunjuk ke belakang di mana tas masih berada di punggung Russel. Bocah itu cengengesan, salah tingkah. \"Makan makananmu, lalu kita kembali berpetualang.\" \"Siap, Mr. Fredricksen!\" Russel mengeluarkan bekal makanan telah disiapkan mommy-nya, makanan berupa sayuran dan ada sedikit daging di dalamnya. Mau tak mau, Russel harus menghabiskannya demi berpetualang dengan orang disayanginya seperti Carl Fredricksen. Mereka saling memanggil nama dan mereka menyukainya. Karena panggilan nama itu, di sinilah mereka. Bisa bersama-sama walau kesepian pernah menyelimuti. Namun, ada pelajaran di balik itu semua. Bukankah begitu? [End] . A/N: Yes! Akhirnya buat fic UP! Horray! #BersorakSorai Sign, Zecka Fujioka 06 Januari 2015 ","Summary":" Call My Name . DISCLAIMER: UP© Pete Docter, Bob Peterson & Thomas McCarthy WARNING: typo, Canon, de"},{"Movie":"Up","Title":"Come Back Later: Gone Fishin'","Author":"Punzie the Platypus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10929346","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Soli Deo gloria DISCLAIMER: I do NOT own Up. Here's a little fic of Carl and Russell bonding some. :) \"Have you seen my Fishing in the Wilderness patch, Mr. Fredricksen?\" Russell asked eagerly. He bounced up and down as he, Mr. Fredricksen, and Dug walked down toward the dock of Wilderness Exploration Park. Russell, bounding with his tiny feet, was too fast for Mr. Fredricksen, whose tennis-ball-ended cane could only be jerked up and down so fast. Mr. Fredricksen didn't answer him for a minute. He worked on catching his old ragged breath, and then frowned at Dug. \"Dug, calm down!\" Dug was running and leaping around the two friends and stepping on their feet, impeding their march forward. \"Oh, but I am so very excited, Master! I like being near the wa-ter and catching all of the de-licious fish. They are stupid, like squirrels. Squirrel!\" and Dug stopped bounding, frozen, like a statue, to stare searchingly into the distance. Carl nearly tripped over Dug. He scowled as he wagged his old cane at Dug. \"Dug, move!\" \"Oh, sorry, Ma-ster!\" Dug hurried, his furry bronze legs carrying him to the dock. \"My dad took me one time,\" Russell continued, as if Dug's naive antics hadn't happened. \"He and I sat on the edge of the dock, and didn't talk, for hours! It was kinda boring.\" \"Catch anything?\" Carl wondered. Russell shook his head. He trudged onward, the two fishing rods he'd towed along with him waving back and forth, making Carl nervous that he'd get bludgeoned in the head by an accidentally aimed unbaited hook. \"Nah. He had been saying he used to catch rainbow trout, and catfish, and bluegills. We never caught any of that stuff.\" He sounded a little defeated, a little worried that he and Carl wouldn't catch anything today. \"I'm sure we'll catch a whole string full today,\" Carl said optimistically. He knew there was no point in raising the poor kid's hopes, but it broke his heart a little to see Russell looking down. Russell said, \"Yeah, maybe.\" He looked up with a little skip to his step and said, \"I'll think I'll catch a ten-pounder today, Mr. Fredricksen!\" \"That's the spirit, Russell,\" Carl said with a rare smile. They came to the dock just in time to see Dug catch sight of some bathing duck and say, \"BIRD, BIRD, BIRD, I SHALL CATCH THE BIRD!\" and jump into the water. \"Dug, what are you doing?\" Russell called after him. \"Dug, get back here! Leave the thing alone!\" Carl said, waving around his cane to catch his dog's attention. Dug heard them, but he was intent on the unsuspecting, undeterred bird. He doggy-paddled for a few seconds before suddenly he realized that this exercise was not only soaking wet, but very tiring. He wanted to please his master by bring Master the bird, but he was also tired. So he listened to Master and swam back to shore. \"It is very wet and cold in this lake. I do not like being so wet and cold,\" Dug said. \"Yeah, stay out of there,\" Carl said. \"That's a good boy,\" Russell said encouragingly as Dug walked up alongside Master. Carl remembered the obvious that dogs did after swimming and quickly held his hands out. \"Wait, Dug, don't, don't!\" he commanded. But Dug never really listened to his master. He shook his mangy fur free of the water, which then coated the dock. And Russell. And Carl. Carl sighed. \"Dug . . .\" he groaned. \"I smell like dog now,\" Russell said. \"Yeah, and there's not much we can do about it now,\" Carl said irritably. He put down the folding chair he'd brought along down on the dock with extra force, put aside his cane, and then took off his thick jacket, which got the brunt of the doggy spray. \"I am sorry. I did not mean to cause great harm to Master. I am a very bad dog,\" Dug said, curling into himself. He looked at his frustrated master and the wet child with those big brown doe eyes and felt ashamed to himself. \"It's okay, Dug,\" Russell said cheerfully, \"I like dogs.\" \"Me too, to a certain extent. Not enough to want to smell like one,\" Carl said. He sat in his folding chair and Russell gave Dug an innocent shrug. \"What we got to work with, Russell?\" Carl wondered, turning to the boy. Grunting, the fat little boy heaved a large toolbox onto the folding chair's armrest. He opened it to reveal not hammers, screws, and nails but several different bobs, hooks varying in color and size, and different selections of bait. \"I packed this up according to the Wilderness Explorer's Handbook's guide,\" Russell said earnestly, pointing out the tiny little things that made it perfect. \"See, here's a tiny pair of scissors for severing fishing string, EXTRA fishing string, and LOOK!\" he shouted, making Carl cringe and touch his hearing aid to adjust it. \"I figured that since all we humans don't like the same foods, the fishes don't all like the same foods. So, here is peanut butter sandwich, fried chicken, noodle, worm (it took me forever to find some; some are split in half), and tuna!\" Russell looked eagerly at Carl for a reaction. Carl waited a beat before saying, \"Tuna.\" \"Yeah,\" Russell said excitedly. Carl sighed a little before relaying gently: \"Tuna's a kind of fish, Russell.\" A pause happened while this dawned on Russell. He went \"Oohhhh\" and then said, \"Okay, we still got the other bait foods.\" \"Sounds like a plan,\" Carl said soothingly. He leaned over and said, \"Well, which one should we use?\" Russell's baby face screwed up in concentration. Then he said, \"I say a worm.\" \"Sounds good. Using a worm when you fish is the traditional thing to do,\" Carl said. He cast a careful eye over Russell as his fat fingers grasped a worm and attempted to squash it onto the sharp blade of the hook. Carl felt a little worried; he didn't feel like explaining to Russell's mother a bleeding hole in her son's finger. He didn't need to worry. Russell looked up excitedly and said, \"The worm's on!\" Then without waiting a second for Carl to help him cast, he threw the string toward the water. And the rod along with it. The worm flew away from the hook and landed farther away. The rod and string immediately disappeared out of sight in the dark water. Carl and Russell stared stupidly after the far-flung fishing rod, and Russell said, \"Well, maybe I should've held on tighter, and not released it.\" Carl sighed and said loudly, leaning almost out of his chair, \"Dug!\" Dug stood up immediately, alert and focused. \"Yes, Master?!\" \"Fetch!\" Carl commanded, pointing to the spot where the fishing rod was last seen. \"FETCH!\" and Dug threw himself into the water and came up with the fishing rod. His drenched tail whipped back and forth across the water as he practically skipped to his master. Marred by the cumbersome water medium, his 'skipping' was simply 'dog-paddling.' Carl clapped his hands proudly as Dug came up along the bank. \"Atta boy, Dug. Atta boy. Ah! Ah! Ah!\" he said, waving a warning finger to Dug before he could wring himself out. \"Oh, I see, Master,\" Dug said. He trotted a few yards away and said, his voice muffled from the fishing rod in his mouth, \"Is right here far enough, Master?\" \"Keep going, Dug!\" Carl said, cupping his hands around his mouth to amplify his words. Russell, curious, tilted his head. He stood next to Carl, with his fat hands a little curled at his sides. A look of interest and childish naivety occupied his round face. Dug immediately obeyed his master; the tip of the fishing rod trod into the ground as Dug dragged it farther and farther away from the dock. He turned excitedly around, light on his paws, and said, \"How about now, Master?\" Carl squinted at his dog and shook his head as he looked at Russell. \"I can't understand what the hey he's saying,\" he said, his fat sausage fingers working automatically at adjusting his hearing aid. \"Dug! YELL LOUDER!\" Russell screamed at Dug. At the worst moment, as Carl was making headway with his hearing aid, allowing him to clearly hear every single word spoken around him. He roared and jumped a few feet in the air at the volume of Russell. \"Wow. That was a big jump, Mr. Fredricksen,\" Russell said, amazed. Carl groaned as he got everyone down to an indoor voice. He gave Russell a look as he cupped his hands 'round his mouth once more. \"You'd better hope I never do that again,\" he said quietly to Russell. \"Why not?\" Russell said as Carl opened his mouth to call. Carl stopped and said, sputtering, \"Because I don't want to have to endure that again, that's why.\" \"Okay. I suppose that's a perfectly valid reason,\" Russell said mildly, shrugging. Carl's mouth opened wide, like a guppy, and then closed, and he looked at Russell once more with a perplexed face as the boy watched Dug, who was hopping like a hyperactive child on the grassy bank. Carl rolled his eyes and then called to Dug. \"THAT'S NOT FAR ENOUGH.\" \"Oh, Master wants me to go farther. This I shall do for Master,\" Dug said determinedly to himself. He hopped, skipped, and leapt farther away, his legs flinging out from under him, his tail wagging with excitement, until he became a shrinking speck, disappearing out of sight. Carl squinted through his square black glasses and Russell said, \"Mr. Fredricksen, I don't need glasses, and even I can't see him.\" \"Eh,\" Carl grunted. \"Mr. Fredricksen, I think that's far enough,\" Russell said quietly. \"Yeah, yeah,\" Carl said to himself. He looked between him and his buddy and sighed; an old man and a fat eight-year-old weren't going to catch up to that dog anytime soon. He looked at the dock and waved his defeated hand to the remaining fishing rod. \"We only got one fishing rod left.\" He knelt to bait it and Russell pointed out the obvious. \"What about Dug?\" \"The dog will find his way back. He won't be able to hear us if we call him, though. You'd need some football stadium speakers to whisper in his ears,\" Carl said, smashing a bit of PB sandwich on the fishing rod's sharp hook. \"What if he gets lost?\" Russell asked worriedly. He brightened as he said, \"I have an idea, Mr. Fredricksen: you should get a pair of walkie talkies and duct tape one to Dug's collar, and then keep the other one for yourself. Then you guys can talk to each other whenever you want to. \" \"Yeah, one problem,\" Carl said as he stood up, holding the fishing rod straight. \"Usually he never leaves me. He's always causing me to trip over him; going to the bathroom without him is nearly impossible.\" \"Yeah, I guess so,\" Russell said, shrugging. He pointed to the fishing rod and said, \"Who gets the fishing rod?\" Carl sighed and said, holding it out, \"You do.\" \"Thanks!\" Russell said appreciatively. He held out his hands to receive the coveted rod when it was snatched from his fingers. \"But I get to cast it out,\" Carl said firmly, leaving no room for negotiation. \"Go ahead,\" Russell said, waving a hand to the water. He hid behind the fishing basket as Carl, with much grunting, ended up with a perfectly swooping cast string. He smiled to himself as the hook disappeared without a hitch into the calm waters. He turned and said, \"C'mere, Russell.\" Russell eagerly took the fishing rod, Carl saying, \"Now, just keep it tight but loose out there. Don't give 'em too much string, but don't keep it rigid. When you feel that pull, oh, we'll pull out a beaut.\" Carl rubbed his hands together in anticipation as he climbed into his seat. He sighed contentedly, closed eyes and arms settled on the armrests, until he heard a heavy breathing next to his ear. He turned 90 degrees and opened his eyes to the big, brown doe eyes of his faithful dog. \"AUGH!\" Carl said, scrambling away in surprise. The first few initial seconds of total panic passed and he, breathing hard enough to scare a doctor, said, \"Dug! You're back!\" \"Yes, Master, I am. I missed you,\" Dug said in simple reply. His tail wagged, happy, behind him. Carl mopped his face with his hand; this was a reason he never got out much: getting out meant exhaustion, surprises, and slobbery returned fishing rods. At least, he hoped there was a slobbery returned fishing rod to account for here. He looked at Dug's feet and picked it up, relieved. \"Here ya go, boy,\" he said, digging out a handful of peanut butter sandwich bits and throwing them in the air for his loyal dog to swallow up in a single gulp. After refreshing the hook with buttered carbs, Carl swung the line out, sat back in his seat, and relaxed. The soft, dirty smell of the banks carried through the air. The water sparkled like diamonds with the sun dancing on its surface. Some birds chased each other and were run off from the bait box by Dug, who was determined to protect his master's goods (and hopefully get a reward out of it). It was serene, terribly idyllic. So enjoyable for Carl that of course it couldn't last. The voice of Russell rang curious: \"So, what now?\" Carl remained unaffected by the ununderstanding words of the boy. He smiled calmly and looked on at the calming (yet adventurous, for him) scene before him, seemingly untouched. \"Mr. Fredricksen?\" Russell said, leaning toward him. \"What do we do now?\" \"We wait,\" Carl said quietly. \"For what?\" Russell said, a little confused. \"For the fish to bite. We can't rush it. That's the thing about fishing,\" Carl said, sounding philosophical, old, and sage-like. \"You can't do much about speeding it up. All you can do is sit back, relax, and wait. In silence,\" he tacked on at the end, in case Russell started off on a fragment of conversation that would led the fish away from them rather than lure them closer. \"Huh. So there's nothing we can do to make the fish, I dunno, hurry up?\" Russell wondered. \"Animals, I've learned, Russell, have a tendency to not swim quickly to their death,\" Carl said. He closed his eyes with a blissful smile framing his jaw. He kept a firm hold on the fishing rod, but otherwise not any other work was needed to fish. It was a simple sport. However, the quietness and lack of excitement of this particular sport didn't cause the same idea of contentment in Russell. He looked worriedly from the dozing Carl to Dug, who'd snuggled into a cute little sleeping position and slept, with little snores and intakes of breaths fluffing up his fur, and then deflating it once again. Russell, seeing no sign of either of them showing the slightest of life, sighed and turned back in his seat. He propped up his head on a fat fist and sighed, disappointed. How long had they been sitting like this? Goodness knew. He leaned forward, a sudden idea springing him forward. Russell, being a friend to all the animals of the Wilderness, was interested in the different species of fish, turtles, frogs, birds, and what have you around the pond. Russell gasped in excitement when he saw a few tadpoles darting around from his shadow. Little black squirts with barely any mass to call their own. He breathed out, amazed, \"Wow. Hi, baby frogs. I'm Russell, and I'm a Junior Wilderness Explorer. Don't be afraid of me; I am a friend of all the animals in the wilderness. You're awfully tiny, aren't you?\" He laughed when they wiggled, almost as if in response to his inquiry. \"Do you know any fishy friends who might come swimming around here? I'm fishing with Mr. Fredricksen, and I'd really like to catch a fish.\" It was a sharp contrast, Russell's 'love of all animals in the wilderness'; to talk with such vivacious tenderness to some of them and then viciously bait, hook, trap, and suffocate others. \"Russell,\" Carl muttered from his seat, his free hand twitching, \"stop talking to the fish.\" \"I wish I were talking to fish,\" Russell said, sighing as he sat back on the edge of the dock. His feet dangled and kicked back and forth in the empty air. His hands grew sweaty together 'round the fishing rod. He sighed and said, not liking no conversation, \"Do you fish here often, Mr. Fredricksen?\" \"No,\" Carl said. Russell waited an expectant minute, but the old man didn't mince words. Or care to elaborate. So the boy ventured. \"Did you ever fish here before?\" \"Yeah, a couple of times,\" Carl muttered. He opened his eyes slightly to the warming sun and said faintly, \"Ellie and I . . . well, we used to have adventures up on this mountain, by that hill\"—he didn't mention which hill of the many hills behind him, but he knew the one distinctly, with its big green-leaved tree and slopes perfect for a lying down and staring at the baby blue sky with white fluffy clouds, a paradise destination for a picnic. He and Ellie—well, they knew it well—\"on this dock. Did—did you know\"—Carl chuckled to himself as he remembered his fiery, bright Ellie—\"that once Ellie caught a fish longer than her?\" \"Wowwwww. How big?\" Russell said, enamored. \"Oh, long, real long,\" Carl said. He edged off his resting chair, leaving the fishing rod alone next to his armrest. Sure, he could keep an eye on it. He looked really like a grandfather ready to relay a passed-down, legendary story riddled with surprises, mysteries, and sometimes more myths than truths. \"Ellie was a pretty little spit-fire, only 'bout five-foot-two. We came to this dock at the break of dawn, and she hauled out this six-footer, all by herself!\" Russell's eyes were all aglow with admiration and amazement. Carl chuckled at the wonder on the boy's face. \"She gutted and sliced the entire thing up all by herself. We ate fried fish for a week.\" He sighed contentedly, feeling okay for once looking back on those happy memories of him and Ellie. Russell said, after a moment, with quiet admiration, \"I wish I coulda met Ellie. She sounds real nice, and adventurous, and funny, and fearless.\" Carl, surprised, didn't say much. Too emotion choked his voice, and like he wanted to show that to the kid. He mustered out a murmured, \"She was all that and more.\" Tears misted over the old man's eyes, and he was so caught up in the past that he barely noticed what was happening in the present, such as his fishing rod thumping and jumping against the holed wooden boards of the dock, a skip away from being tugged into the lake. \"Um, Mr. Fredricksen?\" Russell asked worriedly. No answer, but he continued nervously, pointing at the animated inanimate object. \"Your fishing rod is alive.\" \"Eh, what?\" Carl grunted, coming back to life. Russell, on his feet, pointed frantically to the fishing rod. \"Mr. Fredrickseeeeennnn!\" he said. Carl leapt to his feet and grabbed the fishing rod. It trembled and shook in his hands, and he dug his heels into the dock as the pull of the fishing rod dragged him to the edge of it. Russell grabbed hold of Carl's waste and grunted fiercely as he pulled with all his might, in earnest to not only bring that fish to shore, but also to keep Carl from flying into the dirty water. \"C'mon! C'mon!\" Carl said. \"You—can do it,—Mr. Fredricksen!\" Russell grunted encouragingly. His heels caught a hold on the dock and he groaned, his eyes closed, as he dug into it. Speaking of Dug, the dog burst into life and action when he heard the noise and saw the state of his master. \"Master is in trouble; I will save him!\" Dug said determinedly to himself. He ran up and gently but firmly bit the yellow fabric of Russell's Wilderness Explorer uniform, and he dragged back the two precarious humans, adding extra weight and mass to the fish's pull. The combination of the efforts of the three of them won out over the fish, and the blue-and-grey flippin' fish flew out of the lake. Carl laughed triumphantly as he reeled in the fish, his hand busy spinning the reel. The line decreased, the pull lessened immediately, and Dug and Russell grunted and groaned as they fell onto the dock. Carl chuckled to himself as the silvery fish flopped and then slowly stopped right in front of his face. He stepped back and squatted next to Russell, whose face had exploded with excitement, a look of awe taking over it. \"Look what we caught, Russell!\" the old man beamed proudly. \"Wow. It's so shiny,\" Russell said. He cocked his head and wondered aloud: \"Is it dead yet?\" \"Give it a minute or two,\" Carl reassured. Russell opened up the white-and-dark-blue cooler he'd brought, and watched with applauding eyes as Carl neatly withdrew the fish's mouth from the hook and laid its body on a bed of crushed ice. \"That'll keep it fresh,\" Carl said, tucking the cooler's lid into place. He patted the lid with an endearing THUMP! and then looked around for Russell. No boy was 'round the cooler. \"Russell?\" he wondered. He turned around to see the boy craning and urging the line forward. His own fishing rod bent to the point of almost breaking under the weight of another fish's pull. \"Whoa! Russell!\" Carl said, coming alongside the boy, ready at hand to help at any second. He was as jumpy as a young schoolboy. \"What do you need me to do? Need help?\" \"I—think—I got it,—Mr. Fredricksen,\" Russell said, breathing hard. He took minuscule steps back, beads of perspiration growing on his forehead. Dug and Carl surrounded him, ready and eager. \"Ohhh, this is gonna be a big one, Russell!\" Carl said, pumping his fists by his sides, silently urging the boy on. \"You can do it! You can do it!\" Russell reeled and he relaxed to give the fishing rod slack (all would be for naught if the fishing rod snapped mid-retrieval), and he pulled with all his strength. It was his sure determination that brought that GIHUGIC fish to the dock. With nothing but honest, eager clapping encouragement from Carl and the bounding leaps of Dug, Russell brought that humongous fish ashore. Carl's eyes grew wide behind his glasses as he took in the four-footer monstrosity that Russell'd pulled in. \"IT'S A SEA MONSTER!\" he said, shocked. \"IT'S SO BIG!\" Russell gasped, falling back onto his butt. He was covered with water and fish slime as his fingers ran over the fish's gills. He looked up with this childlike wonder in his eyes at Carl, and he said, \"I did it.\" \"You're a Junior Wilderness Explorer if ever I saw one,\" Carl said proudly. He went into the fishing basket and pulled out an article Russell had packed. A black camera with the strap 'round the old man's neck, he faced the boy, who hurried to hold up the line. \"Let's get a picture of that monster, Russell,\" Carl said excitedly. Sweaty, messy, and smiling with such pride that he looked like he'd conquered the world, the boy held up the fish that was as long as him. Dug sat back on his hindquarters and WHACKED his tail against the dock on the other side of Russell, a wide smile spanning his entire face. \"Would Ellie be proud of me, Mr. Fredricksen?\" Russell wondered as Carl fumbled with the camera's controls. Carl looked up and smiled warmly at the boy. \"Very proud, Russell,\" he said kindly. No one could deny the genuine happiness of Russell's smile in that picture Carl snapped of him, his dog, and the boy's prized fish. Thanks for reading! ","Summary":" Soli Deo gloria DISCLAIMER: I do NOT own Up. Here's a little fic of Carl and Russell bonding some. "},{"Movie":"Up","Title":"Good Dog","Author":"BillCipher12","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11439459","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Leave me alone!\" Omega. For dogs, that means you can't go lower than that. It means sometimes, you're bullied about it. And what makes it worse is that you're a white German Shepherd. I would know, I am Omega. The dogs in Spirit of Adventure seemed like nice dogs until I told them I was an Omega. Then, there was Alpha. He told the dogs to stop.\"You know I could have handled that on my own. But, thanks anyway. I'm-\"\"What?\"\"I'm not going to tell you my name. Those dogs were bullying me about it, why would you be any different?\"\"I stopped them, didn't I?\"\"Fine, if you promise you won't make fun of it, my name is Omega.\" I waited for him to laugh at it, but he didn't.\"Not like being called Alpha is any better.\"\"What do you mean?\"\"When you're an Alpha, everyone expects you to lead them. They expect you to be the best at it.\"\"That seems tough for you. When you're an Omega, nobody seems to like you, no one respects who you are. They all expect you to act how the Alpha tells you.\"\"You have it much worse than any dog I know.\"\"Yeah, it's the worst. Well, it was nice talking to you, Alpha. Goodnight.\" They both went to sleep, but had a hard time staying like that. Alpha couldn't stop thinking about Omega, Omega couldn't stop thinking about Alpha. They did eventually sleep, but were very tired the next day. ","Summary":" \"Leave me alone!\" Omega. For dogs, that means you can't go lower than that. It means sometimes, y"},{"Movie":"Diary of a Wimpy Kid","Title":"Les tribulations de Rodrick","Author":"lasurvolte","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11863573","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Titre : Les tribulations de Rodrick Autatrice : lasurvolte (de pseudo) ou mari (mais vous pouvez m'appelez aussi Plectrude si ça vous dit ^^) Disclaimer : Pas à moi. Prompt : Il y a des moments où il faut savoir prendre des risques, faire des choses folles. Chapitre 1 : C'était peut-être bien ça qu'on appelait le destin. Il avait atteint le sommet, non en fait, c'était mieux que ça. Il avait atteint les étoiles. Il était adulé par un tas de fans qui ne demandaient qu'à se prosterner devant lui. Il en ricanait à voix haute, c'était plus fort que lui. C'était pas seulement les fans, c'était s'éclater en faisant le meilleur concert du monde. Sortir de scène en sueur après avoir tapé comme un fou sur sa batterie pendant plus d'une heure. Entendre les cris et applaudissement des gens, que lui et son groupe avaient réussi à rendre fous, heureux. Franchement, c'était le pied, il savait qu'il y arriverait un jour, que ça finirait comme ça. Alors ouais, il pouvait bien se permettre de rire… - Monsieur Heffley, si mon cours ne vous intéresse pas, je me demande pourquoi vous prenez la peine de venir. Rodrick ouvrit les yeux, il ne dormait pas vraiment non – sinon le prof n'aurait jamais réussi à le réveiller – il avait juste fermé les yeux cinq minutes et avait oublié où il était. Bien sûr que le prof était mécontent de l'entendre rire tout seul pendant son cours, mais fallait le comprendre aussi. Son cours, Rodrick s'en foutait à peu près autant que la guerre de sécession (contrairement à son père), être là c'était chiant, lui ce qu'il voulait vraiment, c'était être une star ! Pas un minable étudiant. - Vous avez raison m'sieur, moi aussi je me demande. Du coup il prit ses affaires, se leva et quitta le cours sous les yeux exaspérés du prof. xxx Rodrick ne se souvenait pas comment ses parents avaient pu le convaincre à s'inscrire à la fac après le lycée. Ils avaient dû être vachement convaincant parce que Rodrick n'entretenait que des regrets à ce sujet. Sa mère lui avait proposé de l'argent ou quoi ? Peut-être que son père l'avait menacé de l'emmener avec lui à son boulot, pour jouer le secrétaire ou pire encore le gars qui nettoie les chiottes. Ou bien ils avaient insisté sur le fait que batteur ce n'était pas un taff, qu'il allait devoir en trouver un vrai, que la fac allait lui ouvrir les portes. Mais Rodrick ne voulait pas faire autre chose que batteur dans un groupe, sinon la vie ne valait pas le coup, tout simplement. Le rock c'était ce qu'il y avait de plus vrai, la fac c'était l'angoisse totale. Son groupe s'était séparé à la fin du lycée. Ses potes étaient devenus bizarres, comme s'ils étaient passés d'un coup de l'adolescence à une vieille personne qui a trop vécu « c'est bien de rêver Rodrick, mais on peut pas faire que ça » . Rodrick avait cligné des yeux sans comprendre, faut croire que la voix de la sagesse ne pouvait pas l'atteindre. N'empêche qu'il était quand même allé à la fac après les supplications insensées de ses parents. Il avait fini par dire oui, il avait fini par accepter, signant par là un pacte avec le diable en personne. Sacrifie tes rêves au profit d'un job bien payé, d'une vie bien rangée, c'est ça le bonheur. Mon cul. Ca c'était les paroles de ceux qui avaient abandonné leurs rêves et qui avaient peur que d'autres soient moins lâches qu'eux. Rodrick avait cédé, il était à la fac, bien, mais il n'abandonnerait pas, plutôt crever. Rodrick savait qu'il y avait des moments où il fallait prendre des risques, faire des choses folles. Du moins qui paraissait folles pour les autres. Rodrick avait affiché un peu partout qu'il cherchait des musiciens et un chanteur pour monter un groupe. Il avait précisé qu'il était batteur. Il avait donné son numéro de téléphone, et même où le trouver (avec un plan où était sa chambre universitaire). Les Löded Diper ne mourraient pas, hors de question. Un jour on se battrait pour les voir, on s'arracherait leur cd, les gens pirateraient leurs musiques, ou passeraient leurs clips en boucles sur youtube. Rodrick n'aurait pas le temps d'étudier parce qu'il serait toujours en tourné, sur la route, sur scène. C'était comme ça que ça se passerait. xxx Rodrick avait donc quitté le cours, en avait profité pour coller d'autres affiches un peu partout dans la fac, et ensuite il était rentré dans sa piaule. Il la partageait en colloc avec un gars super génial. Un mec vachement tranquille, avec des cheveux hyper longs qu'il ne lavait pas souvent, l'air toujours zen, la sagesse incarnée. Il avait collé partout des affiches d'amour, de paix, et avait décrété que les poster de groupes rock de Rodrick étaient vachement cool. Il se faisait peut-être sauter les neurones avec des joints, mais ça ne gênait pas Rodrick, tant que le gars était sympa et aimait le rock, c'était un gars bien. Lui-même avait refusé d'en fumer, sans doute parce qu'il était encore un garçon trop bien éduqué par des parents qui lui avaient foutus la trouille en montrant les dégâts de la drogue sur la jeunesse, les rêves et la vie en général. Ce serait con de finir dans le caniveau avant d'avoir atteint les étoiles. Rodrick jeta son sac sur son bureau plus qu'il ne le posa et se laissa tomber sur son lit. Le problème c'était qu'il ne pouvait jouer de la batterie que les week-ends en rentrant à la maison, et bordel ça lui manquait. Il avait ses baguettes avec lui et avait remplacé sa batterie par tout ce qui lui tombait sous la main. Tapant sa chaise, son bureau, les murs, son lit, sa penderie. Dans la cuisine commune, il faisait de la musique sur le frigo, les casseroles, la vaisselle, tout ce qu'il trouvait, même sous la douche il pouvait se laisser aller. Les réactions des gens étaient diverses et variés, « Putain Rodrick arrête ça où je te casse la gueule » « vas-y gars passe moi tes baguettes que je me teste » « tu t'arrêtes jamais ? » « Rodrick arrête de taper sur les murs j'essaie de dormir bordel de merde qui m'a foutu un voisin pareil » . Bon d'accord, la plupart avait surtout envie de lui refaire le portrait, sauf son colloc qui faisait des petits signes avec ses doigts en suivant le rythme de Rodrick avec un sourire « sympaaaaaaa mec » . Rodrick attrapa ses baguettes et commença à taper en rythme sur le bois de son lit, ça c'était mieux que devoir écouter un prof déblatérer. Beaucoup beaucoup mieux. Il était tout seul dans la chambre, son colloc était sans doute… Hm quelque part. Et la résidence était quasi vide, tout le monde avait un truc à faire, aller en cours, sortir, étudier. Il se demandait si quelqu'un répondrait bientôt à son annonce, ça faisait quand même deux mois qu'il collait des affiches et que personne ne répondait, qu'est ce que les gens attendaient ? Il tapa un rythme de fou d'un coup, pour passer sa frustration et n'entendit pas tout de suite que quelqu'un frappait à sa porte, qu'il avait laissé ouverte. Il finit par réagir en entendant quelqu'un tousser. Il se retourna et se leva. - Eh ! Salut ! Le gars lui tendit l'affiche qu'il tenait dans sa main. - Je viens pour l'annonce. - Génial mec, ça c'est une bonne idée, tu sais faire quoi ? Mais le mec ne répondit pas, il fixait Rodrick bizarrement. Si bien que Rodrick failli lui dire que c'était une annonce pour monter un groupe, pas pour des faveurs sexuelles. Y avait vraiment des gens carrément tordus dans ce monde. Mais il n'eut pas le temps d'ouvrir la bouche, que l'autre reprit la parole. - Rodrick ? C'est toi ? Bien sûr que c'est toi, t'as vraiment pas changé du tout. Rodrick leva un sourcil, chercha dans tout son répertoire de connaissance où il avait déjà pu rencontrer ce type. Un grand type, plus grand que lui, avec des cheveux courts bruns et des lunettes carrés. Des yeux bleus. Un tee-shirt vraiment cool d'un groupe de rock vraiment cool, un jean. Rodrick ne voyait pas mais cette personne était sûrement géniale. - On se connaît ? - Tu m'étonnes qu'on se connait, c'est moi. Manu. Rodrick ouvrit la bouche en grand, bordel. Manu. Manu était un gars que Rodrick avait rencontré au collège, ils étaient dans la même école, et avait formé un groupe ensemble. Malheureusement Manu avait dû déménager, et ils avaient été séparés. (1) Ca faisait des plombes qu'ils avaient perdus le contact, quelque part entre le lycée et la fac, ils avaient arrêté de s'écrire et de s'appeler, plus le temps, trop de distance, un truc comme ça. Rodrick ne l'avait pas oublié mais il l'avait simplement relégué aux gens cools du passé qu'il ne reverrait sans doute plus jamais, mais tant pis parce qu'il en rencontrerait d'autres. - La vache Manu, t'a carrément … Grandi. - Ou c'est toi qui as rapetissé. Rodrick rit et lui donna un petit coup de poing dans le coude. - Qu'est ce que tu fous là mon vieux ? - Je viens pour l'annonce bien sûr, c'est bien toi qui l'a mise non ? - Oui carrément, alors tu veux faire partie du groupe hein ? Chanteur ? - Ouais, j'ai aussi appris à jouer de la basse. Les yeux de Rodrick s'illuminèrent et il attrapa les bras de Manu en rigolant bêtement. - C'est clair à partir de maintenant t'es mon meilleur ami. - Je me demande comment va le prendre ton ancien meilleur ami, plaisanta Manu. Rodrick souffla avec sa bouche, en levant les yeux au ciel et fit un signe de la main comme s'il balayait « l'ancien » meilleur ami. - T'inquiètes donc pas pour lui. Bon viens rentre, reste pas là dans l'entrée comme un idiot ! Rodrick passa derrière lui et le poussa jusqu'à son lit pour que Manu s'asseoit. Lui-même se mit à l'envers sur sa chaise à roulette. Ils avaient genre un million de trucs à se raconter. Manu expliqua qu'après le lycée il avait eut envie d'aller à la fac. - T'es complètement dingue mon pote, t'as pas changé là-dessus. Manu lui sourit. Il s'était donc inscrit. Il ne savait pas que Rodrick était dans la même fac, sinon il serait venu le voir, bien sûr. Pareil pour Rodrick. Puis Manu était tombé sur les affiches. « Cherche a cré 1 groupe de ROCK, parce que le ROCK sait trop bien ! Je suis batteur, je cherche bassiste, guitariste, chanteur(se). Fille carrément accepter. » - Ton orthographe est pas terrible franchement, faudra revoir ça si on veut trouver d'autres membres. Rodrick grimaça. Manu ajouta qu'aussitôt après être tombé sur l'affiche, il avait voulu voir la tronche du type qui écrivait si mal pour voir si c'était sérieux, et puis la suite Rodrick la connaissait. - T'sais quoi mec, c'est le destin, on était tout simplement fait pour jouer ensemble. Manu hocha la tête. - C'est bien possible. Et ils n'avaient peut-être pas torts, après tout, si Rodrick n'avait pas quitté son cours, ils se seraient peut-être loupés. Sauf que le prof avait réveillé Rodrick de ses rêves, que celui-ci s'était barré et était rentré à la résidence. Il s'était trouvé là au moment où Manu était venu le voir. N'était-ce pas ce qu'on appelait le destin ? xxx L'amitié entre Rodrick et Manu s'installa comme si elle n'était jamais partie. Ils se parlèrent comme s'ils n'avaient jamais perdu contact, comme si c'était la veille qu'ils étaient en concert ensemble pour le spectacle de fin d'année du collège. Tout en écoutant des tubes de rock, Manu avait aidé Rodrick a faire des affiches plus sérieuses afin d'attirer des gens. Et entre les cours ils se retrouvaient dans la chambre de Rodrick pour discuter. Manu n'était pas en résidence, il habitait un petit appartement pas loin de la fac, c'était donc plus simple de directement rejoindre Rodrick dans sa piaule. Si Rodrick n'était pas là, Manu s'installait avec un bouquin ou des cours à réviser et l'attendait. Son ami lui avait tout de suite donné un double des clés. Contrairement à Rodrick, Manu n'aimait pas tellement le colloc, il le trouvait bizarre et complètement défoncé, mais il le tolérait comme on accepte la présence d'une bestiole moche sur notre plafond, par flemme de la chasser. De toute façon ce n'était pas sa chambre. Et puis Manu était amusé par Rodrick, ce dernier n'avait tellement pas changé. Il était toujours aussi nul pour jauger les gens, il suffisait qu'on lui dise que le rock c'était génial et pour Rodrick tu devenais le meilleur, le plus cool et le plus sympa. Forcément. Quand lui et Manu se retrouvaient, ils refaisaient le monde ensemble. Rodrick lui avait demandé de chanter et Manu s'était exécuté, avec timidité. C'était bizarre d'avoir moins peur de chanter devant une salle comble, que devant une seule personne. Mais il ne voulait pas décevoir Rodrick. - Tu feras un super chanteur. Je vois ça d'ici. Manu le chanteur bassiste ! Ca sonne trop bien ! - Rodrick le batteur, c'est pas mal non plus. Rodrick avait gloussé. - Non mais c'est mieux que pas mal, c'est de la bombe nucléaire. Ils s'y voyaient déjà, Rodrick était tellement convainquant, il ne manquait pas d'imagination et d'enthousiasme, Rodrick était à fond dans ce qu'il vivait, et franchement ça donnait juste envie de le suivre au bout du monde. xxx Le problème c'était pour les entraînements, la batterie de Rodrick était chez ses parents, et ça gueulait dès que Manu jouait de la basse dans la résidence. Pareil s'il allait jouer dans son appartement d'ailleurs, les voisins adoraient le silence, et semblaient détester le rock. Il fallait trouver un moyen de régler ça, et Rodrick invita Manu à passer un week-end chez ses parents pour y réfléchir, et également pour jouer ensemble. Greg, son premier petit frère, était désormais au lycée. Ses relations avec Rodrick s'étaient pas mal améliorés avec le temps, peut-être parce qu'ils avaient tous les deux grandi, peut-être parce qu'ils avaient plus de points communs qu'ils ne le pensaient. Ca n'empêchait pas Rodrick d'enquiquiner Greg, les bonnes choses ne se perdaient jamais. Manny son deuxième petit frère, avait grandi lui aussi, évidemment, et il restait le chouchou des parents, celui à qui on ne pouvait rien dire même quand il faisait n'importe quoi, peu importe l'âge qu'il avait. Greg était toujours puni à cause de lui. Il aimait bien se plaindre là-dessus : - Maintenant que j'ai pu Rodrick dans les pattes, c'est Manny qui m'embête. Ce que Rodrick savait, c'était surtout que Greg aimait bien se plaindre et râler, se poser en victime, parce que finalement il était pas le dernier à enquiquiner Manny – en même temps avec Rodrick, Greg avait tout appris sur les règles du grand frère qui embête le petit. Quand ils arrivèrent à la maison, Greg était justement entrain de râler, c'était pas juste d'être privé de jeu vidéo alors que c'était Manny qui avait cassé le vase de mamy. - Salut p'tite tête, fit Rodrick l'empêchant de s'expliquer en l'attrapant pour frotter son crâne avec son poing. - Aaaah Rodrick lâche moi ! Manny rit et couru vers Rodrick. Bizarrement, Manny et Rodrick s'entendaient hyper bien. Peut-être parce que pour Manny, Rodrick était le très grand frère hyper cool et qu'il l'avait toujours vu immense. Peut-être parce que pour Rodrick, Manny n'était qu'un morveux mais sacrément malin. En tout cas, il y avait une très bonne entente entre eux et Rodrick souleva Manny du sol pour lui faire faire l'avion à toute vitesse. Greg fit la tronche, il devait être un peu jaloux, Rodrick aurait jamais fais un truc pareil pour lui. - Rodriiiiiick j'ai envie de vomir. Rodrick reposa immédiatement Manny, qui tituba jusqu'à Greg pour lui vomir sur les chaussures. Ce qui fit marrer Rodrick aux éclats. Puis il salua ses parents, et enfin, il présenta Manu. Qui était là depuis le début, mais qui était resté silencieux, ne sachant pas comment se présenter. Greg était entrain de hurler après ses chaussures qu'il allait devoir nettoyer, pendant que Manny courrait se brosser les dents. - Eh m'man, p'pa, j'ai invité Manu pour le week-end. - Un ami de la fac ? - Mieux que ça maman ! Un membre de mon nouveau groupe ! Tu te souviens pas de lui ? Manu, on était ensemble au collège. Susan et Frank durent réfléchir avant de se rappeler : - Le petit qui chantait comme un môme de la chorale ? - Lui-même ! Sourit Rodrick. Les parents de Rodrick vinrent lui serrer la main. Autant dire que « le petit » avait carrément bien grandi. Manu leur sourit et leur dit bonjour hyper poliment. Puis Rodrick attrapa son bras pour l'emmener dans le garage, il voulait jouer de la musique. Maintenant. Manu avait sa basse sur le dos et le suivit sans problème. Il allait manquer le guitariste, mais pour le moment Rodrick s'en moquait, ils n'avaient qu'à faire de l'impro, jouer n'importe quoi, et faire le plus de bruits possible. L'idée ne déplu pas à Manu, et vingt minutes plus tard le père de Rodrick venait leur donner vingt dollars chacun pour qu'ils arrêtent. Ils prirent l'argent et montèrent dans la chambre de Rodrick. La chambre de Rodrick était pleine de posters de groupes qu'il aimait, de guirlandes de lumières, de lampes à la forme marrantes et qui étaient de toutes les couleurs. Il y avait deux vieux sièges défoncés hyper confortables et un grand lit au milieu. Elle se trouvait dans les combles et Rodrick l'adorait, elle était à son image. Coloré, rock, lumineuse, et en bordel. Il s'assit dans un des sièges, super à l'aise et Manu posa ses fesses sur son lit. - Je propose qu'on aille rejouer d'ici une demi-heure. Lâcha Rodrick. - Tu es sûr ? Ton père nous a payé pour qu'on arrête. - Pour qu'on arrête sur le coup, il n'a pas précisé pendant combien de temps. Manu lui sourit avec amusement. Evidemment vu comme ça. - Le but de la manœuvre c'est d'épuiser mes parents, jusqu'à ce qu'ils nous louent une pièce à côté de la fac pour faire de la musique. - Ce n'est pas une mauvaise idée. Je pourrais demander un peu d'argent à mes parents aussi de mon côté. - Génial ! De cette manière on pourra jouer quand on veut. Manu hocha la tête. Rodrick fit tourner une de ses baguettes dans les mains tout en discutant avec lui d'un autre sujet. Lui et Manu aimaient pleins de choses en commun, alors il leur était facile de parler sans se rendre compte que le temps passait, et finalement ils retournèrent jouer de la musique, non pas une demi-heure plus tard, mais deux heures plus tard, parce qu'ils n'avaient pas vu le temps passer. Une nouvelle fois ils firent un boucan de tous les diables. Et comme prévu, les parents discutèrent avec Rodrick et Manu pour qu'ils puissent jouer dans un endroit où ils ne dérangeraient personne. - Bien sûr, nous voulons bien te louer une pièce pour vous, mais Rodrick tu dois prouver que tu le mérites, expliqua sa mère, je veux que tu ais de meilleures notes à la fac. Rodrick grimaça, évidemment, les parents toujours les mêmes, toujours à penser à ces fichus notes, ces fichus cours. Ils ne comprenaient jamais rien, mais Rodrick n'avait pas vraiment le choix. Il tourna ses yeux vers Manu l'air de lui demander son aide, et celui-ci acquiesça : - Je t'aiderai à réviser. - Tu gères Manu ! xxx Le samedi soir, Rodrick sortit avec ses deux frères et Manu. C'était une autre condition de ses parents « sois cool avec Greg, on le sent déprimé ces derniers temps » , tu parles, il n'était pas déprimé, il faisait semblant pour que les parents soient plus cool quand il ramenait des mauvaises notes. C'était un malin le Greg quand il le voulait. Rodrick se rapprocha autour de son frère : - Toujours avec ta copine alors ? La blondinette ? - Elle s'appelle Holly. Et oui on est toujours ensemble. - Alors pas de raison de déprimer n'est ce pas ? - Aucune raison. Rodrick lui donna un coup de coude. Manny tenait la main de Rodrick : - Et toi Rodrick t'as une amoureuse à l'école ? Demanda le petit. - Non pas encore. Mais ce ne sont pas les filles qui manquent. Manu marchait à côté d'eux, les mains dans les poches et Rodrick vint passer son bras autour de ses épaules : - Et toi Manu ? Une femme ? Manu haussa les épaules. - Entre les cours et la musique, pas vraiment le temps de sortir. Répondit-il philosophiquement. - Woh woh, la musique c'est la vie je suis bien d'accord, mais ça fait pas de mal de parler à des filles de temps à autres. - Tu es sorti avec une fille dernièrement ? L'interrogea Manu. - Non, mais ça devrait pas tarder. Greg ricana : - Tu dis ça Rodrick, n'empêche que t'as couru après Heather pendant plus d'un an et demi. Pour que dalle. - Argh la ferme sale morveux, mauvais souvenir, mauvais souvenir. Je capte pas, j'ai même chanté une chanson de ce débile de Bieber pour elle. Les filles sont trop compliquées. Mais quand même, je suis sûr que bientôt je serai plus célibataire. - Moi j'ai une amoureuse, lança Manny. - Pas possible ? Toi ? Mais t'es qu'un mioche. - Je suis pas un mioche, et j'ai une amoureuse. Rodrick paru choqué et relâcha Manu : - Je suis le seul encore célibataire dans la famille ? Sérieusement ? Manny et Greg hochèrent la tête et Rodrick leur aurait bien lancé un truc gluant à la figure pour effacer leur sourire. - Bien, ma prochaine mission, en plus de faire parti du meilleur groupe de rock interplanétaire, c'est de me trouver une copine. Une cool bien sûr. Ils arrivèrent au cinéma, et firent passer Manny par l'arrière, car le film était interdit au moins de 12 ans. Un film d'horreur un peu sanglant, rien de grave. Puis comme ça ils économisaient le prix d'une place. Evidemment Manny eut la trouille de sa vie, fut à deux doigts de se pisser dessus, et Greg se moqua de lui pendant au moins dix minutes à la sortie du cinéma (il avait déjà pleins d'idées derrière la tête pour foutre la trouille à Manny prochainement). Rodrick avait l'impression de se voir lui-même avec Greg il y a quelques temps, si bien qu'il cru devoir venir en aide à Manny. Et il glissa un vers en plastique (allez savoir pourquoi il avait ça dans sa poche) dans le sweet de Greg, qui hurla. Rodrick éclata de rire, Manny aussi. Même Manu eut un sourire. Greg ronchonna, attrapa le vers, puis finit par rire lui aussi. Il garda le vers dans sa poche. Il en trouverait bien une utilisation – comme le mettre dans la chaussure de Rodrick le lendemain matin. xxx Le week-end fut plutôt sympa, mais Rodrick devait faire ses preuves pour que ses parents acceptent de louer une salle pour faire de la musique. C'était pour cette raison que dès le lundi, il accepta que Manu essaie de l'aider pour ses cours. Ils s'installèrent dans la chambre de Rodrick. Le colloc n'était pas là, ça arrangeait Manu. Rodrick et Manu n'avaient pas les mêmes cours, mais Manu était assez intelligent et il lui suffit de lire les cours de Rodrick pour savoir de quoi ils s'agissaient. Il l'aida dans ses révisions, et autant dire que ce ne fut pas hyper simple. Rodrick manquait de concentration, et s'il était loin d'être con, quand ça ne l'intéressait pas, il avait du mal à retenir. Ca faisait au moins la soixante-douzième fois que Manu essayait de lui expliquer un truc, mais toutes les dix secondes, Rodrick faisait autre chose. Il tapait sur le bois de son lit avec ses baguettes en marmonnant un truc, essayant d'inventer des paroles pour une chanson. Ou bien il coupait Manu et lui demandait s'il avait faim, soif, envie de sortir ? « Et si on allait faire un tour ? » . Il se levait avec une envie subite de passer un coup de balais alors qu'il détestait faire le ménage. Il regardait son portable pour voir s'il avait reçu un message sur twitter. Manu finit par perdre patience : - Tu veux que tes parents te louent une pièce oui ou non ? - Bien sûr que oui. - Alors si c'est le cas, maintenant tu m'écoutes et tu retiens ce que je te dis. Sinon je te plante ici, tu te débrouilles et tu peux dire adieu à la musique. Rodrick resta cloué un moment sur son lit, puis soupira. - T'as raison Manu. Allons-y. Et il se montra obéissant et écouta Manu. Apprit ses leçons, compris ce que les profs essayaient tant bien que mal à lui enseigner. C'était le prix, s'il voulait réaliser son rêve. Les notes de Rodrick remontèrent, ses parents furent satisfaits, avec l'aide des parents de Manu ils louèrent au garçon une salle où ils pourraient aller faire autant de boucan qu'ils le désiraient. Rodrick y déménagea sa batterie et aussitôt lui et Manu jouèrent toute la nuit, et comme deux idiots s'endormirent en vrac sur le sol au cours d'une pause où ils discutaient. Rodrick était le genre à dormir n'importe où, dans n'importe quelle position, et n'importe quel bruit ne l'aurait pas réveillé. Manu dormit moins bien que lui, ce fut peut-être pour ça qu'au cours de la nuit, à la recherche d'un oreiller pour sa tête, il ne trouva rien de mieux que l'épaule de Rodrick. Comme c'était beaucoup mieux, il put se rendormir tranquillement. xxx Moins d'une semaine plus tard, le destin prit un nouveau tournant et une fille entra dans la chambre de Rodrick alors que lui et Manu étaient entrain d'essayer d'écrire une chanson. - Non « Perroquet » n'est pas une bonne rime pour « Monnaie », et puis ça ne veut rien dire « j'emmerde la monnaie et j'aime pas les perroquets ». - Bah moi j'aime pas les perroquets, ronchonnait Rodrick. - Le problème n'est pas que tu aimes ou non les perroquets, cette chanson ne veut rien dire. - Si ça signifie que j'aime pas les perroquets et que j'emmerde la monnaie. - Merci pour ces explications Rodrick. Sourit Manu. Mais on ne peut pas dire ça dans une chanson. - Comme tu veux, c'est toi qui chantes, c'est toi qui décides. Puis il donna un gentil coup de coude à Manu et ils barrèrent les deux seules phrases qu'ils avaient réussi à écrire jusqu'à maintenant. - Et si vous écriviez plutôt « J'emmerde la société de consommation, faudrait pas nous prendre pour des cons » ? Manu et Rodrick levèrent la tête pour regarder la fille qui se tenait avec un air ironique contre la porte, les bras croisés. Elle avait des cheveux blonds et des mèches roses dans les cheveux, du eyeliner entourait ses yeux verts, elle avait les ongles peints en noirs, des bracelets avec des piques tellement pointus qu'elle aurait pu éborgner un passant, et portait un tee-shirt de Nirvana. C'était la nana la plus méga classe que Rodrick n'avait jamais vue de toute sa vie. - Génial, dit-il en écrivant les paroles qu'elle avait proposé en faisant pleins de fautes. Au fait t'es qui ? - Lola, c'est par ici pour jouer de la musique ? - Oui c'est par ici. - Je suis guitariste. Votre groupe là ça m'intéresse. Rodrick lui fit son plus beau sourire : - Alors dans ce cas bienvenue. Moi c'est Rodrick et lui c'est Manu. Je suis le batteur, c'est le bassiste-chanteur. - Super. Dit-elle. Apparemment vous avez aussi besoin d'aide pour écrire vos chansons. Manu hocha la tête : - Peut-être un peu. - Bien. Faites moi une place, je vais voir ce que je peux faire pour vos petites têtes vides. Manu et Rodrick se décalèrent et elle s'assit entre eux. - Je préviens, pas question de caser de perroquet dans les chansons. - Comme tu veux. De toute façon j'aime pas les perroquets. Accepta Rodrick. Elle haussa les épaules. Manu lui proposa un chewing gum qu'elle accepta, et en moins d'une heure, ils devinrent tous les trois quelque chose comme « les meilleurs amis du monde » . Avec leur première chanson entre les mains. A suivre. (1) là il faut allez lire mon autre fic « le Rock, les filles, la vie » pour en savoir plus sur Manu. L'autatrice : bon et bien j'ai écris une fic à chapitre sur Rodrick, un truc franchement mignon et un peu carrément niais. Pour ceux qui la liront (si des gens la lisent) j'espère qu'elle vous plaira.[Chapter 2] Titre : Les tribulations de Rodrick Autatrice : lasurvolte (de pseudo) ou mari (mais vous pouvez m'appelez aussi Plectrude si ça vous dit ^^) Disclaimer : Pas à moi. Prompt : Tu veux du chocolat ? Chapitre 2 : la fille qui n'avait pas les mêmes goûts que Rodrick et dont il était amoureux quand même. Rodrick avait atteint son premier objectif, reformer un groupe. Ils n'étaient que trois, mais Lola en plus de faire de la guitare, touchait un peu de synthé, d'harmonica et même de violon. Elle trouvait des paroles de chansons comme si c'était aussi facile que de piocher dans une pochette surprise. Elle pouvait même chanter les chœurs avec Manu. Manu il était le chanteur, il avait la voix plus grave qu'au collège (c'est ce qu'on appelait muer) mais ça lui allait bien et il jouait de la basse comme un dieu (ou mieux encore selon Rodrick). Avec Rodrick à la batterie, ils formaient déjà un groupe des plus géniaux. Rodrick avait confiance, ils allaient conquérir les sommets, ensemble. Ils se retrouvaient tous les soirs et quelques heures le week-end (Rodrick retournant désormais chez lui une fois sur deux) pour jouer ensemble, écrire des chansons, essayer de trouver des musiques. Les deux garçons avaient appris dans la foulée que Lola avait un tatouage de dragon sur le dos – vachement beau – et qu'elle était aussi accro que Manu aux chewing-gums – apparemment c'était une ancienne fumeuse. En tout cas elle était super fun, malgré son mauvais caractère pas du tout dissimulé, et Rodrick était persuadé que Lola et Manu étaient ses deux meilleurs amis du monde. Donc pour le premier objectif, c'était bon. Maintenant, Rodrick devait se trouver une petite amie. Il avait l'embarras du choix, la fac était remplie de filles. Il n'y avait pas fait attention depuis qu'il y était, trop occupé à chercher des membres pour son groupe, mais maintenant il avait un peu de temps pour trouver l'amour. Hors de question de laisser ses deux frères sortir avec des filles et rester sur le banc de touche. Avant la fin du mois, Rodrick ne serait plus célibataire. Il finit par jeter son dévolue sur une nana qui partageait la plupart de ses cours. Elle était brune aux yeux bleus, elle avait la peau super blanche, elle était assez grande, grave jolie, et Rodrick en tomba amoureux quasiment tout de suite. Après s'être renseigné, il su qu'elle s'appelait Shirley, qu'elle avait son âge, et qu'elle venait de larguer son mec (ou de se faire larguer, il n'était plus sûr, mais peu importe). Après avoir choisi son plus beau tee-shirt (le noir avec une tête de mort) et son jean grave classe (noir aussi, avec un effet usé), il alla se pavaner devant elle à la fin d'un cours. Il toussota pour attirer son attention. - Salut Shirley, moi c'est Rodrick, on a les mêmes cours. - Ah bon ? - Ouais. - Je t'ai jamais remarqué. - Je me disais qu'on pourrait essayer de faire connaissance toi et moi. Shirley ramassa ses affaires. - Si tu veux. Répondit-elle. Et Rodrick dû se retenir de sauter de joie. Il l'accompagna jusqu'au cours suivant. Lui raconta qu'il faisait partie d'un groupe, elle lui expliqua qu'elle adorait les One Direction, et Rodrick avec toute sa volonté s'empêcha de grimacer et lui dit : - C'est pas vrai ? Moi aussi ! Shirley sembla s'illuminer. - C'est lequel ton préféré ? - Euh… Ben… Hm… Je les aime tous. - Allez, t'as forcément un préféré, on en a tous un. - Ah. Ben c'est qui ton préféré à toi ? - Harry. - Ah ouais voilà, ben moi pareil. Harry. Le seul Harry que Rodrick connaissait, c'était le petit sorcier à lunettes, mais il doutait que Shirley parle de celui-là. - Et ta chanson préférée ? Demanda-t-elle. Il haussa les épaules. - Moi c'est What's makes you beautiful , dit-elle sans qu'il ne demande. - Tu sais quoi ? Je crois bien que moi aussi. Elle éclata de rire. - Tu n'écoutes pas les One Direction n'est ce pas ? Il leva les mains d'un geste d'excuse. - Pas du tout, désolé. Shirley lui sourit : - C'est pas grave, tu auras essayé au moins. Tu viens t'asseoir à côté de moi ? Et Rodrick hocha la tête à toute vitesse, des milliers de papillons dans le ventre. xxx Rodrick bassina Lola et Manu pendant une heure sur Shirley. Et Shirley ceci, et Shirley cela . Lola finit par dire : - Bordel tu me saoules avec ta Sidney, j'ai les oreilles en vrac, je me casse. - C'est Shirley. - C'est pareil pauvre type. Puis elle quitta la salle, laissant Rodrick seul avec Manu. - Quelle mouche l'a piqué ? Elle est jalouse ou quoi ? Manu le détrompa : - Non, je crois qu'elle s'en fiche des tes amours et ça fait une heure que tu ne parles que de ça. - Mais tu n'as pas vu Shirley, toi aussi tu serais amoureux ! Manu lui sourit et répondit : - Ca m'étonnerait. - Tu dis ça parce que tu ne la connais pas. Manu ne répondit rien et laissa patiemment Rodrick parler de tout son amour pour Shirley. Il savait que Rodrick était nul pour juger les gens, surtout les filles, mais celle-ci ne semblait pas si mal. Après tout, elle lui avait parlé, l'avait laissé s'asseoir à côté d'elle, et ne s'était pas mal comporté avec lui. Mais même si elle l'avait fait, Manu n'était pas sûr que Rodrick s'en serait rendu compte. - Tu sais ce qu'elle m'a dit ? Que j'étais plutôt mignon. Sérieux. Woh. Je sais pas si c'est un compliment ou un insulte, mais je suis hyper content de ça. - Je pense que c'était un compliment. - Je crois qu'on va sortir ensemble pour de vrai, elle doit me kiffer autant que moi. C'est clair. - Rodrick, tu fais des plans sur la commette là. - Mais non, je te dis que ça va marcher. Quand je serai en couple, je t'aiderai aussi à trouver. Faut pas rester tout seul, tu vas déprimer. Tu pourrais peut-être sortir avec Lola. Manu éclata franchement de rire. - Moi avec Lola, ça serait trop drôle ça alors. - Pourquoi ? Rodrick ne comprenait pas du tout où voulait en venir Manu, et celui-ci lui donna un gentil coup de coude, sans lui donner de réponse. Rodrick attendit, mais Manu changea de sujet : - Alors tu revois Shirley demain ? - Oui. C'est génial n'est ce pas ? - J'imagine. - Je devrais demander à Lola de m'aider à écrire une chanson d'amour pour elle. - Pas sûr que Lola accepte. - On verra. Sinon je l'écrirai avec toi. - Et ça parlera de perroquet ? Rodrick rit et donna un coup d'épaule à Manu. Puis il se leva et alla s'installer à la batterie : - Ca te dit de jouer un peu ? Manu attrapa sa basse : - Bien sûr mon pote, toujours. Et ils jouèrent trop longtemps, et s'endormirent ensemble dans la salle. Ca commençait à devenir une habitude. xxx Le lendemain, Rodrick arriva en retard en cours, mais Shirley lui avait gardé la place et ça lui fit tout bizarre. Il lui sourit, elle lui rendit son sourire. - Pourquoi t'es en retard ? - On a joué toute la nuit avec mon groupe. Elle parut étonnée. - Vous êtes sérieux, c'est bien. - Ouais, on est archi motivé. Shirley acquiesça. - Vous croyez vraiment que vous allez y arriver. - Evidemment. La jeune fille eut un petit rire, puis resta silencieuse pour écouter le cours. Rodrick s'endormait à moitié et n'écoutait pas grand-chose, d'habitude il y avait toujours un type sympa pour lui filer ses notes, cette fois-ci il pourrait demander à Shirley. Ca serait une autre occasion de lui parler, de resserrer les liens. Comme un futur couple qui avait des choses à se partager. Il commençait déjà à se faire des films, bien sûr. Pourtant à la fin du cours quand il demanda à Shirley de lui prêter ses notes, celle-ci parut gênée. - Je suis désolée, bien sûr que je voudrais bien te les prêter, mais je les prête déjà à ma colocataire tu comprends ? Elle a des problèmes d'attentions la pauvre, ce n'est pas de sa faute. Elle a besoin de mon aide. Shirley était une âme charitable, une fille vraiment bien. Rodrick le voyait. - Pas de problème, ne t'inquiète pas. Si j'avais su ça je ne t'aurais pas demandé, je me débrouillerai. Shirley hocha la tête, remballa ses cours. - Je savais que tu comprendrais. xxx - Elle n'a pas voulu te donner ses cours ? - Non, elle a une colocataire qui en a besoin. Elle est tellement gentille. Lola et Manu échangèrent un regard, et Lola marmonna quelque chose comme un « pathétique » mais n'insista pas. Elle sortit sa guitare et commença à jouer quelques accords. Peu de temps après, Manu et Rodrick l'accompagnèrent. Ils jouèrent une joyeuse cacophonie, avant de trouver un rythme tous les trois. Ils décidèrent de reprendre quelques musiques qu'ils connaissaient, avant d'essayer de jouer un truc qui conviendrait à leurs propres chansons. Rodrick et Lola avaient tendances à s'emporter et à se lancer dans des solos, puis ils se calmaient, se regardaient, et éclataient de rire. Manu était plus calme, ils suivaient les deux autres, que ce soit au chant ou à la basse. Il avait une bonne oreille et arrivait à rendre un son qui allait bien avec les délires de Rodrick et Lola. Franchement la plupart du temps ils faisaient n'importe quoi, mais de ce n'importe quoi, ils arrivaient à sortir quelques accords qui leur plaisaient bien. Manu et Lola s'occupaient de faire les partitions, ce qu'ils voulaient garder. Pendant ce temps Rodrick s'amusait à faire tourner ses baguettes entre ses doigts, ou allait taper le rythme qu'ils avaient décidés à la batterie, parce qu'il était du genre à s'en souvenir assez bien, même après l'avoir joué seulement une fois. - J'avais joué quel accord déjà après ça ? Demanda Lola. Rodrick forma les sons avec sa bouche : - Tzouuiinng tzzouuiiing. Lola rit : - C'est ça « Tzouing tzouing », et plus précisément ? - Ré mineur, précisa Manu. - Merci Manu. Heureusement que tu es là. - Eh ! C'est bien ce que j'ai dis, insista Rodrick. Tzouuiinng tzzouuiiing. Sa voix était terrible, il faisait le son de façon hyper fausse. - C'est pour ça que t'es pas le chanteur Rodrick. Reste à la batterie avec tes boum bim bam ! - Je ne te permets pas Lola, je suis un très bon chanteur. Au lycée, j'avais même chanté une chanson pour Heather. Ecoute ! Rodrick commença à vouloir chanter le début de « Baby » de Justin Bieber et en dix secondes Lola et Manu se retrouvèrent éclaté de rire. Lola cria : - Stop stop, mes pauvres oreilles ! Rodrick s'arrêta et Lola vint le décoiffer : - Rodrick, pitié, ne chante plus jamais. Il haussa les épaules : - Je ne chante pas si mal, marmonna-t-il un peu vexé. - C'est carrément atroce tu veux dire, rit Lola. Rodrick regarda vers Manu comme pour obtenir son aide et Manu acquiesça : - C'était atroce. - Traître ! - Je n'y peux rien, Lola a raison. - Et puis Justin Bieber c'est horrible, comment tu as pu chanté ça ? Demanda Lola. - C'était sa chanson préférée, répondit Rodrick. - Suis mon conseil Rodrick, tombe amoureux de quelqu'un qui aime un minimum la même chose que toi, sinon vous allez vite vous ennuyer ensemble. - J'aime Shirley. - Pitié, elle est fan de One Direction ! Comment tu peux l'aimer ? - Elle est cool, drôle, sympa, jolie. - Dans ta tête. - Tu la connais pas. - Je la connais suffisamment, répondit Lola. Puis elle regarda la feuille de partition et demanda : - Et ensuite c'était quoi l'accord ? Rodrick ouvrit la bouche pour répondre, mais Manu fut plus rapide et donna le nom de l'accord. Puis il tourna les yeux vers Rodrick et lui fit un sourire d'excuse devant son air un peu boudeur. Rodrick retrouva vite son sourire, et recommença à jouer avec ses baguettes. Au bout d'un moment Lola se leva : - Bon c'est pas tout, mais moi j'ai quelqu'un qui m'attends. Salut les mecs. Ne faites pas trop de bêtises. Elle leur fit la bise, puis s'en alla. Rodrick dit : - Elle sort avec quelqu'un ? C'est pour ça que ça te faisait rire quand je vous imaginais ensemble. Manu acquiesça. - Il y a de ça. Tu veux rentrer ? - Non c'est bon. Et toi ? - Non. Répondit Manu. - Eh ! Dis voir, tu ne me montrerais pas comment on joue de la basse un peu ? Demanda Rodrick. - D'accord, si tu me montres comment on joue de la batterie. - Pas de problème. Et cette nuit là ils s'échangèrent leurs instruments de musique. xxx Rodrick avait téléchargé des musiques des One Direction, mais ce n'était pas vraiment son truc. Il avait fait écouté à son coloc, celui-ci avait levé les pouces en l'air « c'est sympa ça mec » . Ca n'avait pas vraiment convaincu Rodrick, et il s'était passé en boucle des musiques d'Aerosmith pour se nettoyer les oreilles. Il devrait faire écouter ça à Shirley, elle pourrait peut-être agrandir son répertoire musical. C'est comme ça qu'il en vint à lui prêter des cds de ses groupes préférés. - Merci. Dit-elle. - Tu vas voir c'est hyper bien, après tu vas devenir accro. - Si tu le dis. Elle n'avait pas l'air convaincue, mais Rodrick était sûr que quand elle aurait essayé, elle ne pourrait plus s'en passer. - Ca te dirait de venir voir une de nos répétitions ? - Je pourrais ? - Bien sûr. - Je veux bien alors. - On pourra même reprendre une chanson de One Direction, si tu veux. - Si vous en êtes capable, pourquoi pas ? Carrément qu'ils en étaient capable. Lola piqua une crise quand Rodrick lui demanda de s'entraîner à jouer un truc des One Direction. - T'as carrément pris de la drogue si tu penses que je vais faire ça ! - Allez s'il te plait Lola, s'il te plait, s'il te plait, s'il te plait ! Au nom de l'amour. - Au nom de rien du tout. Rodrick se tourna vers Manu : - Tu veux bien toi n'est ce pas ? - C'est pas trop mon truc, mais oui, si ça peut te faire plaisir. - Tu vois Lola, Manu veut bien lui, pour me faire plaisir. Lola poussa un soupir : - T'es chiant Rodrick. - S'il te plait, lui demanda-t-il en essayant d'être vraiment mignon. Lola leva deux doigts qu'elle lui montra : - Je veux deux choses en échange. - Tout ce que tu voudras. - La première : tu me payes le coiffeur. - D'accord, et la deuxième ? - Tu ne me redemandes plus jamais de jouer un truc aussi pourri ensuite. - Juré. - Bon. Alors je vais faire un effort. - Merci merci merci Lola ! T'es la fille la plus cool du monde. Je te revaudrai ça ! - T'as plutôt intérêt oui. C'est ainsi que le groupe de Rodrick (Les nouveaux Löded Diper) s'entraîna pour jouer une chanson des One Direction. Ils en firent un tube un peu plus rock-métal, quelque chose de plus écoutable, selon Lola. Si ça ne plaisait pas à Shirley, tant pis pour elle. xxx - Alors tu as écouté les cds que je t'ai prêté ? Demanda Rodrick à Shirley quand il la vit le lendemain. - Désolé, pas eu le temps. - D'accord je vois. Au fait on s'est entraîné pour jouer une musique des One Direction, tu auras un moment pour venir nous voir ? Shirley acquiesça avec un petit sourire. - Vous avez fait ça, c'est trop gentil ! Je pourrai venir ce samedi ? - Oui. - A 14 heures ? - On sera là. - Super, donne moi l'adresse alors. Rodrick le nota sur l'agenda de Shirley. Elle le remercia. - J'ai hâte, lui dit-elle tout sourire. - Moi aussi, répondit-il avec tout pleins de picotements dans le cœur. Plus tard avant de se séparer, elle embrassa sa joue. Rodrick eut un sourire béat toute la journée. xxx Samedi à 13h30, Rodrick, Lola et Manu étaient à la salle, et s'entraînaient une dernière fois. - Elle m'a embrassé sur la joue, cria Rodrick au milieu de la chanson. - Oui on sait ! Soupira Lola en changeant les accords pour jouer tout à fait autre chose. Un truc qui ressemblait étrangement à un requiem. Manu sourit, amusé, et l'accompagna. Rodrick fit tourner ses baguettes dans sa main et tapa n'importe quoi sur sa batterie, brisant le rythme. Cela déchaîna Manu et Lola qui commencèrent à jouer n'importe quoi, eux aussi. Ils ne s'arrêtèrent qu'à 13h58. - Elle ne devrait pas tarder. Fit remarquer Rodrick en regardant sa montre. Ils attendirent assis tous les trois contre le mur. Manu et Rodrick commencèrent à jouer à pierre-papier-ciseau, et Manu gagnait à chaque fois. - Mais comment tu fais ? - Je lis dans tes pensés. Rodrick fronça les sourcils : - Et je pense à quoi là ? - Vivement que Shirley arrive ! Répondit Manu. - Trop facile, sourit Lola. Rodrick regarda sa montre, 14h05. - Vivement que Shirley arrive, dit-il. Lola et Manu rirent. A 14h10, Lola mettait du eyeliner à Rodrick. Il avait complètement oublié. Heureusement que Shirley avait du retard. A 14h30, Rodrick regrettait de ne pas avoir le numéro de portable de Shirley pour lui demander si elle arrivait bientôt. A 15h, Lola détestait cordialement Shirley, tandis que Rodrick avait tout un tas d'excuses à lui servir : - J'ai peut-être mal compris l'heure, ou le jour, elle pensait peut-être à samedi prochain et moi j'ai compris celui-ci. Lola s'énerva, se leva et sortit en claquant la porte, disant qu'elle reviendrait dans cinq minutes quand elle serait calmée. Rodrick resta avec Manu : - C'est possible que je me sois trompé non ? Ou alors elle a eut un empêchement et n'a pas pu me le dire. - Si tu le dis Rodrick. - J'espère qu'il ne lui est rien arrivé de grave. - Je pense que tu ne devrais pas trop t'inquiéter. Elle t'expliquera sûrement ses raisons. Quand elle arrivera. - Oui j'en suis sûr. Manu n'ajouta rien, il garda ce qu'il pensait pour lui, Rodrick ne l'aurait pas écouté. A 17h, ils arrêtèrent d'attendre, et jouèrent n'importe quoi. Lola se lâcha avec sa guitare. A 18h ils sortirent pour aller manger quelque chose, s'arrêtèrent dans un fast food, et Lola eut une crise de fou rire à cause de Rodrick, qui, pour se faire pardonner d'avoir gâcher leur journée à les faire attendre Shirley, se mettait des frites sur la tête comme s'il avait des antennes et jouaient à faire le martien. Manu fut amusé lui aussi, et commença à imiter son ami. Lola cru qu'elle allait mourir de rire à regarder les deux idiots faire une bataille de frites. A 20h ils se séparèrent. Lola partit de son côté, mais Rodrick et Manu restèrent ensemble. - J'ai une super bonne idée ! Dit Rodrick. - Laquelle ? Demanda Manu. - Tu vas m'inviter chez toi et on va se mater des films d'horreur en mangeant des bonbons. - Vendu ! Accepta Manu enthousiaste. Ils allèrent louer des films et acheter des cochonneries à grignoter. Ils arrivèrent à l'appartement à 20h45 et des poussières. Rodrick retira ses chaussures et s'installa sur le canapé, les pieds sur la table basse. Manu mit un dvd au hasard et s'assit à côté de Rodrick, le sac de bouffes à côté d'eux. Ils mangèrent en regardant le film, se battirent pour le dernier réglisse (Manu essayer de marchander « tu veux du chocolat en échange ? » mais ça ne fonctionna pas car Rodrick soutenait qu'il avait touché le réglisse en premier et que donc il lui revenait de droit), ils finirent par le partager en deux. Ils sursautèrent tous les deux en même temps durant un moment flippant du film, se retrouvèrent collés l'un contre l'autre quand le sac fut vide, pour se rassurer. A 2h du matin Rodrick s'endormit comme une brique. Sa tête tomba sur l'épaule de Manu. Manu ne le repoussa pas. Compta jusqu'à cent dans sa tête, puis il posa sa joue contre le crâne de Rodrick, et s'endormit à son tour au bout de quelques minutes. C'était pas si mal que Shirley soit pas venue, finalement. A suivre.[Chapter 3] Titre : Les tribulations de Rodrick Autatrice : lasurvolte (de pseudo) ou mari (mais vous pouvez m'appelez aussi Plectrude si ça vous dit ^^) Disclaimer : Pas à moi. Prompt : C'est mignon, je crois. Chapitre 3 : L'épreuve de courage où Rodrick n'aura pas peur du tout. Shirley s'excusait pour la dix millième fois au moins. - Vraiment Rodrick je suis désolée, désolée, complètement désolée. Si j'avais eu ton numéro j'aurais pu te prévenir que j'avais un empêchement. Je suis désolée. Je voulais vraiment venir, mais c'était impossible. Ma cousine avait eu un accident. Impossible de venir. Je suis désolée ! Rodrick lui avait sourit avec indulgence, sans lui en vouloir le moins du monde. Même si elle n'avait pas eu d'excuse il ne lui en aurait pas voulu de toute façon, elle était trop mignonne. - C'est pas grave, tu viendras une autre fois et puis… Rodrick prit la main de Shirley et écrivit son numéro dessus : - Comme ça tu pourras m'appeler la prochaine fois. Elle eut un petit rire : - Je vais le noter ailleurs parce que je risque de me laver les mains. - Evidemment. Sourit Rodrick. Même si lui, il ne se serait peut-être pas lavé les mains si Shirley avait écrit son numéro de téléphone dessus. Ce qu'elle ne fit pas. - Je viendrai une prochaine fois. Assura-t-elle. - Bien sûr. Au fait, tu as écouté mes cds ? - Pas encore, je peux les garder ? - Oui, tu me les rendras quand tu pourras… xxx Le mois qui suivit, Shirley ne proposa jamais de revenir. Rodrick n'était pas le genre de garçon patient, et essaya de la relancer plusieurs fois, mais elle avait toujours quelque chose à faire. - Elle se fout de ta gueule ! Affirma Lola en essayant d'attraper une cacahouète avec sa bouche après l'avoir lancé en l'air. Ce qu'elle arrivait très bien à faire, contrairement à Rodrick qui avait déjà laissé tomber douze cacahouètes par terre. - Mais non, elle n'a simplement pas le temps. Manu mâchait du chewing gum en faisant ses devoirs. Ils étaient tous les trois dans leur local, mais faisait une pause pour le moment. - Dis lui Manu, qu'elle se fout de sa gueule, il t'écoutera peut-être toi. - Quand il s'agit d'une fille, Rodrick n'écoute personne, marmonna Manu concentré. - Parce que tu penses toi aussi qu'elle se fout de ma gueule ? Râla Rodrick. Manu releva les yeux, regarda Rodrick, puis soupira : - Je pense juste que tu n'es pas doué pour juger les filles, c'est tout. - Elle est aussi cool qu'un tube d'ACDC ! Tu peux pas en dire du mal comme ça. Lola étendit ses jambes, attrapa une nouvelle cacahouète et dit : - Elle ne sait même pas qui est ACDC ! Manu acquiesça à ses propos, mais Rodrick commençait déjà à faire la longue liste de toutes les qualités de Shirley, alors Manu retourna dans ses cours et Lola roula des yeux. Rodrick fut coupé dans son élan par son téléphone qui sonnait. Il eut un sourire bête en le sortant, peut-être était-ce Shirley ? Elle ne l'avait jamais appelé, mais sait-on jamais. Ce n'était pas Shirley. C'était sa mère. Elle voulait savoir quand il rentrait, ça faisait quelques week-end qu'il n'était pas venu, elle s'inquiétait, est-ce qu'il allait bien, est-ce qu'il mangeait, est-ce qu'il avait prit sa douche dernièrement ? - Rentre ce week-end, tu manques à Greg et à Manny. Tu peux emmener ton ami Manu si tu veux. - Je peux emmener Lola aussi ? - Qui est Lola ? Ta petite amie ? Rodrick grimaça : - Mais non, pas du tout, c'est la guitariste du groupe ! - L'un n'empêche pas l'autre Rodrick, insista sa mère. Rodrick jeta un coup d'œil vers Lola et posant sa main sur son portable il lui dit : - Ma mère croit qu'on sort ensemble - Quelle horreur ! Rit Lola. - Ouais je sais. Rodrick répondit à sa mère : - Elle est juste la guitariste, insista-t-il. Bon elle peut venir aussi alors ? - Oui. - Super. Rodrick raccrocha finalement et dit à Manu et Lola qu'ils étaient invités chez lui le week-end et qu'il serait content s'ils pouvaient venir. Lola répondit : - Faut que je vois. - Voir quoi ? - Je ne vis pas seule mon chou. - Ah oui ! J'avais oublié que t'étais pas célibataire. - Exactement, mais ça devrait aller, on peut se séparer un week-end. Rodrick se tourna vers Manu : - Et pour toi c'est bon ? - Oui, répondit Manu, pas de problème. Rodrick sourit de toutes ses dents : - Génial ! xxx Malheureusement pour Rodrick, Shirley était libre ce week-end là, et aurait été ravie de l'entendre jouer dans son groupe. - Je rentre ce week-end, marmonna Rodrick super déçu qu'il rentre justement ce week-end là et pas un autre. - Ah bon ? Tant pis alors. Une prochaine fois peut-être. - Oui. - C'est dommage quand même je trouve, tu es sûr que tu ne peux pas faire un effort et être là ? Je m'étais libérée exprès pour toi. - Non je ne peux pas, tout est arrangé, désolé. Shirley haussa les épaules, ouvrit son agenda et barra la date qu'elle avait prévu. - Tu ne seras donc pas là ? - Non. - Et ton groupe ? - Non plus, Lola et Manu viennent avec moi. - Je vois. Donc aucune chance de vous entendre ce week-end. - Aucune. - Dommage. Répéta-t-elle. Rodrick soupira et hocha la tête. Terriblement dommage. Il avait beaucoup de regrets mais Shirley le prenait de court. Si elle lui en avait parlé plus tôt, il aurait pu modifier les dates, mais c'était trop tard. C'était vendredi, et ils partaient après le repas du midi avec Manu et Lola. Pourtant il avait semblé à Rodrick qu'il en avait parlé à Shirley, mais elle avait dû oublier. Tant pis. xxx - Elle se fout de ta gueule, répéta Lola quand Rodrick leur raconta à elle et à Manu ce qu'il s'était passé avec Shirley. Mais maintenant tu la boucles et tu ne parles plus de Shirley de tout le week-end ou je fais demi-tour. - Mais… Commença Rodrick - Chut ! Rodrick soupira et obtempéra, puis il se tourna vers Manu qui avait prit le volant : - Tu en penses quoi toi ? Manu haussa les épaules : - C'est dommage. Ce sera pour une prochaine fois. Profitons de ce week-end pour nous amuser. Rodrick retrouva le sourire : - Ouais mon pote, bonne idée ! Je sais ce qu'on peut faire ! Chanter une chanson pendant le trajet. - Pas question ! Tu chantes trop mal Rodrick ! Se plaignit Lola. - Même pas vrai. - Si ! - Non ! - Si ! - Non écoute ça Lola ! Il se mit à chanter et Lola se boucha les oreilles. - C'est atroce, même mon chien chante mieux que ça. Rodrick insista un peu, puis il se tut et lui tira la langue et sortit un paquet de bonbons de son sac : - Vous en voulez ? - Ouais ! Accepta Lola. Manu hocha la tête. Et Rodrick partagea les bonbons. - Je savais pas que t'avais un chien Lola. - Façon de parler. Mais si j'en avais un, il chanterait mieux que toi. - Merci. - Mais tu joues très bien de la batterie, on ne te demande pas de devenir chanteur. - Encore heureux, sourit Manu. - Eh ! Vous êtes ligués contre moi. Se plaignit Rodrick. - Pas du tout, répondit Lola. Manu est toujours de ton côté. - Ah bon ? Moi je crois qu'il est toujours de ton côté. N'est ce pas Manu ? - Non Lola a raison, je suis de ton côté Rodrick. Rodrick leva un sourcil et finit par sourire en coin : - Ah ouais ? Alors tu devrais me défendre. - Même moi je ne peux pas dire que tu chantes bien Rodrick. - Pff, même pas juste ! Manu tourna quelques secondes les yeux vers Rodrick qui était assis sur le siège à côté de lui, et sourit, puis il regarda de nouveau la route : - Mais tu joues très bien de la batterie. - Merci. Toi tu chantes très bien et tu joues très bien de la basse. - Merci. Lola roula des yeux et tendit la main vers Rodrick : - File moi des bonbons au lieu de roucouler. Rodrick obéit, sans remarquer que Manu avait rougit. - Et toi Lola tu es une très bonne guitariste, continua Rodrick. - C'est bon, je le sais, continuez à vous complimenter entre vous, c'est un peu écoeurant, mais je ferai avec. Toujours mieux que d'entendre parler de Shirley. - T'aimes pas les compliments ? Demanda Rodrick. - Oh si si, mais c'est voir l'amour éclore entre deux personnes qui me rend malade, c'est pas mon truc tous ces machins fleurs bleus. Rodrick fronça les sourcils : - Je comprends rien à ce que tu racontes, tu piges quelque chose Manu ? Demanda-t-il en se tournant vers le conducteur. Celui-ci toussa : - Non rien du tout, marmonna-t-il. Lola ricana, et préféra se taire, mangeant les bonbons que Rodrick lui avait donnés. Rodrick resta perplexe, puis finit par hausser les épaules, donna des bonbons à Manu et discuta avec lui pendant que Lola piquait un roupillon à l'arrière. xxx Rodrick présenta donc Lola à sa famille. - C'est Rodrick en fille, ne put s'empêcher de lâcher Greg en la voyant. Lola lui sourit et pinça sa joue : - Je vais prendre ça pour un compliment gamin ! Rodrick avait soulevé Manny du sol et le faisait tourner, puis son deuxième petit frère fit un bisou à Lola et à Manu. Frank et Susan, les parents des trois garçons, accueillirent Lola et Manu, et posèrent pleins de questions indiscrètes à Lola en particulier. Ils voulaient surtout savoir s'il y avait quoi que ce soit entre leur aîné et cette jeune fille. - Elle n'est pas célibataire, et même, elle ne m'intéresse pas de cette façon. C'est une amie. Râla Rodrick devant l'indiscrétion de ses parents. - Rodrick est amoureux de quelqu'un d'autre, répondit Lola. Rodrick donna un coup de coude à Lola, maintenant ses parents ne le lâcheraient plus jamais, et ça allait être vraiment ennuyant, les parents ne comprenaient rien. Ils pensaient que leurs enfants avaient envie de parler d'amour avec eux, mais c'était tout le contraire. Rodrick n'avait pas du tout envie de leur parler de Shirley. Trop tard. - Ooooh alors tu as une amoureuse ? Elle s'appelle comment ? Demanda Susan. - Comment se fait-il que tu ne l'invites pas ici, interrogea Frank qui d'habitude ne se mêlait pas de ce genre de choses. Rodrick leva les yeux au ciel : - J'ai dix-neuf ans, on peut plus parler « d'amoureuse » à cette âge là, bon sang ! Vous me foutez la honte devant mes amis. - Oh pardon fiston, je ne te pensais pas si timide, se moqua Susan. Elle semblait bien s'amuser et Rodrick soupira et finit par dire la vérité : - Elle s'appelle Shirley, elle est magnifique, mais elle n'a pas le temps pour venir. Nous ne sortons pas ensemble, mais ça ne saurait tarder. Je pense. Voilà satisfaite ? - Très bien. Sourit sa mère. Elle lui fit un câlin, parce qu'elle ne lui en avait pas encore fait, et Rodrick se laissa faire. Frank lui-même eut le droit à son câlin. Puis Rodrick emmena Lola et Manu dans sa chambre. xxx - Un peu vieux jeu tes parents, mais cool. Fit Lola en squattant un des sièges. Rodrick s'allongea sur son lit, sans enlever ses chaussures et Manu se posa le cul par terre, le dos appuyé contre le lit. - Tu ne pouvais pas te taire, ma mère va plus me lâcher maintenant. - Baaaah… Sourit Lola en levant les mains au ciel, c'est étonnant que tu ne leur ais pas parlé de la merveilleuse Shirley par toi-même. - T'es folle, je parle pas de ce genre de trucs à mes parents. Manu posa son menton sur ses genoux repliés. Ecoutant Lola et Rodrick discuter. Puis il sentit soudain quelque chose dans ses cheveux. C'était Rodrick qui s'amusait à le décoiffer : - Tu es bien pensif, ce ne serait pas que tu serais amoureux toi aussi ? Manu pencha la tête en arrière, et lui sourit. Sans répondre à la question. - Je vous écoutais parler. Vous êtes marrants tous les deux. - Ah bon ? Demanda Rodrick. - Oui. Ils restèrent silencieux tous les deux, se regardant dans les yeux, quand Lola bailla très fort. - Je vais aller chercher ma guitare, ça fera office de violon. - Pardon ? Demanda Rodrick. - Rien. Je reviens. Restez sage. Et elle disparut dans l'escalier. Rodrick roula sur son lit, pour se mettre sur le ventre, se penchant vers Manu et s'amusant à poser son menton sur son épaule : - Tu ne la trouves pas bizarre en ce moment toi ? - Pas plus que d'habitude, répondit Manu. - J'ai l'impression qu'elle dit des trucs comme si elle savait quelque chose que j'ignorais et que ça l'amusait beaucoup. Manu soupira, il n'osait pas bouger d'un millimètre : - Tu dois te faire des idées. - Sans doute. Lola revint dans la chambre, sa guitare folk à la main. Elle se rassit sur le canapé tandis que Rodrick se redressait sur son lit, s'asseyant en tailleur. Lola gratta quelques accords, Manu finit par se mettre à chanter, tandis que Rodrick, qui avait attrapé des baguettes, tapait un rythme sur le bois de lit. Ils s'amusèrent ainsi un temps. Puis Rodrick sans savoir pourquoi commença à raconter des trucs sur ses frangins, surtout sur Greg, et en vint à parler de l'histoire des bois sataniques avec laquelle il avait fait flipper Greg une soirée d'halloween. C'était l'histoire d'une cabane remplie de sataniques dans les bois qui mettaient les enfants dans des fours à pizza géants, pour les manger. Comme ils avaient laissé les fours allumés une fois, la maison avait brûlé et le soir d'Halloween on entendait encore le bruit des fantômes des satanistes qui cherchaient des enfants à sacrifier. Lola se marra à la fin de l'histoire. Manu pas vraiment, mais ça ne lui faisait pas peur pour autant. - Génial ça me donne une idée ! Lâcha Lola enthousiasme. - Quelle idée ? Interrogea Rodrick. - On va faire une épreuve de courage ! - Une quoi ? Demanda Manu. - Une épreuve de courage ça va être marrant. Genre on se déguise, on va dans les bois voir si on entend les fantômes sataniques et le premier qui flippe doit payer le restau aux autres. Rodrick, évidemment, trouva l'idée géniale, même s'il insistait sur le fait que jamais il n'aurait peur. - Il faut emmener Greg, il va se pisser dessus ! Et à peine avait-il dit ça qu'il allait prévenir Greg, et ses parents. - On sort ce soir ! - Où ? Interrogea Frank. - Oh, faire une balade c'est tout, on sera pas long. Frank et Susan acceptèrent. - Vous pourriez emmener Manny, ça serait drôle. - Il a que cinq ans … Fit Rodrick. - Mais l'autre fois il est allé au cinéma avec vous, je sais que vous le surveillerez et que vous ne rentrerez pas trop tard. Rodrick hésita, mais Manny vint s'accrocher à son pantalon : - Je peux viendre Rodrick ? Et il se laissa berner par la bouille du petit dernier : - D'acc Manny, tu peux viendres si tu veux. - Venir, corrigea Susan. Tu peux venir. - C'est bien ce que j'ai dis. Bon viens Manny, on va te trouver un déguisement. - Vous vous déguisez pour faire une promenade ? - Oui c'est marrant, répondit Rodrick. Puis il conduisit Manny dans sa chambre pour échapper aux questions gênantes des parents. xxx Greg avait trouvé très drôle de se déguiser « en Rodrick », en même temps c'était facile, il avait emprunté des vêtement à son frère, avait failli s'éborgner en essayant de se mettre de l'eye-liner (finalement Lola l'avait aidé), et avait mis ses cheveux dans tous les sens. Voilà, transformation opérée. Pour la première fois, on voyait que Greg et Rodrick étaient vraiment frères et se ressemblaient. Les autres étaient allés dans une friperie. Lola avait choisi une robe longue, qui faisait très moyen âge et qui jurait avec ses mèches roses. Manu avait trouvé un costume de chevalier. Manny avait insisté pour porter une robe aussi belle que celle de Lola – selon lui – alors ils lui avaient dégoté une robe qui avait sûrement été utilisé à un mariage par une petite fille. C'était amusant de le voir ainsi accoutré. Du coup ça inspira Rodrick qui décida de faire pareil que son petit frère, et trouva une robe ressemblant à celle de Lola. Après le repas, ils enfilèrent tous leur costume, et Lola s'éclata à maquiller à fond Rodrick, elle en mit des tas. Elle réussit même à lui faire des couettes en tirant ses cheveux. Ce qui fit bien marrer le garçon au passage. Pour Manny, ils se contentèrent de lui mettre un petit serre-tête et quelques paillettes. Rodrick souleva Manny dans ses bras : - Tu es trop mignon ! - Et toi t'es trop beau Rodrick ! - Merci ! Mais le meilleur costume revient à Greg, normal c'est moi. Greg essaya d'imiter son frère, en attrapant des baguettes, il ne réussit pas du tout à les tourner entre ses doigts, les faisant tomber : - Règle numéro un : ne jamais bien faire ce qu'on n'a pas envie de faire. Règle numéro deux : toujours niveler par le bas les attentes de papa et maman. Règle numéro trois : ne jamais faire quelque chose qu'un autre peut faire pour toi ! Alors je suis comment ? - Faut revoir ton jeu de baguette, Greg, mais sinon tu es parfait. - C'est quoi ces règles, demanda Lola ? - Les règles de Rodrick pour avoir une vie facile, répondit Greg. - Pas mal. A retenir. Je ne te savais pas aussi intelligent Rodrick. - Eh ! Se vexa Rodrick en lançant un coussin sur Lola. Greg pouffa. Manu eut un petit sourire. - Non Rodrick est très intelligent, dit-il, c'est simplement qu'il le cache bien. - Voilà exactement, Manu a raison. - C'était pas un compliment Rodrick, se marra Lola. - Si c'était un compliment, n'est ce pas Manu ? - Je crois que oui, répondit le concerné. - Aha ! Tu vois. - On y va ? Demanda Manny qui commençait à s'impatienter. - On y va ! Répondit Rodrick. xxx La forêt était petite, mais sombre. Rodrick tenait la main de son petit frère, qui finit par le lâcher pour aller prendre la main de Lola. - Il t'aime bien, dit Rodrick. Elle lui sourit. D'habitude elle aimait pas trop les gosses, mais Manny ça allait. Greg demanda : - Au fait, pourquoi on vient là ? Je pensais qu'on allait juste se balader. - Ah oui, j'ai oublié de te dire, que c'est une épreuve de courage, se moqua Rodrick. - Quoi ? - Tu te souviens des sataniques ? Greg réfléchit, il s'en souvenait un peu. - Et alors ? - On va voir s'ils sont dans cette forêt pour de vrai. Répondit son frère. - Très drôle, ce ne sont que des histoires ça n'existe pas ! - On verra, sourit Rodrick. Ils tournèrent un peu dans la forêt, il faisait sombre, mais il ne se passait rien. Lola lâcha : - Je suis déçue, moi qui pensais qu'on allait se battre contre… Elle se tut. Avant de reprendre : - Vous avez entendu ce bruit ? Greg et Rodrick se regardèrent : - Quel bruit ? - Mais là le bruit, on aurait dit un cri ou quelque chose comme ça. - Très drôle Lola, on a rien entendu du tout, fit Rodrick. T'as entendu quelque chose Manu ? Manu tendit l'oreille, et haussa les épaules : - Peut-être bien. Manny qui tenait la main de Lola dit : - Moi aussi j'ai entendu en plus ! Seulement il n'avait pas l'air du tout effrayé. Lola en revanche se rapprocha de Rodrick : - Je t'assure Rodrick, je ne mens pas, je…. Elle fit une nouvelle pause : - Et là ? Là vous avez entendu ? Peut-être bien que Rodrick et Greg avaient entendu quelque chose. Rodrick se tenait très proche de son frère. - Rien du tout, insista-t-il. Ca ne doit pas être grand-chose. Comme si j'allais avoir peur franchement. Mais à ce moment là, quelque chose craqua dans la forêt, le faisant sursauter. Lola tenait toujours la main de Manny qui rigolait : - Rodrick et Greg ont peuuuuur, se moquait-il. - Pas du tout, firent les deux garçons. Manu regardait Lola qui insistait et disait encore qu'il y avait quelque chose. Soudain elle cria et les deux frères faillirent se prendre dans les bras l'un de l'autre. - Là ! J'ai vu quelque chose ! - Il n'y a rien du tout, cria Rodrick en s'éloignant de son frère. - Oui rien du tout, répéta Greg qui avait très envie de s'enfuir à toutes jambes. - Alors va voir Rodrick, s'il te plait. Tu es courageux non ? Et toi aussi Manu ? Si vous alliez voir ensemble hein ? Moi je reste avec Manny et Greg, s'il se passe un truc, Greg nous protégera. Rodrick n'avait jamais pensé que Lola puisse être une trouillarde. Il n'avait pas très envie d'aller voir, mais Manu n'avait pas du tout l'air effrayé. - Je peux aller voir tout seul, dit-il. - Non c'est bon, je vais venir avec toi, c'est sûrement rien. Et j'ai pas peur ! Dit Rodrick d'une voix qui donnait quand même l'impression qu'il avait un peu peur malgré ses dix-neuf ans. Rodrick suivit donc Manu, soulevant la robe qu'il portait et qui traînait un peu par terre. Ils s'éloignèrent pour aller voir là où Lola avait cru voir quelque chose. Il n'y avait rien. - Il n'y a rien, fit Manu. - Ouais. Rodrick allait proposer de faire demi-tour, mais il entendit encore une branche qui craque et s'inquiéta. - Tu as entendu ? - C'est juste une branche qui craque Rodrick, on est dans une forêt il y a pleins de branches qui craquent, ne t'en fais pas. - Je ne m'en fais pas, répondit Rodrick. Sauf qu'à ce moment là une voix cria derrière eux et Rodrick fit un tel bon qu'il s'accrocha à Manu en criant lui aussi. Le cri qu'il avait entendu se changea en autre chose, un rire. Le rire de Lola. Rodrick se retourna, sans lâcher Manu, et regarda la jeune fille qui se bidonnait à fond : - Tu as eu tellement la trouille Rodrick, c'était trop drôle ! Toi et Greg vous êtes des trouillards ! Rodrick, tu nous dois un restau. Rodrick relâcha finalement Manu : - Tu veux dire que t'as pas entendu de bruit bizarre ? - Nope. - Ni rien vu de bizarre. - Rien. Mais c'était trop drôle de vous manipuler, vous auriez vu votre tête. Manny qu'elle tenait toujours par la main riait autant qu'elle. Greg, lui, se tenait tout droit comme un piquet, on sentait qu'il avait eu aussi peur que son frère. Manu lui n'était pas effrayé du tout, juste un peu rouge, il rit donc avec Lola. - Tu savais qu'elle mentait ? Demanda Rodrick. - Je me suis douté de quelque chose, connaissant Lola. Sourit-il. Rodrick soupira, il s'était bien fait avoir. - D'accord, je vous paierai le restau. - Bien ! Fit Lola. Allez on rentre, Manny doit aller se coucher. - Mais je suis pas fatigué ! Dit l'enfant. - Non ? Et bien moi si, je suis très très très très fatiguée, et je vais m'endormir dans la forêt si on ne rentre pas. Manny rit encore. - D'accord on rentre alors ! Et c'est ce qu'ils firent. Rodrick resta près de Manu, et Lola sourit : - Heureusement que Manu était là pour te protéger Rodrick. - Aha ! Très drôle ! Répondit Rodrick mais il rit. Okay tu m'as bien eu. Et Manu est un très bon protecteur. Manu toussa, en avalant de travers sa salive. - Ca va ? Demanda Rodrick. - Nickel ! Répondit Manu entre deux quintes de toux. Rodrick tapota son dos et ça passa. xxx Lola et Manu dormirent sur des matelas par terre dans la chambre de Rodrick, qui avait poussé des meubles pour faire un peu de place. - C'était marrant cette soirée, dit Lola. Rodrick mort de trouille, c'est mignon. Je crois. - Oui. Répondit Manu avant de se reprendre et d'ajouter, cette soirée était bien. Rodrick regardait son plafond emballé dans sa couverture. - Rodrick ? Appela Manu. - Hmmm… - Tu penses à quelque chose ? - Non, je suis entrain de m'endormir, répondit Rodrick. Vous êtes bien installé ? - Oui ça va répondit Manu. - Ouais, fit Lola. Pourquoi ? Tu veux me filer ton lit ? - Pourquoi ? Tu veux mon lit ? - On est toujours mieux sur un lit, et puis Manu est tellement collé à moi qu'il me souffle dans l'oreille. - Ce n'est pas vrai, se défendit Manu. - Alors tu me donnes ton lit Rodrick ? - Si tu veux. Il se fichait de dormir par terre, ils échangèrent avec Lola. Son matelas était effectivement collé à celui de Manu, mais il ne sentait pas du tout le souffle de Manu dans son oreille. Lola avait sans doute beaucoup exagéré. - Bonne nuit, dit-il. Il entendit les autres lui répondre et s'endormit quinze secondes plus tard. xxx Le week-end fut génial, pas une seule fois Rodrick ne pensa à Shirley. Lui, Manu et Lola jouèrent une bonne partie du samedi (Rodrick ayant ramené sa batterie) et eurent comme spectateur Greg, Holly (sa petite amie), Rowley (son meilleur ami), Sweety (le chien de la famille Heffley) et Manny. Susan et Frank vinrent même écouter, et dire qu'il y avait eut une amélioration. Ils repartirent le dimanche après-midi, Lola voulait kidnapper Manny « parce que pour un môme il est vachement adorable » , et avait embêté Greg tout le week-end (même Rodrick ne l'avait pas embêté autant qu'elle). - Il était marrant Greg, tellement facile à embêter, avoua-t-elle dans la voiture sur le trajet du retour. Rodrick ricana. - Je pense qu'il n'a pas hâte que tu reviennes et qu'il préfère Manu, dit-il. - Tout le monde préfère Manu, sourit-elle. - Evidemment ! répondit Rodrick en distribuant des bonbons qu'il avait ramené de chez lui. Sans voir que Manu rougissait et que Lola avait un sourire en coin. A suivre. L'autatrice : et voilà le chapitre trois. J'aime bien mettre les persos en robe, c'est une passion chez moi. En tout cas j'espère que si vous lisez, vous aimez, et n'hésitez pas à me donner votre avis.[Chapter 4] Titre : Les tribulations de Rodrick Autatrice : lasurvolte (de pseudo) ou mari (mais vous pouvez m'appelez aussi Plectrude si ça vous dit ^^) Disclaimer : Pas à moi. Prompt : Tu es jaloux? Chapitre 4 : L'amour ça rend aveugle. Rodrick avait finalement emmené Lola et Manu au restau. Lola s'était soudainement sentie mal, avant même de commander l'entrée, elle s'était levée, s'était excusée et était partie. Rodrick avait voulu la suivre, s'assurer que tout allait bien, mais elle avait insisté pour qu'ils restent ensemble tous les deux et profitent de ce bon repas au restaurant, en tête à tête. - Faites comme si j'étais là. Ou non mieux encore, faites comme si je n'étais pas là. Amusez-vous bien. Et elle avait filé, paraissant pas si malade que ça. - Tu la comprends ? Demanda Rodrick à Manu. Manu se passa une main dans les cheveux l'air exaspéré : - J'aimerais vraiment qu'elle arrête de faire ça. - Faire quoi ? Interrogea Rodrick en levant un sourcil. - Rien. Rodrick n'insista pas. - Bon et bien puisqu'elle est partie, tant pis pour elle, je ne te paye le restau qu'à toi. Manu lui sourit. Pendant le repas ils racontèrent un peu leurs années lycée, ils avaient perdu contact et ils avaient toujours des trucs à se dire. Rodrick parla un peu de Heather, beaucoup des Löded Diper, de ses frères également. Manu parla de lui, des concerts qu'il était allé voir, des gens qu'il avait rencontrés. - Tu n'as pas formé de groupe ? - J'ai essayé, mais dans mon lycée ils n'étaient pas tellement intéressés. - Dommage. Et tu avais une petite amie ? Manu eut un petit rire et secoua la tête. - Non. - Même pas une fille en vue ? - Non Rodrick. - Ah. Bon. Bien. Tu n'as juste pas encore trouvé. Manu resta silencieux et sourit en coin. Il mangea ce qu'il avait dans son assiette et puis il finit par dire : - Peut-être bien que j'ai quelqu'un en vue en ce moment. - Ah oui ? Comment elle s'appelle ? - Comment elle s'appelle hein… Répéta Manu. - Oui. Manu joua avec sa fourchette un moment, sans répondre. - Tu ne veux pas me le dire ? - Ce n'est pas ça, répondit Manu, simplement je réfléchis. - A quoi ? - Rodrick tu es tellement naïf tu sais ça ? Gentil, drôle, intelligent même, et je suis sûr que tu es super tolérant, mais vraiment vraiment naïf. - Je dois me vexer ? Se vexa Rodrick. Je ne me trouve pas naïf du tout, pas du tout ! - Insouciant alors. Rodrick grimaça et planta sa fourchette dans ses frites l'air quand même vachement vexé. Il en oublia de demander à Manu comment s'appelait la fille sur qui il avait des vues, de toute façon si Manu voulait lui en parler il le ferait. Peut-être voulait-il simplement attendre d'être totalement sûr de lui. Rodrick n'était pas naïf (pas du tout), pour preuve, il avait bien vu que Manu était plus hésitant que lui quand il s'agissait d'amour. Rodrick fonçait tête baissée vers la première fille qui lui plaisait, alors que Manu semblait vouloir réfléchir pendant des plombes avant de se décider si oui ou non c'était une bonne ou une mauvaise idée de tomber amoureux. Rodrick ne se vexait pas longtemps, très vite il parla d'autre chose avec Manu. Pour le dessert ils se firent goûter chacun ce qu'ils avaient pris, et finirent même par échanger leur plat, préférant celui de l'autre. A la fin Rodrick paya. Une fois dehors il s'étira : - Pas envie d'aller me coucher, et si on allait chez toi écouter de la musique jusqu'à se flinguer les oreilles ? - Bonne idée ! Ils allèrent donc dans l'appartement de Manu, ce dernier mit un de ses cds de musique préféré, puis ils mangèrent des bonbons en jouant aux cartes. Finalement ils essayèrent d'écrire une nouvelle chanson, ce qui était très risqué sans Lola. - Ne fais pas ton ornithorynque, et rends moi mon… Attends qu'est ce qui rime avec ornithorynque ? - Pourquoi est ce que tu veux parler d'ornithorynque dans cette chanson Rodrick ? - Parce que ce sont des animaux très bien et qu'on n'en parle jamais assez. - Je ne te savais pas passionné par les ornithorynques. - Bah pas tellement en fait, mais avoue que ce mot fait sacrément cool dans une chanson ! Manu sourit : - Ouais t'as raison, c'est plutôt cool. - Alors on le met ? - Oui. Et ils écrivirent une chanson sans queue ni tête, mais avec le mot ornithorynque dedans. Ensuite ils s'allongèrent sur le lit deux places de Manu et discutèrent des trucs marrants qui leur étaient arrivés. - Je faisais semblant de me noyer pour qu'Heather vienne me sauver. Ca aurait été vachement romantique. Mais y a un vieux il a vraiment cru que je me noyais et il m'a fait du bouche à bouche, c'était horrible. Manu eut une crise de fou rire en imaginant ça. - Ca te fait rire, mais sur le coup j'ai vraiment cru que ma vie était finie. Il m'a vraiment foutu les ch'tons. - Y a qu'à toi que ce genre de trucs peut arriver, Rodrick. - Peut-être bien. - Et alors ? Heather a fait quoi ? - Rien, elle n'a même pas remarqué que je me noyais. - Ouch ! Dur. - C'est du passé. Elle n'était sans doute pas faite pour moi. Maintenant j'ai rencontré Shirley. - Et tu es sûr de l'aimer ? - Bien sûr que je l'aime. Elle est parfaite mon vieux, qui ne l'aimerait pas ? - Dans ce cas j'espère pour toi que ça marchera avec elle, sourit Manu. Rodrick lui donna un gentil coup de coude : - Merci, et moi j'espère que ça marchera pour toi aussi. - Merci. - Et maintenant… - Maintenant ? - Bataille d'oreiller ! Et Rodrick écrabouilla un oreiller sur le visage de Manu. Ils s'endormirent épuisés, après la bataille, allongés n'importe comment sur le lit, les couvertures loin d'eux, puisqu'ils mourraient de chaud. La tête de Rodrick près du torse de Manu, le bras de Manu sur son épaule. Ils ne se réveillèrent pas assez tôt le lendemain matin et loupèrent le début de leurs cours. xxx Il fallu encore un bon mois avant que Shirley ne rende ses cds à Rodrick : - Tu les as écouté ? - Oui. - Alors tu as aimé ? Shirley lui sourit et s'exclama : - Tu rigoles ? J'ai adoré ! Rodrick était ravi, il savait bien que Shirley était une fille géniale. - Et j'ai une bonne nouvelle. - Laquelle ? - Je peux venir vous écouter ce week-end, toi et ton groupe. - Réellement ? - Oui. Tu es libre n'est ce pas ? C'est bon cette fois-ci ? - Très bon même. - Donc on se voit samedi à 14 heures alors ? - Parfait. Acquiesça Rodrick. Appelle moi si tu as un empêchement. - Oui. Bien sûr. Mais ça devrait aller. Rodrik passa le reste de la journée à marcher sur un nuage. xxx Lola avait râlé. Elle s'était énervée toute seule contre cette Sidney qui leur imposait ses horaires à elle. - Elle s'appelle Shirley, précisa Rodrick - On joue souvent ensemble le samedi, tempéra Manu. - Et alors ? Ca m'énerve que cette garce nous donne des ordres. - Elle a juste proposé de venir à cette heure-ci, fit Rodrick. Et ce n'est pas une garce. Pourquoi tu t'énerves comme ça contre elle ? Tu ne serais pas jalouse par hasard ? Lola grimaça, gratta un accord sur sa guitare électrique, puis se mit à chanter : « J'aime pas cette Sidney Je lui fais pas confiance Elle a pas l'air franche Rodrick tu devrais te méfier Ouvrir les yeux et voir Qu'il y a mieux pas loin de toi Qu'il y a bien plus sympa Que cette nana sans espoir ! » Rodrick à la fin de la chanson demanda : - De qui tu parles ? De toi ? - Mais non crétin. Je parle de… Elle s'arrêta, soupira, puis reprit : - De n'importe qui plutôt qu'elle - Mais moi c'est elle que j'aime. Lola roula des yeux, Manu intervint : - Lola, Rodrick aime qui il veut, tu te trompes peut-être sur Shirley, laisse lui une chance. Lola ouvrit la bouche pour protester, puis sembla changer d'avis : - Okay. Mais si cette fois, si elle ne vient pas, je lui fais bouffer ma guitare. Shirley vint. Bon. Avec une demi-heure de retard (Lola donna l'impression qu'elle allait lui sauter dessus et la mordre quand elle arriva) mais elle vint. Lola, Manu et Rodrick purent lui jouer la chanson des One direction version plutôt rock et elle les applaudit. - C'était super. Rodrick sourit jusqu'au plafond. Ils jouèrent d'autres trucs, qui faisaient plutôt partie de leur répertoire commun, puis ils finirent par jouer une de leur chanson à eux. Shirley applaudit à chaque fois, les félicita. Lola se dérida un peu devant son enthousiasme. Ils arrêtèrent finalement de jouer et Shirley discuta. - Alors vous comptez jouer un concert un jour ? - Peut-être, répondit Lola avec méfiance. - Oh chouette ! Si vous jouez plus de One direction, ça pourrait marcher. Lola grinça des dents, mais Manu parla pour l'empêcher de faire une remarque : - Cela dépend pour qui on joue, dit-il. Je suppose que les fans de rock et de métal aimeront ce qu'on joue. - Oh. Si tu le dis. Fit Shirley en se tournant vers Rodrick. Tu en penses quoi toi ? Rodrick la bouffait des yeux et dit : - Tu as raison Shirley. Il ne savait pas vraiment de quoi ils parlaient. Lola se leva d'un bond : - Je sors fumer une clope. Marmonna-t-elle sachant très bien qu'elle n'avait pas de cigarettes sur elle puisqu'elle avait arrêté. Sauf que Rodrick et Shirley la crispaient et lui donnait vraiment envie de s'y remettre. Manu lui lança un chewing-gum avant qu'elle ne quitte la pièce et elle le remercia d'un signe de tête. - Et bien, elle a pas l'air commode votre guitariste. Vous devriez peut-être trouver quelqu'un de plus sympa non ? Elle pourrait couler votre groupe. Rodrick prit un ton rassurant : - Naaaan Lola est cool, t'inquiète, elle est juste jalouse parce que tu es plus jolie qu'elle. Manu leva les yeux au ciel, il avait soudain très envie de sortir d'ici lui aussi. D'ailleurs c'est ce qu'il fit : - Je vais voir comment va Lola. Rodrick se retrouva seul avec Shirley, ce qui ne lui déplu pas. - Je sais pas si c'est une bonne idée ce groupe Rodrick, mais bon ça a l'air de te plaire. - Ca me plait. - C'est ce qui compte alors. Tu crois que je pourrai revenir ? - Bien sûr. - Je ne suis pas sûr que tes amis soient d'accords. - T'inquiète pas pour eux, tu peux venir quand tu veux. - Merci. Shirley embrassa la joue de Rodrick, qui se retrouva tout paralysé de bonheur. Shirley l'avait embrassé, elle l'avait embrassé ! Pour une fois qu'une fille s'intéressait à lui et l'embrassait lui. Pas son frère, pas Rowley, lui. D'accord ce n'était que sur la joue, mais c'était un super début. - Je pourrais te chanter un petit truc si tu veux ? - Vas-y. Rodrick prit la guitare de Lola, gratta n'importe comment et chanta. Shirley éclata de rire et l'arrêta : - Stop Rodrick ! Tu me casses les oreilles, c'est horrible. Reste à la batterie. Rodrick fit la moue : - Lola et Manu me disent ça tout le temps aussi. Je chante si mal que ça ? - Pire ! - Bon. Shirley se leva et ébouriffa ses cheveux : - Pas important, personne ne te demande de devenir chanteur. - C'est vrai. Elle lui sourit : - Bon je dois y aller, on se voit à la fac. - Oui. Shirley embrassa une deuxième fois sa joue. Et s'en alla. Aussitôt Lola et Manu revinrent dans le local et trouvèrent Rodrick entrain de ricaner tout seul. - Qu'est ce qu'il se passe ? Demanda Lola. - Elle m'a embrassé. - C'est pas vrai ? - Si. Deux fois. Lola fit une gueule d'enterrement comme si Rodrick venait de lui annoncer que le rock était mort. Manu enfonça les mains dans ses poches et demanda doucement : - Alors vous sortez ensemble ? - Non. - Non ? - Elle ne m'a embrassé que sur la joue. - Ah. - Mais ça ne saurait tarder maintenant. Manu hocha la tête puis vint tapoter son dos : - Félicitation tombeur ! Rodrick renifla tout satisfait. Lola attrapa sa guitare pour la gratter et marmonna : - Après tout, tu fais ce que tu veux. Cela conclue la conversation, et ils jouèrent deux trois trucs pour eux, sans spectateur. xxx Shirley revint plusieurs fois les voir jouer. Tant qu'elle ne parlait pas, Lola la trouvait supportable, autrement elle avait envie de lui enfoncer un rouleau de papier toilette dans la bouche pour qu'elle se la ferme. Rodrick la trouvait adorable, fallait vraiment qu'il soit aveugle et bouché. Manu en général ne faisait pas de remarque. - C'était super aujourd'hui. Sourit Shirley quand ils eurent finis de jouer quelques morceaux. Lola haussa les épaules. Rodrick leva le nez en l'air tout fier. - Ce serait bien que vous vous amélioriez au fur à mesure. Lola s'imagina attrapant une baguette des mains de Rodrick et l'enfoncer dans les narines de cette fille. - Oui répondit Rodrick, mais c'est difficile on est déjà parfait. Shirley rit l'air un peu moqueur. Manu finit par s'énerver, il avait été très patient toutes les fois où elle était venue, mais ça suffisait - Si ça ne te plait pas, je ne vois pas pourquoi tu viens. On ne te force pas à être là. - Si, ça me plait, pourquoi est-ce que tu dis ça ? - A cause de tes remarques déplacées. - Je ne vois pas de quoi tu parles. Manu leva les bras en l'air, et les laissa retomber. Rodrick essaya de le calmer : - Manu, je ne pense pas qu'elle fasse de remarques déplacées, tu dois te tromper. - C'est ça je me trompe. Shirley dit : - J'ai l'impression que vous ne m'aimez pas beaucoup, pourtant je vous dis que j'aime ce que vous faites, je ne comprends pas ce que vous avez contre moi. Lola prit une grande inspiration : - J'ai besoin de prendre l'air, je sors. Et elle disparue derrière la porte. Manu réussit à dire : - On ne te déteste pas, désolé j'ai dû me tromper. Mais il sortit derrière Lola. - Ils sortent ensemble ces deux là ? Demanda Shirley. - Impossible. - Pourquoi ? - Lola a quelqu'un. - Et il ne t'es jamais venu à l'esprit qu'elle sortait peut-être avec Manu et faisait semblant d'avoir quelqu'un pour pas que tu le saches ? - Pourquoi ils me cacheraient ça ? - J'en sais rien. Peut-être pour se moquer de toi dans ton dos. Rodrick fronça les sourcils. - Non. Je ne pense pas. Manu et Lola sont vraiment cool. Si Lola a un truc à dire elle le fait. Manu est peut-être plus timide, mais il n'est pas le genre de personne à mentir. Je le connais depuis longtemps. - Si tu le dis. Je suis quand même déçue de leur comportement. - C'est parce qu'ils ne te connaissent pas biens, ils sont méfiants. Ne t'inquiète pas, ça leur passera. Shirley hocha finalement la tête, et retrouva le sourire. - Tu as raison. Je ne devrais pas me faire de soucis. Puis elle prit la main de Rodrick : - D'autant plus que tu es là toi. Et que tu m'aimes ? Rodrick acquiesça bêtement et ne sut pas quoi dire d'autres à part : - Oui, je t'aime. - Je le savais. Et elle l'embrassa sur la bouche. Rodrick avait pensé que ses pieds quitteraient le sol, mais finalement non. C'était un simple baiser. Mais Shirley l'embrassait, sur la bouche, wouhou. Il était vraiment content. A suivre. L'autatrice : un chapitre sur la chouette Shirley (que tout le monde adore aha).[Chapter 5] Prompt : Bon maintenant tu t'occupes de moi ! Chapitre 5 : Même que Rodrick est heureux d'avoir des amis comme Lola et Manu. Rodrick sortait donc avec Shirley. Shirley voulait le voir souvent en dehors des cours, du coup Rodrick passait moins de temps avec Lola et Manu. Rodrick était content d'être avec Shirley, de s'embrasser, tout ça, c'était cool. Mais Lola et Manu lui manquaient vachement quand même. Quand il était avec Shirley, il avait parfois envie de faire de la batterie, de se lâcher sur un rythme d'enfer et de tourner comme un fou ses baguettes entre ses doigts. Mais Shirley préférait qu'il utilise ses doigts pour les passer dans ses cheveux et ne voulait pas entendre parler de musique. - Il y a d'autres choses dans la vie Rodrick, que la musique, le Rock et ton groupe. Bien sûr, il y avait d'autres choses. Comme… Comme… L'eyeliner et les fringues trop cool ! - Je me suis dit que tu pourrais te relooker Rodrick, tu serais tellement cool avec une chemise. Puis le maquillage, c'est pour les filles, tu pourrais aussi te couper les cheveux plus courts et arrêter de te raser, tu serais carrément sexy. Rodrick n'était pas fou, il n'était pas prêt d'abandonner ses cheveux et ses tee-shirts pour une fille. Arrêter de se raser pourquoi pas ? Ça il s'en moquait. Il pouvait bien faire plaisir à Shirley si elle le désirait. Après tout, elle ne cessait de lui répéter que pour lui elle faisait toujours mille efforts. Elle se faisait belle pendant des heures pour lui plaire – mais selon Rodrick elle n'avait pas besoin de le faire, elle était jolie, point barre. Elle voyait moins ses amies pour lui, mais c'était pareil pour Rodrick. Et ses amis lui manquaient. Heureusement pendant le week-end il avait plus de temps, et ils rattrapaient le temps perdu. Au début Rodrick avait bien senti que Lola et Manu lui en voulaient un peu, ou peut-être que c'était lui qui s'en voulait à lui-même. Parce qu'il n'était pas capable de gérer son nouvel emploi du temps pour voir autant Shirley que Lola et Manu. Mais c'était passé, ils avaient fini par s'habituer à cette absence, à ce nouveau rythme, et puis ce qui comptait c'était qu'ils s'amusent toujours autant quand ils étaient ensemble. Ça n'avait pas changé ça. Sauf peut-être quand Shirley s'incrustait pendant les répétitions. Mais elle avait le droit d'être là, et comme ça, Rodrick pouvait être à la fois avec sa petite amie et ses amis. Ça aurait dû être cool, mais Lola ne supportait pas Shirley et faisait très peu d'effort envers elle, du coup ça finissait toujours par une Lola qui se barrait avant tout le monde et un Manu qui la suivait pour s'assurer que ça allait. - Au moins on est seuls, disait Shirley en embrassant Rodrick. Mais Rodrick aurait préféré être avec ses amis… xxx Les jours passaient, et Shirley finit par se plaindre : - Tu ne m'as pas présenté à tes parents. - Tu ne m'as pas présenté aux tiens, s'amusa Rodrick. - J'habite trop loin, je ne rentre même pas le week-end. - Tu veux que je te ramène chez moi ? - Oui. Rodrick fut surpris, parce que jusqu'à maintenant, chaque fois qu'il l'invitait à rentrer avec lui lors des week-ends où il retournait dans sa famille, elle avait toujours quelque chose d'autre à faire. - Comme tu veux. Il s'organisa donc un week-end pour présenter Shirley à ses parents et à ses frères. Il dut le faire en plusieurs fois, parce qu'à chaque fois Shirley avait finalement un imprévu. Mais au bout d'un moment, ce fut la bonne, et ils rentrèrent tous les deux dans la famille de Rodrick. Frank et Suzan l'accueillirent avec plaisir, enfin leur premier fils avait une petite amie, ils étaient ravis pour lui, ils posèrent un million de questions à Shirley, qui finit par soupirer, puis quand ils lui racontèrent quelques anecdotes sur Rodrick, elle se mit à bailler. Elle était fatiguée, le voyage avait été long, elle s'excusait. Bien sûr ils comprenaient, ils lui avaient préparé la chambre d'ami, elle pouvait aller s'y reposer. Shirley se retrouva seule avec Rodrick devant la chambre : - Sérieux, tes parents ne veulent pas qu'on dorme ensemble ? Ils sont super ringards ou quoi ? Rodrick était bien d'accord, ses parents étaient super ringards, et ils avaient été super chiants d'interroger comme ça Shirley, comme s'ils étaient des flics et elle l'accusée. - Ouais je sais, mais bon. Ce sont des parents. Shirley haussa les épaules et s'enferma dans la chambre d'ami. Rodrick rejoignit ses petits frères, après avoir fait tourner Manny dans ses bras, il donna une bourrade dans l'épaule de Greg. - Elle ressemble à Heather, fit Greg à propos de Shirley en se frottant l'épaule. - Pas du tout. - Oh que si. - Arrête, Shirley est hyper sympa et mignonne comme tout, et elle m'aime. Faut pas être jaloux parce que Holly est pas aussi cool qu'elle. Greg poussa un soupir, son frère aimait ce genre de filles après tout, peut-être parce qu'il leur ressemblait, parce que lui-même pouvait être vachement caractériel s'il le voulait, égoïste, prétentieux. Mais Greg avait grandi, et sa relation avec Rodrick n'avait fait que s'améliorer, et quand il y réfléchissait, il voyait bien que son frangin était surtout complètement taré, drôle, et gentil parfois. Et surtout, il était nul pour choisir ses copines. xxx Le week-end ne fut pas terrible. Shirley s'ennuyait, Rodrick n'arrivait pas à l'occuper. Shirley ne voulait pas jouer aux jeux vidéo avec Greg, elle parlait à peine à Manny « j'aime pas trop les gosses » , elle trouvait Frank et Susan complètement tarés (et si elle n'avait pas tort, elle ne faisait pas tellement d'efforts pour les supporter). En fait elle ne voulait que s'enfermer, embrasser Rodrick, et rien faire. - Il faut que tu t'occupes de moi Rodrick ! Rodrick voulait bien l'embrasser, mais il commençait à avoir mal à la bouche, puis lui à force de pas bouger, ça l'endormait, alors il se retrouva sur le canapé près d'elle, à piquer un roupillon. Ce qui vexa Shirley, qui lui fit la tête le reste du week-end. - Franchement je comprends rien aux filles, soupira Rodrick. - C'est parce que tu sais pas les choisir, lui répondit Greg. Rodrick ne dit rien. Il était amoureux de Shirley, il aimait être avec elle, elle était belle, et tout ça. Mais Manu et Lola lui manquaient trop. Avec eux, il se serait sûrement beaucoup plus amusé, ils auraient joué de la musique aussi. Ils auraient partagé ce qu'ils mangeaient, Manny aurait pu venir leur courir dans les jambes, Lola aurait trouvé des blagues à faire à Greg, et avec Manu ils auraient pu discuter pendant des heures, de tout, de rien, ou partager des silences qui étaient bien plus agréables que ceux de Shirley qui refusait de lui parler, parce qu'il ne la comprenait pas. xxx Quand le week-end prit fin, Rodrick en fut presque soulagé. Même s'ils arrivèrent tard, après avoir déposé Shirley, il fila directement chez Manu. Plutôt que de retourner dans sa chambre universitaire. Manu lui ouvrit, les cheveux tous décoiffés, pas de lunette sur le nez, et vêtu d'un simple caleçon et tee-shirt. - Rodrick ? - Hey… Je te réveille ? C'était plutôt évident que oui. Mais Manu ne fit pas de remarque, ouvrit la porte plus grande pour laisser entrer Rodrick. Il alla préparer des chocolats chauds, et mit des bouts de nougats sur une assiette. - Alors ton week-end ? - Pas terrible. Rodrick raconta son week-end à Manu, qui l'écouta attentivement, la fatigue étant partie, comme s'il n'avait jamais été endormi avant la venue de son ami. - Pas terrible, en effet, dit-il quand Rodrick eut fini de lui raconter. - C'est de ma faute, j'aurais pas dû m'endormir. Manu lui sourit : - Tu es capable de t'endormir partout et n'importe quand, je ne vois pas le problème. - Shirley n'a pas aimé ça. Manu haussa les épaules et but son chocolat. - Ne raconte pas ça à Lola, elle va péter un câble. Rodrick rit : - Tu m'étonnes. Je ne comprends pas pourquoi elle déteste tellement Shirley. Manu ne répondit pas à la question, sans doute qu'il ne savait pas non plus. - Tu peux dormir ici si tu veux, sourit Manu, je promets de ne pas te faire la tête après, ajouta-t-il malicieusement. Rodrick lui donna un petit coup d'épaule : - Merci mon pote. Mais ils ne dormirent pas tout de suite, ils se parlèrent, inventèrent des chansons sans queue ni tête, Manu chanta un peu en grattant sa basse, jusqu'à qu'un voisin tape contre le mur pour qu'il arrête son bordel. Ensuite ils furent plus silencieux, se gavèrent de bonbons tout en s'amusant à se dessiner des faux tatouages sur les bras. Cette soirée-là fut bien plus géniale que le week-end raté de Rodrick, même plus géniale que toutes les autres soirées avec Shirley réunies. - T'es tellement cool mec, je suis bien content que tu sois mon meilleur ami. - Moi aussi Rodrick. Finalement ils s'endormirent sans même s'en rendre compte, à moitié l'un sur l'autre dans le canapé. Et Manu ne fit pas la tête à Rodrick ensuite, comme promis. xxx Comme Shirley continuait de faire la gueule à Rodrick, il ne savait plus trop pourquoi, Rodrick passait plus de temps avec Manu et Lola et il se rendit compte que ça lui allait très bien. Il ne se plaignait même pas de voir moins Shirley. - Bizarre, je pensais que tu te précipiterais vers elle pour qu'elle te pardonne. - Je lui ai offert des fleurs, dit Rodrick, que j'avais cueilli moi-même. Elle les a jetés en disant que j'étais con et que je ne comprenais rien. - Tu avais laissé les racines aux fleurs ? - Ben oui, au moins elle pouvait les replanter comme ça… Lola éclata de rire et embrassa la joue de Rodrick : - Je t'adore, ne change jamais. Rodrick se frotta les cheveux, un peu gêné : - Okay si tu veux. Ils changèrent de sujet, et Rodrick se rendait compte à quel point il se sentait bien quand ils étaient tous les trois, sans Shirley pour venir les écouter. Elle ne lui manquait même pas… xxx Shirley se fatigua la première, elle recommença à parler à Rodrick. Elle avait envie de s'acheter une nouvelle robe. Et elle se demandait si Rodrick la trouvait jolie avec sa nouvelle coupe de cheveux (il la trouvait toujours jolie). Elle lui demanda pourquoi il s'était laissé pousser la barbe, que ça lui allait pas du tout, et Rodrick ne comprit pas parce que c'était elle qui avait voulu qu'il arrête de se raser en premier lieu. Elle lui parlait d'elle, de ses envies, ce genre de choses, mais plus elle parlait et moins Rodrick écoutait. Et moins il écoutait, et plus il avait envie d'être avec ses amis. xxx - Regarde ce que j'ai trouvé Rodrick, il faut absolument qu'on le fasse ! Manu venait de lui mettre un papier sous le nez, brûlant d'enthousiasme, encore plus que lui-même ou Lola quand ils étaient enthousiastes. Rodrick attrapa le papier pour mieux lire, il s'agissait d'une affiche qui proposait aux jeunes groupes de musique de participer à un concert pour la fête de la musique. - Genial ! Il faut absolument qu'on participe. Quand Lola arriva les deux garçons se jetèrent à moitié sur elle pour lui montrer la feuille, et il lui fallut quatre chewing-gum de Manu pour se calmer, et encore. - Oh bordel bordel, ça va être magnifique, on va briller les mecs ! - C'est clair ! S'extasia Rodrick. - On sera les meilleurs, renchérit Manu. Ils allèrent s'inscrire, puis Lola décida de fêter ça en allant dans un fast-food, où ils se gavèrent de mal bouffe. Rodrick recommanda pour la troisième fois une glace, alors que Manu se tenait le ventre : - Comment tu fais ? J'ai l'impression que je vais exploser. - C'est pour ça que tu es tout maigrichon, se moqua Rodrick. Lola regarda Manu et Rodrick : - Vous êtes tous les deux des brins d'herbe. Lola piqua une bouchée de la glace de Rodrick : - Toi aussi je te signale, lui lança-t-il. - Moi, tout va dans les seins ! Ils éclatèrent de rire. Ensuite ils allèrent s'entraîner et écrire des chansons jusqu'à quatre heures du matin. - Merde je dois rentrer. Finit par dire Lola en regardant son portable. Elle partie en vitesse, ça devait être son copain qui s'inquiétait pensa Rodrick. Il se tourna vers Manu : - On devrait rentrer aussi. Manu hocha la tête, mais ne bougea pas. Pas plus que Rodrick assit devant sa batterie, qui recommença à doucement taper un rythme. Tandis que Manu chantonnait une des chansons qu'ils avaient répétées. Vers cinq heures, ils étaient assis tous les deux contre le mur : - Je suis bien trop excité pour rentrer et dormir, on va avoir notre premier concert en tant que groupe. Dit Rodrick. - Ce n'est pas tout à fait le premier. Fit remarquer Manu. Rodrick hocha la tête : - C'est vrai que toi et moi on a déjà joué ensemble ! - Oui. - C'était fun. C'est dommage que tu es parti ensuite, t'imagine tout ce qu'on aurait pu faire ensemble si tu étais resté. Manu sourit : - Non, je n'imagine pas, dit-il. - Et bien moi, j'imagine. Si ça se trouve tu aurais fait partie des Löded Diper, sauf que toi tu serais resté. Et on aurait trouvé Lola ensuite. - Ça n'aurait pas tellement changé grand-chose, fit Manu en souriant. - Ça aurait changé qu'on n'aurait jamais été séparé. - C'est vrai… Rodrick tourna ses baguettes entre ses doigts : - Sérieux, tu m'as manqué. Je suis bien content de t'avoir retrouvé. Manu resta silencieux quelques secondes, avant de dire : - Tu m'as manqué aussi. Quand je t'ai reconnu … Je n'en revenais pas. C'est comme si le temps s'était plié, comme si… - Comme si ? - Je ne sais pas. J'avais une nouvelle chance. - Une nouvelle chance pour quoi ? - Pour jouer avec toi ? Tu n'as pas du tout changé en plus. - Tu n'as pas tellement changé non plus, tu manges toujours des tonnes de chewing-gum, tu adores toujours autant le rock et tu es toujours aussi gentil. Manu rit. Et Rodrick sourit : - Bref tu es toujours aussi cool. - Merci. Toi aussi. Rodrick hocha la tête, bailla, et sa tête tomba sur l'épaule de Manu. - Ouais super cool, marmonna-t-il. Deux secondes plus tard il s'endormait. Manu resta là un moment, puis il finit par s'allonger, entraînant Rodrick avec lui. Ils ne se réveillèrent pas assez tôt pour les cours du lendemain matin, décidèrent de pas y aller et jouèrent jusqu'à l'arrivée de Lola, jouèrent encore ensuite. Le soir Rodrick raccompagna Manu chez lui, et il s'endormit sur son canapé. À quoi bon avoir une chambre étudiante alors qu'il y dormait si peu… xxx - J'ai l'impression qu'on ne se voit plus, se plaignit Shirley. - Désolé, on doit répéter à fond pour être prêt pour la fête de la musique, on se verra plus après. Rodrick sourit à Shirley, elle devait comprendre que la musique et le groupe s'était sa passion. Il ne l'aimait pas moins, il avait juste un peu moins de temps à lui consacrer : - Et puis on se voit quasiment tout le temps en cours. - En cours ce n'est pas pareil Rodrick, on ne peut rien faire… - Moi je suis content rien que de te voir. - Et bien moi ça ne me suffit pas ! - Alors qu'est ce que tu veux que je fasse ? Shirley fronça les sourcils, et finit par dire : - J'aimerais que tu quittes le groupe. Rodrick la regarda les yeux écarquillés : - Tu n'es pas sérieuse ? - Si. Il éclata de rire : - Jamais je ne quitterai le groupe. Elle se mordit les lèvres, prit sa main et se fit toute mignonne, toute gentille. - Rodrick, pour moi. Ça ne va nulle part, tu ne crois quand même pas que tu pourras vivre comme ça ? Un jour il faudra grandir. Rodrick retira sa main : - Qu'est ce qui ne tourne pas rond chez toi Shirley ? Jamais je ne quitterai le groupe. Elle soupira, puis embrassa sa bouche : - D'accord, d'accord j'ai compris… Désolé. Il lui sourit, caressa sa joue : - T'inquiète pas, je t'aime et tout. - Je ne m'inquiète pas… Mais ça va être dur de passer moins de temps avec toi. - Ouais… C'est sûr. - Je sais pas si je vais pouvoir… - Mais si, tu verras, ça va passer vite. Ils restèrent quelques temps ensemble, puis Rodrick dut aller en répétition. Il lui proposa de venir avec lui, mais elle refusa. Tant pis. xxx Rodrick passait à nouveau beaucoup de temps avec Lola et Manu, et pas seulement pour réviser. Parfois ils allaient au cinéma simplement. Lola ne venait pas toujours, car elle passait du temps avec son copain (du moins c'est ce que supposait Rodrick quand elle disait ne pas pouvoir venir). - C'est bizarre, fit une fois Rodrick alors qu'ils étaient en pause après une longue répétition. - Qu'est ce qui est bizarre ? Demanda Manu. - Je ne pense pas du tout à Shirley, alors qu'avant je pensais tout le temps à elle. Lola ricana : - C'est parce qu'elle était inaccessible qu'elle te plaisait ! - Elle me plait toujours. - Bien sûr… - Si, elle est tellement belle, tellement parfaite. - Ouais ouais, se moqua Lola. Rodrick soupira et regarda vers Manu : - T'en pense quoi toi ? Manu évita son regard : - J'en sais rien Rodrick, c'est toi qui dois savoir. Rodrick tapa un rythme sur le sol avec ses baguettes : - Et bien je ne sais plus… Bon. On devrait recommencer à répéter. Il se leva et s'installa à la batterie, oublia cette conversation et s'éclata avec ses amis. xxx Un week-end ils allèrent tous ensemble chez Rodrick. Lola et Manu furent hyper bien accueillis. - T'as dit quoi à Shirley pour qu'elle te laisse partir ? Demanda Lola. - Rien. Elle n'est pas là du week-end, elle ne sait même pas que je rentrais. - Elle est où ? - Elle doit aider sa colloc, je ne sais pas trop. - Elle doit voir son amant, plaisanta Lola. Rodrick changea de couleur. - Non. Dit-il. - Mais non, Rodrick, destresse, c'était une blague. Elle est conne, mais je suis sûre qu'elle ne ferait pas ça. Ensuite, ils arrivèrent, alors Rodrick n'y pensa plus. Le week-end fut génial, comme prévu. Greg finit par appeler Lola « Rodrick bis », et elle le décoiffa : - C'est parce que je n'ai pas de mignon petit frère à embêter. - Et bien je regrette, mais moi j'ai déjà un grand frère, pas besoin d'avoir sa jumelle. Lola éclata de rire et lui pinça les joues. Mais elle n'arrêta pas de le taquiner pour autant. Rodrick du coup s'occupait de Manny, jouant à un jeu avec lui et Manu. - Tu es plus gentil que la copine de Rodrick, fit Manny. Rodrick acquiesça, plutôt d'accord : - En même temps, Manu est gentil. Trop gentil même. - C'est bien les gens gentils, dit Manny. - C'est bien vrai, en plus d'être gentil il est trop cool. - Oui ! Au fur à mesure de la conversation, Manu était devenu de plus en plus rouge. - Bon stop les compliments, vous deux, on joue. C'était un memory. Rodrick était nul au memory. Il oubliait systématiquement où était caché le deuxième éléphant, la première grenouille, et tout le reste. Même quand son frère ou Manu venaient de retourner la carte. - T'as aucune mémoire, t'es nul, se moqua Manny. Manu se marra puis finit par conseiller à Rodrick de faire comme si chacune des cartes étaient une chanson qu'il aimait. - Peut-être que si tu te représentes Highway to hell et Bohemian Rhapsody à la place des animaux, tu y arriveras. Rodrick tenta, et en deux minutes il retourna toutes les bonnes cartes. - Trop simple. Manu rit : - Dès que ça t'intéresse c'est beaucoup mieux. - C'est clair, mais le rock c'est génial ! Ils jouèrent aussi pas mal de musique, sortirent avec Greg et Manny, s'amusèrent bien. Lola et Rodrick se lancèrent des cacahuètes en essayant de les récupérer avec la bouche. Manu porta Manny sur son dos – et selon Manny, Manu était grand comme la tour Eiffel au moins. Lola et Manu s'entendaient très biens avec Frank et Susan, malgré leurs millions de questions. - Ouais tes vieux sont un peu ringards, dit-elle à Rodrick quand il demanda à Lola ce qu'elle en pensait, normal c'est des parents. Si tu voyais les miens. Manu hocha la tête, d'accord avec les paroles de Lola. - Okay, je vois. - Pourquoi tu demandes ça Rodrick ? - Pour rien. Rodrick n'avait pas raconté son week-end avec Shirley à Lola. Il lui avait juste vaguement dit que ça avait été chouette, pas plus. - Pour quelque chose, me ment pas Rodrick. - Je mens pas. - Tu sais pas mentir, Rodrick ! - Bon. Shirley a dit que mes parents étaient ringards, et elle avait totalement raison, c'est tout. Toi-même tu le dis. - Oui je le dis, fit Lola. Elle a fait quoi d'autre ? - Rien. Lola tourna les yeux vers Manu pour l'interroger : - Comment je pourrais le savoir ? Se défendit-il. - Genre ! Comme si Rodrick ne te racontait pas absolument tout ! Manu devint rouge et regarda un point ailleurs, en bafouillant un truc incompréhensible. - D'accord, d'accord, j'ai passé un week-end de merde avec Shirley, c'était chiant, elle voulait rien faire, elle n'aimait personne, elle voulait pas parler à Manny parce qu'elle aime pas les gosses, elle trouvait mes parents super nuls, et elle m'a fait la gueule parce que je m'étais endormi alors qu'elle voulait faire autre chose avec moi. Mais j'y peux rien moi, si on bouge pas, au bout d'un moment je suis fatigué ! - Et pourquoi tu me l'as pas dit ? - Parce que tu la détestes déjà assez comme ça. - Je vois. Okay. Bien joué. - Tu vois, j'ai bien fais de rien te dire. - Rodrick, pourquoi tu sors avec cette fille ? - Parce que je l'aime ! Lola ferma les yeux comme pour reprendre son calme et les rouvrit : - D'accord. Dis-moi ce que tu aimes chez elle. - Elle est belle, et super cool. - Oui ça on le sait. Autre chose ? - Ben… - Vos discussions ? Tu aimes la faire rire ? Ses goûts ? Le fait que vous ne vous ressemblez pas du tout ? - Je sais pas trop… - Rodrick, est-ce que tu es amoureux d'elle ou alors tu veux juste te trouver une copine parce que ça fait cool ? - Je l'aime. J'ai le cœur qui bat plus vite avec elle. - C'est de la tachycardie, pas de l'amour. - Alors c'est quoi pour toi l'amour ? Lola haussa les épaules : - Être bien avec la personne, partager des choses avec elle. - Je suis bien avec Shirley et on partage des trucs. - La bave ne compte pas ! Rodrick et Manu grimacèrent tous les deux et Lola leva les yeux au ciel. - Ouvre les yeux Rodrick, tu dis toi-même qu'elle ne te manque pas… - … - Peut-être que tu ne l'aimes pas autant que tu le voudrais, peut-être que t'as juste peur de pas l'aimer parce qu'enfin une fille veut bien sortir avec toi. - Pleins de filles veulent sortir avec moi. - J'en suis sûr Rodrick, mais tu ne cours qu'après les garces. - Alors je dois faire quoi ? - Trouver quelqu'un que tu aimes vraiment, et qui t'aime vraiment aussi. Manu finit par mettre une main sur l'épaule de Lola : - Arrête, c'est bon maintenant. Lui dit-il. - Mais… - Rodrick est assez grand pour savoir ce qu'il fait, ce n'est pas un gamin tu sais ? - Il est aveugle ! Manu regarda Rodrick et sourit : - C'est bien ça qu'on aime chez lui non ? Rodrick leur tira la langue : - Je suis pas aveugle ! Mais moi aussi je vous aime ! Lola leva les yeux au ciel et abandonna : - Okay okay, fais ce que tu veux ! On va pas se disputer pour cette fille, venez, ça m'a donné envie de jouer, ce débat. Manu et Rodrick lui sourirent, puis ils allèrent s'entraîner. xxx La veille de la fête de la musique, Rodrick était dans un état de nervosité aiguë tellement il brûlait d'impatience. Ils ne s'entraînèrent pas, c'est Lola qui ne voulu pas, parce qu'il fallait qu'ils restent chauds bouillants pour le lendemain. Ils se contentèrent donc de sortir se balader. Manu toussait un peu et Rodrick mit sa main sur son visage : - Eh mon pote ! Tu vas pas tomber malade hein ? - T'inquiète pas Rodrick, je vous lâcherai pas. Rodrick lui sourit, et retira sa main. Lola avait ce sourire en coin, que Rodrick connaissait sans savoir ce qu'il signifiait. Ils rentrèrent se coucher, pas trop tard. Pour une fois Rodrick dormit dans sa chambre universitaire. Son colloc, planait sur son propre lit. Rodrick lui sourit : - Demain tu vas venir au concert ? - Je sais pas, ça pourrait être cool. - Bien sûr que ce sera cool. - Alors je viendrai peut-être. Si je trouve mon chemin. - Tu veux un plan ? - Non man, mon chemin se fera dans la lumière ! - Euh… D'accord. Bon ben bonne nuit hein. Rodrick se coucha et aussitôt s'endormit. xxx Le lendemain il arriva deux heures en avance. Lola le rejoignit une demi heure plus tard et ils attendirent Manu, tout en discutant. - Ta copine va venir ? - Ouais, je l'ai invité et elle a dit qu'elle ne pourrait pas rater ça, sous aucun prétexte. - Génial, fit Lola sans le penser. Puis elle changea de sujet. Deux minutes avant le concert, Manu n'était toujours pas là et Rodrick et Lola se demandaient ce qu'il faisait. Ils avaient déjà essayé de l'appeler plusieurs fois, étaient tombés sur le répondeur. - Je vais le chercher, finit par dire Rodrick, ça ne ressemble pas à Manu. Lola hocha la tête, mais avant que Rodrick ne parte, Manu arriva en courant : - Désolé, je suis en retard, désolé désolé ! Rodrick lui sourit : - Non tu es pile à l'heure. Et ils montèrent sur scène. À suivre. L'autatrice : ça faisait super longtemps que j'avais pas posté la suite, désolé, désolé, un manque de motivation.[Chapter 6] Prompt : Tu ne cherches pas vraiment son secret. Chapitre 6 : Ce moment où Rodrick rend dingue Lola parce que bon sang mais il est aveugle c'est pas possible. C'est Lola qui commença à jouer, grattant des accords sur sa guitare. Rodrick suivit ensuite avec Manu sur sa basse. Puis Manu se mit à chanter. Ils étaient tous les trois tellement à fond, que le public suivit naturellement. Tant pis si ce n'était pas parfait, tant pis si ce n'était pas le groupe de l'année, leur enthousiasme était tel qu'on ne pouvait qu'aimer ce qu'ils faisaient. Rodrick n'avait pas oublié l'Eye-liner, bien entendu. Et pendant une pause quelqu'un cria que le chanteur était super sexy. Rodrick cria encore plus fort « ben ça c'est bien vrai » . Manu rougit, Lola éclata de rire, et ils entamèrent un autre morceau. Caché derrière sa batterie, Rodrick ne pouvait pas voir si Shirley était venue, mais elle était sûrement là, puisqu'elle l'avait promis. Soudain une fille monta sur la scène, et Rodrick fronça les sourcils, se demandant qui c'était. Lola arrêta de jouer un instant, attrapa la fille, une grande blonde aux cheveux super longs, et l'embrassa, comme ça, devant tout le monde. Rodrick resta la bouche grande ouverte, tandis que ses mains continuaient à taper le rythme toutes seules. Mais… Mais… Alors « le copain » de Lola, était en fait une copine ? Rodrick n'y avait jamais pensé. Que Lola soit lesbienne, qu'elle ait une petite amie. Ça ne l'avait jamais frôlé, même pas un peu. Il était à des milliers de kilomètres de ça. Mais hormis la surprise, ça ne le dérangeait pas. Ça ne changeait rien du tout. Lola était Lola et c'était tout. Rodrick sourit, fit un clin d'œil à Lola, puis continua de jouer son morceau. Il avait tellement été concentré sur ce qu'il se passait, qu'il n'avait pas remarqué que Manu avait arrêté de chanter. Il finit par tourner les yeux vers son meilleur ami, pour se rendre compte que celui-ci était plié en deux. Rodrick lâcha tout, et couru vers Manu. - Eh mon pote, qu'est ce qui t'arrive ? Manu toussait, Rodrick posa sa main sur son front qui était brûlant. - C'était pour ça que tu étais en retard ? Tu es malade ? - Désolé. - Mais t'es fou, fallait pas venir. - Je pouvais pas rater ça… Je pouvais pas te faire faux bond. Rodrick secoua la tête : - C'est un concert Manu, on en fera d'autres, mais il n'y a qu'un Manu ! Lola s'était rapprochée, elle avait arrêté de jouer aussi, elle était toujours avec sa petite-amie. - Qu'est ce qu'il se passe, tu vas pas bien Manu ? - Il a de la fièvre. - Faut l'emmener à l'infirmerie. Lola prit le micro « désolé les gens, notre merveilleux chanteur est malade, on vous laisse » . Puis avec l'aide de Rodrick, ils soulevèrent Manu et l'emmenèrent à l'infirmerie prévue pour ce genre d'événement. Un médecin prit en charge Manu. Pendant qu'il l'auscultait, Rodrick fit la connaissance de Jade. Plus timide que Lola, elle restait drôle et gentille, elle s'accrochait à la main de sa copine et semblait très fière de se tenir à côté d'elle. C'était plutôt mignon. Il donna un petit coup d'épaule à Lola : - Alors tu m'avais caché ça. - Je t'ai rien caché du tout, c'est toi qui es bouché Rodrick. Manu avait compris depuis très longtemps. - Ah ouais ? - Ouais. Et si tu ouvrais les yeux, tu verrais qu'il y a d'autres choses que tu rates. - Comme quoi ? Lola montra ses yeux : - Ouvre les yeux, et tu sauras. Jade souriait. - Je suis contente de te rencontrer enfin Rodrick, Lola m'a beaucoup parlé de toi. - Ah bon. Tu joues de la musique Jade ? - Pas du tout, rit-elle. - C'est un autre genre d'artiste, elle dessine. Expliqua Lola. - Oh c'est cool, sourit Rodrick. - Merci. Quelques minutes plus tard, ils purent récupérer Manu. Avec une ordonnance, et l'ordre pour le garçon d'aller se coucher et de rester au calme. - Tu devrais rester Rodrick, si Shirley est là, elle va te chercher. Fit Manu. Rodrick regarda vers Lola et Jade. - Non, je vais te raccompagner, Shirley comprendra. Lola hocha la tête : - Exactement. On va te ramener Manu. Ils allèrent s'entasser dans la camionnette, après avoir rangé les instruments. Lola et Jade restèrent à l'arrière, tandis que Manu monta devant avec Rodrick qui conduisait. Habituellement, Rodrick était une catastrophe au volant, mais cette fois-ci il faisait attention, inquiet pour Manu. Il n'arrêtait pas de lui demander si ça allait, et laissa Lola aller acheter les médicaments quand il s'arrêta devant la pharmacie. Rodrick pendant ce temps reposa sa main sur le front de Manu. Jade derrière dit en souriant : - Vous êtes mignons tous les deux. - Merci, répondit Rodrick sans faire attention à ce qu'elle disait. Manu rougit, et Rodrick toucha ses joues : - Tu deviens rouge, tu as trop chaud ? Trop froid ? Tu vas tenir le coup ? - Ça va Rodrick, ne t'inquiète pas. Lola remonta dans le véhicule, et Rodrick redémarra. Accélérant quand même un peu, pressé de mettre Manu dans son lit pour qu'il se repose. Une fois devant le bâtiment, Lola aida une nouvelle fois Rodrick à emmener Manu jusqu'à son appartement. Puis ils le couchèrent. Rodrick posa quatre couvertures sur Manu, pour pas qu'il ait froid. - Rodrick, j'étouffe, il fait trop chaud. Rodrick enleva toutes les couvertures. Lola roula des yeux et poussa Rodrick : - Pousse-toi de là tu fais n'importe quoi. Lola s'occupa d'enlever les chaussures de Manu, et sa chemise, puis elle posa une seule couverture sur lui. Ensuite elle le fit s'asseoir et l'aida à prendre ses médicaments avec un verre d'eau qu'avait préparé Jade. Rodrick se sentait complètement inutile alors qu'il voulait aider Manu. - Si tu veux vraiment l'aider, lui dit Lola, tu restes avec lui et tu veilles sur lui. Interdiction de bouger tant qu'il ne va pas mieux. - Okay, pas de problème. Lola sourit à Rodrick, décoiffa Manu : - Remet toi vite ! Puis attrapa la main de Jade et quitta la chambre. Rodrick les suivit : - Vous ne restez pas ? - Manu a besoin d'être tranquille, et tu seras là pour veiller sur lui, tout ira bien. - Euh… D'accord. Lola lui sourit, dit au revoir, Jade aussi, et elles sortirent de l'appartement. Rodrick retourna vers Manu. - Tu n'es pas obligé de rester, dit-il. - Je vais pas te laisser. Je vais veiller sur toi mec. Manu eut un petit sourire, et ferma les yeux, prêt à s'endormir. - Merci. Rodrick resta avec lui, il s'ennuyait ferme. Comme il n'avait rien à faire, il commença à s'endormir lui-même sur sa chaise. Pas vraiment confortablement mais comme il dormait de toute façon… xxx - …ck… drick… Rodrick… Rodrick entendait vaguement qu'on l'appelait. - Il y a un concert des AC/DC à la télé, tu vas rater ça. Rodrick se réveilla en sursaut, failli faire basculer la chaise où il était assis. - Quoi ? Quand ? AC/DC vraiment ? Je ne peux pas rater ça. Ses yeux tombèrent sur Manu qui lui souriait. - Désolé, c'était un mensonge, mais tu ne te réveillais pas… Tu as dormi quasiment toute la journée… - Ah. Désolé. Je devais veiller sur toi et j'ai dormi, je suis le pire garde malade du monde. Manu rit. - Non tu es très bien. Je me sens beaucoup mieux. Rodrick se pencha et posa sa main sur le front de Manu, qui était beaucoup moins chaud. - C'est vrai ça. Tu veux que je te cuisine un truc ? - Tu sais cuisiner toi ? - Hm. Non pas vraiment. Tu risques de te retrouver avec un plat complètement cramé. Manu rit. - Je peux me lever, ça ira. - Sûr ? - Oui. Rodrick hocha alors la tête et Manu se leva. Il attrapa sa chemise pour se la remettre sur le dos, puis se dirigea vers la cuisine, suivit de Rodrick. - Alors tu savais pour Jade ? Demanda Rodrick. - Oui. - Pourquoi tu m'as rien dit ? - C'était pas à moi de t'en parler. Et Lola n'était pas très discrète à ce sujet tu sais, j'en reviens pas que tu n'ais pas compris. Tu es naïf ! Rodrick fit la moue : - Ouais. Bon. Je suis peut-être un peu naïf. Manu rit, tout en préparant à manger pour les deux. - Lola m'a dit que je devais ouvrir les yeux, parce qu'il y avait autre chose que je n'avais pas vu, tu sais de quoi elle parle ? Manu avala sa salive de travers et s'étouffa avec. Inquiet Rodrick vint gentiment lui taper le dos. - Tu es sûr que ça va ? - Oui… Désolé… ça va… Rodrick laissa sa main sur le dos de Manu, qui inspira à fond, puis se remit à la cuisine. Rodrick finit par se reculer. - Alors ? - Non. Je ne sais pas. Je suis pas sûr. J'en sais rien. Demande à Lola. - Elle veut pas me répondre ! Manu haussa les épaules et resta silencieux. Rodrick essaya de réfléchir, mais rien ne lui venait à l'esprit. - Tu crois qu'elle pense que Shirley est aussi lesbienne, ou un truc comme ça ? - Non Rodrick, sourit Manu. - En plus elle sort avec moi donc bon… - Oui en plus. Même si tu sais, certaines personnes se mentent. - Je vois pas pourquoi, c'est bête non ? Elles devraient vivre comme elles en ont envie. Manu regarda Rodrick, avec une certaine tendresse. - T'es un type bien Rodrick. Rodrick se sentit bizarre, et baissa les yeux : - Euh... Ouais… Si tu le dis. Il resta un peu silencieux ensuite, Manu finit de cuisiner et servis le repas. Lui et Rodrick mangèrent ensemble. - Je suis désolé pour le concert… - C'est rien mon pote je t'ai dis, on en fera d'autres, et on sera encore meilleur crois moi ! - C'est sûr ! On va tous les rendre fous. - Mais ouais et t'auras pleins de gens pour te crier que tu es incroyablement sexy ! Manu rit un peu. - Toi aussi à mon avis. C'est parce qu'ils ne te voyaient pas bien. - Tu es entrain de me dire que je suis sexy, s'amusa Rodrick persuadé que Manu allait rire encore plus. La réaction fut toute autre, Manu rougit et se mordit la langue. Rodrick était aussitôt près de lui pour prendre sa température. - Ça va ? - Oui. Oui Rodrick ça va très bien. Arrête de t'inquiéter, je ne vais pas m'écrouler ! Je ne suis pas si fragile. - Je sais, mais… Je veux que tu ailles bien. - Je vais très bien. C'est bon. Va te rasseoir. Rodrick hocha la tête, et retourna se mettre à sa place. Il y eut un petit silence, Manu jouait avec sa nourriture plutôt que de la manger, puis finalement il dit : - Rodrick… Je dois te dire quelque chose. - Oui quoi ? - Tu promets de pas me détester ? - Trop facile, promis juré craché, je ne te détesterai jamais. Manu rit. - Y a forcément des trucs pour lesquels tu me détesterais ! - Non ! - Si je te disais que je sortais avec Shirley ? Rodrick fronça les sourcils : - Tu sors avec Shirley ? - Non. Mais si je te disais ça ? - Tu ne ferais pas ça, c'est pas ton truc. Je te fais confiance. Manu se passa une main dans les cheveux : - Rodrick… Vraiment… Tu es impossible. - Alors, qu'est ce que tu voulais me dire ? - Et bien je suis… Le téléphone de Rodrick sonna à cet instant. Rodrick regarda le numéro. - C'est Shirley, attend dix secondes ! Rodrick décrocha. Sa petite amie lui demandait où il était, ce qu'il faisait. - Je suis avec Manu là, tu étais au concert ? - Non désolé, pas pu venir. - Ah … Tu avais promis que tu viendrais. - Ouais ben j'avais d'autres trucs à faire, je t'ai dit que j'étais désolé ! Tu peux venir là ? - Non. - Quoi ? - Non je ne peux pas venir, je t'ai dit que j'étais avec Manu. - Et alors ? C'est pas ta petite amie lui à ce que je sache. - Non mais c'est mon meilleur ami et il compte pour moi ! - Plus que moi ? - Bien sûr plus que toi ! Shirley grogna : - Je le savais que t'étais pas net, mais en plus t'es pédé. Je suis sorti avec toi juste parce que mon ex m'a largué et que je me disais que s'il me voyait avec un autre mec ça le rendrait fou, mais t'es franchement pas utile si tu peux pas venir quand j'en ai besoin. Allez salut ! Et elle raccrocha. Rodrick resta pendu à son téléphone et regarda Manu en changeant de couleur. - Elle… Je… Putain… - Qu'est ce qu'il y a Rodrick ? Rodrick sentit les larmes lui monter aux yeux. Pas tant parce qu'il venait de se faire larguer que parce qu'il venait de comprendre que Shirley ne l'aimait pas, même pas un peu. Elle s'était juste servie de lui. Alors qu'une larme se mit à couler sur sa joue, Manu était déjà près de lui et posait sa main sur sa joue. - Dis-moi. - Shirley s'est servie de moi pour rendre jaloux son ex voila… - Sérieusement ? - Oui. Si tu le dis à Lola elle va péter un câble. - Elle aura raison, moi aussi j'ai envie de péter un câble là, s'énerva Manu. - Laisse, ce n'est pas grave, je l'ai bien mérité. - Bien sûr que non Rodrick ! - Tout le monde me disait de me méfier, mais moi j'étais sûr qu'elle était gentille, et belle et cool et… Manu attrapa Rodrick pour qu'il vienne dans ses bras. - Dis pas n'importe quoi, t'es nul pour choisir les filles c'est vrai, mais tu ne mérites pas que cette garce te fasse ça. - Le pire c'est que je ne suis même pas triste qu'elle vienne de rompre. Juste… Je suis nul pour choisir les filles, comme tu dis. Rodrick sentit la main de Manu dans ses cheveux, c'était agréable. - T'inquiète pas Rodrick, je suis sûr et certain que tu vas finir par trouver quelqu'un de bien. - Ouais. - Et cette personne viendra à tous tes concerts ! - Certainement. Ils restèrent comme ça l'un contre l'autre, avant que Rodrick se reprenne et se recule : - Tu voulais me dire quelque chose ? Manu soupira, puis fit un geste de la main : - Laisse tomber c'était pas important. J'ai oublié c'était quoi. Rodrick lui sourit : - Tu me diras quand ça te reviendra. - Ouais. xxx Ce soir là, ils restèrent tous les deux à manger des cochonneries devant la télévision, puis Manu aida Rodrick à écrire une chanson qui comparait Shirley à une grosse limace baveuse. Ils se marrèrent bien. Manu n'était plus du tout malade, la fièvre était partie comme elle était venue. Mais ils ne se couchèrent pas trop tard non plus, Rodrick ne voulait pas qu'elle revienne. Rodrick squatta le lit de Manu sans gêne : - C'est pas comme si c'était la première fois qu'on dormait ensemble. - Euh ouais… Effectivement. De toute façon Manu ne put pas vraiment débattre, parce que Rodrick s'endormit quasiment tout de suite. xxx - Je vais la butter cette sale grognasse ! S'exclama Lola quand elle sut la vérité sur Shirley. - Calme toi Lola, ça n'en vaut pas la peine ! Fit Rodrick. - Putain, je savais qu'elle n'était pas claire. Je le savais. J'aurais dû lui casser la gueule dès la première fois que je l'ai vu. Rodrick savait que s'il en parlait à Lola elle allait s'énerver, mais bon ça ne servait à rien de lui cacher. - C'est rien, je m'en suis remis. Manu était là, tout va bien. Lola regarda vers Manu, tout de suite plus calme. - Oooh, Manu t'as consolé ? - Oui. - Oooooooh… Rodrick sourit, et donna un coup d'épaule à Manu pour montrer qu'il était le meilleur, puis il changea de sujet : - Au fait Lola, tu m'as toujours pas dis ce que je devais voir - Tu ne réfléchis pas assez pour trouver ça Rodrick, pourtant crois moi c'est sous ton nez. Rodrick loucha puis dit : - Sous mon nez j'ai ma bouche. Lola roula des yeux et Rodrick éclata de rire. - Je donne ma langue au chat Lola, tu ne veux pas me donner un indice ? - Non, débrouille toi ! Rodrick tourna les yeux vers Manu : - Et toi ? Manu lui donna une pichenette : - Bon allons jouer, dit-il en se levant. Rodrick acquiesça puis s'installa derrière sa batterie, tandis que Lola prenait sa guitare. Ils répétèrent pour leur prochain concert. Lola avait réussi à leur en trouver un autre, avec l'aide de Jade. Apparemment le nouveau copain de la tante de Jade tenait un bar, et il cherchait un groupe pour faire un peu de musique. La tante avait proposé à Lola, et voilà. - Jade est une fille géniale et sa tante une grande dame, avait conclue Rodrick quand il avait su. - Ouais je sais choisir mes copines moi, avait plaisanté Lola (et c'était là que Rodrick lui avait annoncé pour Shirley). En tout cas cette fois-ci, ils allaient fait un super concert, c'était sûr et certain. xxx À la fac, Rodrick ignora Shirley, elle fit de même de son côté. Ce n'était pas plus mal. Shirley ne manquait pas du tout à Rodrick, il n'avait pas menti finalement, ses amis comptaient plus qu'elle pour lui. Lola et Manu étaient bien plus importants. Il n'était pas pressé de retrouver une autre fille, cette histoire l'avait un peu calmé. Rodrick avait peut-être fini par évoluer… - Oh mon dieu elle est trop belle cette fille, je suis amoureux… Ou pas. Rodrick venait de voir une fille du bar où ils allaient jouer. C'était un copié coller d'une Heather-Shirley, et Lola lui mit une baffe à l'arrière du crâne : - Mauvaise pioche, abruti ! Rodrick tourna les yeux vers Manu pour avoir son avis, ce dernier hésita puis attrapa la manche de Rodrick : - Non. Elle n'est pas faite pour toi Rodrick. - Bon dans ce cas, okay, elle ne doit pas être faite pour moi. - Tu écoutes vraiment mon avis ? - Et bien… Ouais. Je crois. - D'habitude tu n'écoutes jamais l'avis de personne. - Ben faut croire que c'était une erreur. Manu lui sourit. - Allez viens, lui dit Rodrick, allons faire brûler les planches de ce bar par notre trop bonne musique. Lola s'était déjà éloignée, et Rodrick entamait la marche pour la rejoindre, mais Manu, qui n'avait pas lâché sa manche le tira : - Attends. Attends Rodrick ! J'ai un truc à te dire. - Quoi ? Manu prit une inspiration. - Je… Je… Rodrick je suis… - Hey salut les garçons… C'était la fille Heather-Shirley qu'avait remarqué Rodrick en entrant. Mais elle ne le regardait pas lui, elle regardait Manu. - Salut, soupira Manu. - T'es plutôt mignon, ça te dirait que je t'offre un verre ? - Non… Je… J'étais… Rodrick regarda Manu et la fille. Son ami rougissait, bafouillait, est-ce que l'Heather-Shirley lui plaisait ? Peut-être qu'il voulait aller boire un verre avec elle ? La réaction logique était de l'aider, de le pousser vers la fille, mais Rodrick réagit tout autrement, ne comprenant pas lui-même ce qu'il lui prit, il tira sur le main de Manu et lança d'un ton hyper rêche à la fille : - Désolé mais on doit aller jouer, salut ! Et il entraîna Manu à sa suite. Celui-ci suivit sans trop de difficulté. Manu finit par l'arrêter : - Attend Rodrick… - Quoi ? Tu veux aller la rejoindre ? Je t'ai empêché de boire un verre avec cette superbe fille, je ne sais pas pourquoi j'ai fait ça, mais on n'a pas le temps ! - Non… Je… Ce que je voulais te dire, je ne te l'ai pas dit. - Evidemment puisque tes yeux étaient rivés sur la belle blonde magnifique. - Rodrick … - Donc forcément tu ne pouvais pas me dire ce que tu avais à me dire ! Manu resta silencieux alors que Rodrick s'énervait tout seul sans savoir pourquoi au juste est-ce qu'il s'énervait autant. Quand il se calma un peu, Manu demanda : - Rodrick, est-ce que… - Quoi ? - Tu es jaloux ? - Non. Manu sourit. - Evidemment non. - Tu m'as dit que cette fille était un mauvais choix, alors pourquoi je serais jaloux de toi ? - Je ne parlais pas d'être jaloux de moi. Mais jaloux d'elle. Rodrick ouvrit la bouche, puis les mots finirent par l'atteindre, et il écarquilla ses yeux. - Euh… … Je… Je ne sais pas, je ne crois pas, ce serait bizarre… - Rodrick, écoute moi, ce que je dois te dire. - Oui ? - Je suis gay. - Tu… - Oui, j'aime les garçons. Tu comprends ? Lola aime les filles et moi les garçons. C'est pour ça qu'elle te disait que tu étais aveugle. Donc cette fille ne m'intéresse pas du tout. Je t'ai dit que j'étais peut-être amoureux de quelqu'un d'autre. - … - Rodrick… Tu ne me détestes pas n'est ce pas ? Rodrick secoua la tête : - Bien sûr que non, je ne te déteste pas ! Pourquoi je te détesterais ? Est-ce que je déteste Lola ? Non ! Tu es mon meilleur ami, tes préférences ne change rien pour moi. - Je… Oui. Ton meilleur ami. Bien sûr. Manu baissa la tête : - Bon allons-y. - Oui ! On va gérer ce soir ! - Bien sûr ! Ils rejoignirent finalement Lola, et Rodrick lui glissa à l'oreille : - Ça y est ! Je sais. - Et ? - Et quoi ? - Quoi et quoi ? Tu as fait quoi ? - Ben rien, je lui ai dit que je ne le détestais pas puisque c'était mon meilleur ami. - Qu'est ce que tu sais au juste ? - Qu'il est gay, et amoureux de quelqu'un. - Oui et ? - Et quoi ? Lola se prit la tête entre ses mains : - Oh bon sang Rodrick ! Ouvre les yeux ! Ouvre les une bonne fois pour toute ! Réfléchis, avec qui Manu traîne tout le temps ? - Toi et moi ! - Surtout toi oui ! Alors de qui est-ce qu'il pourrait être amoureux ? - Comment je peux le savoir moi ? Peut-être d'un type de ses cours. - NON Rodrick ! Réfléchis. Rodrick essaya de réfléchir. Mais c'était trop tard, il devait entrer sur scène. Lola attrapa sa guitare en ronchonnant, Manu était déjà sur scène et sourit à Rodrick en le voyant arriver. Et Rodrick compris. Il s'assit derrière sa batterie. Il joua, s'éclata à fond, foutu le feu à la scène. Avec l'aide de Lola et Manu qui géraient à fond. Mais quelque chose travaillait à fond dans sa tête. Manu. Manu avec qui il s'éclatait à fond, Manu qui lui donnait des bonbons, Manu avec qui il parlait des heures, leurs têtes presque collées pour écrire une chanson, les sourires de Manu, son omniprésence, s'endormir près de lui, se réveiller près de lui, Manu tellement gentil, drôle, et qui avait tellement de goût en commun avec lui. Bon sang. Manu avec qui il était tellement bien, et avec qui il y avait tellement de choses à partager. Rodrick leva la tête de sa batterie, sans s'arrêter de jouer, il regarda Manu. En train de chanter, de jouer, de se donner à fond. Exactement comme lui et comme Lola. Manu passionné. Manu qui l'aidait avec ses devoirs. Manu qui rougissait sans que Rodrick puisse exactement s'expliquer pourquoi. C'était clair, évident. Manu se retourna vers lui alors qu'il était entrain de chanter, et leurs regards s'accrochèrent. Rodrick lui sourit, Manu lui rendit son sourire. Et pendant un moment il n'y eu plus qu'eux deux et la musique. Manu finit par se retourner et le monde réapparu. Rodrick eut envie de rire, et tapa sur sa batterie de plus belle, remplis de joie et pas seulement parce que le rock c'était ultra cool. À la fin du concert, ils se présentèrent tous les trois au public qui les applaudirent. Ils avaient réussi à chauffer les gens qui s'étaient enthousiasmés pour ce qu'ils avaient joué. Et tandis qu'on les applaudissait, Rodrick attrapa la main de Manu et noua ses doigts aux siens. Manu resserra ses doigts sur ceux de Rodrick. Pas besoin de se regarder pour savoir qu'ils souriaient tous les deux, qu'ils étaient dans un autre monde. Ils saluèrent le public, sans se lâcher. Il n'y avait rien à ajouter… Fin. L'autatrice : oui ça se finit un peu brusquement comme fic mais je voulais quelque chose d'assez simple et pas forcément un gros roulage de pelle baveux. J'espère que cette fic vous aura plu, si quelqu'un ici la lit. ","Summary":" Titre : Les tribulations de Rodrick Autatrice : lasurvolte (de pseudo) ou mari (mais vous pouvez m'"},{"Movie":"Up","Title":"Russell","Author":"mathesonben0","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13063996","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A 30-year old man enters a house and puts his keys down. He is all depressed and sad. He walks up to his room. When he is in his room he takes off his work clothes and changes into more comfortable clothing. Then he walks over to a picture of him as a little boy standing next to an old man with a cane. Tears start flowing from his eyes \"Well Mr. Fredricksen. My adventures haven't been that great.\" A dog runs up to his room. It jumps into the man's lap and starts licking him. \"Hello boy.\" \"Hi master!\" The dog says. \"Doug, you're voice box isn't working again.\" The man fixes the voice collar. \"Russell! Dinner's ready!\" \"Coming sweetie.\" Russell places the photo of him and Mr. Fredricksen next to a scrapbook that says \"My Adventure Book.\" Russell comes down for dinner. \"How was work sweetie?\" \"Oh the usual.\" \"You can't keep being like this. I know it's hard since-, well you know what.\" Russell takes his food and goes to his room. His wife just looks at Doug. \"What can I do to help him?\" \"Oh I know!\" \"That was a rhetorical question Doug!\" Russell just jumps onto his bed and lies there staring up at the ceiling.[Chapter 2] 18 Years Ago A phone starts ringing. Russell goes and picks it up. \"Is this Russell?\" \"Yeah, who is this?\" Russell asks. \"I am Dr. Williams. I am calling on behalf of Carl Fredricksen. He told me to call you.\" Russell drops the phone. \"I will be right over there soon.\" Russell rushes to his stepmom. \"Mr. Fredricksen is in the hospital. Can we go to the hospital and see him?\" \"Oh my gosh of course.\" Russell's stepmom grabs the keys. On his way to the car, Russell grabs a book on a shelf. Russell's mom drives as fast as she can to the hospital. Russell sprints through the hallways, nearly tripping a doctor. \"Sorry,\" Russell tells the doctor. Russell rushes into the room where Carl is being held. \"Are you alright Mr. Fredricksen? Can I provide any assistance?\" \"No thank you Russell I am fine. The doctors are taking good care of me. Come here. Do you still have that scrapbook that I gave you of our adventures?\" Russell pulls out a scrapbook and hands it to Carl. Carl looks at it smiling. Tears start to fall out of his eyes. He reaches for Russell's hand and places it on the book. \"It has been a wonderful journey watching you grow up and I couldn't ask for a better son.\" Russell starts crying. \"It's been nice for me too Mr. Fredricksen.\" Mr. Fredricksen reaches for Russell's face and wipes the tears off of his eyes. \"Now now. No tears please.\" \"Please don't leave Mr. Fredricksen.\" \"I don't want to go either but death is an adventure that we all have to take. We just need to have the courage to take it.\" Carl wraps his arms around Russell and hugs him. \"Thank you for the adventure. Now go have your own.\" ","Summary":" A 30-year old man enters a house and puts his keys down. He is all depressed and sad. He walks up t"},{"Movie":"Up","Title":"Emma Jean","Author":"QueenAlicorn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12393766","Passage":"[Chapter 1] emma jean Disclaimer: I own nothing, not even this theory. Chapter 1, \"Carl, Hey, Carl.\" Ellie called as she rushed over to Carl. \"Hi, Ellie, how are you?\" Carl asked and Ellie smiled. \"Well, I'm just fine, I was at the library to check out this book, and guess what I found?\" She asked and Carl smiled. \"What's that?\" He asked. \"Well, remember that picture I have in the adventure book. The picture that I ripped out of a library book. They still have that book, isn't that just the neatest thing?\" She asked and Carl nodded. \"Yep, it's pretty cool. Although, I suppose there is a chance that they can't afford to buy a new copy of that particular book.\" He said and Ellie gave a slightly nervous chuckle. \"So, Carl. Do you want to head down to the malt shop and have split an egg-cream?\" Ellie asked and Carl thought about this. \"That sounds fun, but don't you need to be at the zoo today?\" Carl asked and Ellie nodded. \"Yeah, but not for a while. Besides, ever since I got that job, we just don't spend as much time together, like we use to.\" She said and Carl nodded. \"Well, that's true. But you have your job at the zoo and I have my job delivering the paper. We should try to hang out more.\" Carl said. \"So we're going to the malt shop?\" Ellie asked and Carl smiled. \"Alright, let me just go inside and drop off my school stuff.\" Carl said and Ellie blinked. She hadn't even noticed the fact that they were in front of the Fredricksen's house. \"Alright, want me to go with you?\" She asked and Carl laughed. \"I think I'll be fine.\" Carl said and he ran inside. He saw his mom taking muffins out of the oven and he walked over to her. \"Hi, mom, I'm just dropping off my stuff.\" Carl said and she looked over at him. \"I'm guessing that you are going to spend some time with that Ellie girl?\" She asked and Carl nodded. \"Yes, and afterwards I will stop by the paper. I'm hoping that they will let me roll some of tomorrows paper tonight, instead of tomorrow morning.\" Carl said and his mother looked at him. He couldn't tell if she was bored or disapproved, but she said nothing. \"Um, can I take a few muffin's please.\" He asked and she nodded. \"I have a batch on the table that is still warm. Blueberry, your favorite.\" She said simply and Carl smiled. \"Thanks mom.\" He said grabbing a cloth and placing a few muffin's within it. \"I do hope you two aren't going to spend anymore time in that decrepit building. The good lord knows that two children shouldn't spend time in a place like that. Especially since you keep breaking yourself there.\" She said and Carl stared at her. \"Mother, we aren't going to the house. Just the malt shop and then the paper.\" He said and she walked towards her sink. \"Well, perhaps not today, but what about tomorrow? Or the next day? Or the next day?\" She said and Carl paused. \"There is just something special about that house, mom. It's difficult for me to explain.\" He said and his mother scoffed. \"Go, if you leave now then you'll have plenty of time to roll the paper.\" She said and Carl left. \"Hey, buddy, how was your mom?\" Ellie asked when she saw him. \"Oh, you know. Same as she always is.\" Carl said and Ellie smiled. \"You know, after you left I realized that I forgot to ask you to tell her that I said hi. But I suppose that she has heard me say 'hi' so many times, that it doesn't make much difference if I forget to ask you to say 'hi' once or twice.\" Ellie said and Carl nodded. At the malt shop, Carl gave Ellie a muffin and she smiled. \"Awe, that's sweet. Thank You.\" Ellie said and she took a big bite. \"Heh, you know, I just realized that your always so happy when you eat. It's kind of attractive.\" Carl said and Ellie stared at him with large eyes that made him blush. \"Um, generally speaking of course.\" He said before quickly taking out a muffin and taking a bite to keep himself quiet. Ellie smiled and giggled softly which made Carl raise an eyebrow. \"What?\" He asked, accidentally spewing crumbs unto the table. \"Oh, nothing really.\" She said brushing the crumbs unto the floor. \"It's just that for two people who have been friends as long as we have, well... I think that we should be able to call each other attractive. The word 'attractive' can be used universally. Like an 'attractive lawn' or an 'attractive dress' or an 'attractive child' or an 'attractive couple'. It's complimentary without the romance that is attached to words like 'handsome' and 'beautiful'. So just because you think it's attractive when I eat, that doesn't mean that you find me beautiful.\" Ellie said and Carl nodded. \"Well, that does make sense.\" Carl said and their egg cream arrived. \"This place really does have the best egg cream.\" Ellie said and Carl smiled. \"Your only saying that because they use Fox's Syrup.\" Carl said and Ellie smiled. \"An egg cream isn't an egg cream without Fox's Syrup.\" She said and Carl nodded. \"I suppose that you are right.\" Carl said, taking a sip of the drink. \"So, tell me about the paper, anything new?\" Ellie asked and Carl shrugged. \"John quit the other day. He got a better job at the bank. I hear that his replacement is coming tonight or tomorrow morning.\" Carl said and Ellie smiled. \"Oh, well, that's nice. Do you know who it's going to be?\" Ellie asked and Carl shrugged. \"I'm not entirely sure. I saw a couple people yesterday, but honestly, most of them looked lost. Although in class I heard that this family moved into town a week or so ago, and they have a son that's looking for a job. Perhaps he will got the job.\" Carl said. \"Wow, what luck for them. Moving into a town is stressful enough, it's good that they don't have to worry about things like work.\" Ellie said and Carl smiled. \"Yeah, your right.\" Carl said and Ellie gasped. \"Oh, I forgot to tell you. Guess what Shelly told me today?\" Ellie asked. \"Shelly? Well it could be anything from 'The Creature from the Black Lagoon' to 'Which dog has had puppies recently.'\" Carl said and Ellie rolled her eyes. \"Just because Shelly enjoys a wide variety of topics, doesn't automatically give you the right to mock her or her heart.\" She said and Carl smiled. \"Mocking? Whose mocking? Is Shelly mocking, because if she is, we should tell her that it's wrong and then she will tell the whole school.\" Carl said and Ellie laughed. \"Finished?\" She asked and Carl nodded. \"Yeah, so what did she tell you?\" He asked. \"I heard that our school is going to allow a few of those, um... Oh, what did Shelly call them? Oh, right, Rock and Roll. Our school is allowing us to play a few Rock and Roll songs at the next Sock-Hop.\" Ellie said excited and Carl blinked. \"I've heard that people have created a genre of music called Rock and Roll, but I heard that it was very scandalous to play.\" Carl said and Ellie shrugged. \"I don't know, but it's something new. Our own little adventure that we can share with our whole school. Isn't that exciting and grand?\" She asked and Carl smiled at her. \"Well, when you put it like that, it's impossible to disagree.\" He said and she laughed. \"Yeah, I know. And mom saw this skirt, with such a design, so wicked, she insisted upon making me a skirt like it.\" She said and Carl blinked. \"What's that?\" Carl asked and Ellie smiled. \"It's a skirt that has this dog called a poodle and stitches that look like the poodle's leash. It's called a poodle skirt.\" Ellie said and Carl imagined this. \"Sounds very interesting. I may not have the most accurate information about women's fashion, but that sounds like it can change the game that is fashion.\" Carl said and Ellie nodded. \"That's exactly what mother was thinking.\" She said, followed by a giggle. \"Yeah, how is your brother?\" Carl asked and Ellie smiled. \"He thinks that his wife is pregnant with their second kid. But he doesn't want to tell mom and dad until the doctor can confirm it.\" She said and Carl smiled. \"That's nice. But, why did he tell you and not your parents?\" Carl asked and Ellie shrugged. \"Well, I suppose he knows that when I cross my heart to something, I'm true to it.\" Ellie said and Carl smiled. \"You sure do.\" Carl said and he went to go take another sip of egg cream and he saw that it was almost empty. \"Is it just me or do the egg creams just don't last as long as they use to?\" He asked and Ellie glanced at it. \"Well, we got bigger, and the egg cream is the same size. I suppose that it was just a matter of time.\" Ellie said and Carl smiled. \"Very logical, Ellie.\" He said and she smiled. \"So, do you want to go to the house?\" Ellie said and Carl paused. \"Actually I was hoping to go to the paper.\" Carl said and Ellie's smile twitched. \"Oh, well, that's alright, we could always spend time there tomorrow.\" Ellie said and Carl gave a said smile as he remembered what his mother said. \"Yeah, well, I guess I should go ahead and head over there.\" Carl said standing up. \"Ok, Carl. We can just pay and leave.\" She said and Carl waved absentmindedly. \"You know what I'll pay for the egg cream this time and you can get the next one.\" He said, walking over to the register and paying. Ellie watched him walk out of the door and she couldn't help but feel a little hurt by his quick exit. Carl on the other hand, had no idea how his actions made Ellie feel. His mind was focused on heading to the office. When he entered the door's he saw this boss, Harvey, who blinked when he saw Carl. \"What are you doing here? You know that your shift is the morning paper, not the afternoon paper.\" Harvey said and Carl smiled. \"Well, sir, I was hoping that I would be able to get a jump start on rolling the paper's. That way the routes are a little faster.\" Carl explained and Harvey smiled. \"Sure why not. And I'm glad that your here, because John's replacement is here and I was hoping that you could show her John's old route tomorrow.\" Harvey said and Carl nodded. \"Sure, no problem. I can definitely show hi- her?\" Carl paused. \"John's replacement is a girl?\" Carl asked and Harvey laughed. \"Yes, she's new in town, so she may not know her way around, which is why I need someone to show her.\" Harvey said and Carl nodded. \"Ok, I'll be happy to help her out, sir.\" He said and Harvey nodded. \"Good, come meet her.\" Harvey said and Carl followed him into Mr. Harvey's office. \"Carl this is Emma Jean. Emma this is Carl Fredricksen. I'm sure that you two will make an excellent team.\" Harvey said and Carl looked around and saw a sweet looking girl with brown hair and blue eyes and a slightly square jaw. She had on a simple pink dress, and just enough makeup to enhance her beautiful features. Carl nearly passed out when she smiled at him and held her hand out to him. \"Hi, Sugar.\" She said with a slight Southern twang, and Carl forced his numb hand into hers. \"Hi, I'm Carl.\"[Chapter 2] emma jean Disclaimer: I do not own the movie Up or it's characters Chapter 2, \"You certainly know your way around this place.\" Emma said and Carl chuckled. \"It's almost like a second home.\" He said and Emma eyed him. \"Almost?\" She asked and Carl suddenly got nervous. \"Well, there is this house that I love. I met my best friend Ellie, there back when we were in grade school.\" Carl said and Emma giggled. \"Oh, Carl. I think that is the sweetest thing that I have ever heard.\" Emma said and Carl smiled through his blush. \"Well, thank you. So Emma, since we are going to be working together, I think it only makes sense that you tell me a little about yourself.\" Carl said and Emma nodded. \"Well, alright. Let's see. I really love dancing and I'm glad that this school isn't against having dances. I think it's absolutely silly how people will do 'Telephone Booth Stuffing' as if it were an actual sport.\" Emma paused and Carl nodded. \"I agree. I have seen a few of the football players do that, and it's no sport at all. In fact, they can only fit two or three of them in one booth. Of course, they are big boys.\" Carl said and Emma smiled at him. \"Well, when are you going to show me my route?\" Emma asked and Carl blinked. He had almost forgot that he had promised Harvey that he would show her that. \"I guess I can do that now, and roll the papers later.\" Carl said and Emma held up her hand in a slight panic. \"Oh, no, you need to do your work. But I can help if you will allow me.\" Emma said and Carl smiled. \"Well, ok. In that case I will show you my special trick.\" Carl said and Emma smiled. \"Fun, what is this trick?\" She said as she followed him into the delivery room. \"I try to come in early so that no one sees me doing this, because then everyone would know my secret.\" Carl said and Emma giggled. \"Ok, what is it?\" Emma said and he sat her down at a table and he told her to wait. Soon he came back with a flatiron and she tilted her head in confusion. \"What's that for? There is no laundry that needs drying and I don't need my hair straighten again.\" Emma said and Carl smiled. \"No, this is for the paper.\" He said and Emma blinked. \"Oh, your pulling my leg.\" She said and Carl plugged in the flatiron. \"No, I'm not. This is a trick that I saw my mom do, before she gave the paper to my father. You see, if you iron the pages of the paper before the reader gets it, then the ink won't get all over their hands.\" He said and Emma's eyes widened. \"That's incredible.\" She said and Carl nodded. \"I thought so, but when I came here, I learned that not everyone did that. So for my readers, I go ahead and iron the pages so that they don't have to.\" Carl said and Emma smiled. \"You sure are a boy that is full of surprises huh?\" She said and Carl shrugged. \"I don't know, I mean I'm not going to jump out of a bush on Halloween and scare little kids.\" Carl said and Emma smiled. \"That's good. I hate that people try to make little three-year-olds cry. The next thing you know someone is going to put a razor blade in a sweet apple, just to make someone laugh.\" Emma said and Carl shrugged. \"I don't think anyone would really put a razor blade in a apple. That would be a difficult task. Besides, as long as we have trusty barbershops then people aren't going to spend all their money on razor blades.\" Carl said with reassurance and Emma smiled. \"Oh, you're right.\" She simply said and for a moment, Carl got lost in her eyes, but then he noticed a heat on his arm and remembered the flatiron. \"Ok, so I will iron the pages out, and then I will hand them to you, and you can keep them unified and then roll them together.\" Carl said and Emma smiled. \"Oh, what a gay task.\" She said and Carl nodded. \"I agree, but I hear that the meaning of the word 'gay' is starting to mean something else.\" Carl said and Emma pursed her lips. \"Excuse me? What other meaning could 'gay' have, other than 'happy'?\" Emma Jean asked, not believing him. \"Well, my friend Ellie, overheard her brother talking to a friend about it. Apparently there is this professor at their college who likes men.\" Carl paused as Emma's eyes widened. \"Oh, dear, that's scandalous. But what does that have to do with the word 'gay' I don't see the connection?\" She asked and Carl shrugged. \"Well, Ellie's brother and his friend were talking about how everyone at the college talked about how happy this teacher was, and so everyone started to use the term 'gay' to reference a man liking a man.\" Carl said and Emma sighed. \"Gracious, I have never heard of a man liking another man, in the romantic sense.\" Emma said and Carl shrugged. \"I'll admit, this is the first I have heard of it to. I didn't realize that was something that happened.\" He said and Emma blushed. \"I just had a wicked thought.\" She admitted and Carl almost burned his thumb when he looked at her. \"What's that?\" He asked and Emma shifted uncomfortably. \"Well, if it turns out that a man can like another man. Then I wonder if a woman can like another woman.\" Emma said and Carl blushed at this. \"Well, I suppose if one is possible, then the other is possible as well.\" Carl said and Emma let out a breath, as if she was holding it as he responded. \"That's why I told you. Because I know that men and woman are different.\" She said and Carl nodded. \"Yes, but women today are doing wild things, like play baseball. Perhaps, there is more in common then we were taught.\" Carl said and Emma smiled. \"That's refreshing, but I don't think that you should go around saying things like that. I don't know how the town would feel about that.\" Emma said and Carl smiled. \"Ok, but even though this town can be a little old fashioned, women have been able to vote for almost 30 years now. A little new age talk isn't going to hurt them.\" Carl said and Emma laughed. \"You look like such a traditional guy, where did you get these new age thoughts?\" Emma asked and Carl smiled. \"My friend, Ellie, is stronger then I ever could be. And I would hate it if she married someone just for the sake of getting married and them stealing her voice. She is loud and crazy, and I'm the klutz that follows her and have some of my most memorable days.\" Carl said and Emma smiled. \"I would like to meet this friend of yours, she sounds very fun.\" Emma said and Carl nodded. \"I'll see what I can do.\" He said. They pretty much stayed silent after that. They ironed, and rolled and tucked away papers for a good 30 minutes before Emma's stomach started to grumble. \"Sorry, sugar. I guess I need a break.\" She said, standing up and Carl blinked. \"Of course. Of course. Um, oh, there is a car hop down the street. It's perfect because your route starts on that block.\" Carl said and Emma smiled. \"Sounds fun, I'll grab my jacket.\" She said and Carl's heart raced as she walked away. It wasn't really a date or anything, but he was having a meal with a pretty girl who thinks that he is funny. He quickly turned off the flatiron and hid it somewhere so that it can cool and he met her outside. ","Summary":" emma jean Disclaimer: I own nothing, not even this theory. Chapter 1, \"Carl, Hey, Carl.\" Ellie ca"},{"Movie":"Up","Title":"Morning in the Fredricksen House","Author":"Rosepixie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10855333","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The alarm went off and Ellie rolled over and slammed her hand down on the button that turned it off. She began to blearily rub her eyes to get rid of the crust that accumulated as she slept. It was then that she realized that the other half of the bed was empty. \"Carl?\" she called out curiously. Where was he? He never got up early on Saturday. Just as she was starting to really wonder, Carl appeared in the bedroom door, a plate in one hand and a glass in the other. He stopped suddenly on seeing Ellie awake. \"I forgot to turn off the alarm, didn't I?\" She nodded with a smile. \"It only went off a minute ago. It's alright.\" \"I made you breakfast!\" He held out the plate, which was piled high with eggs and toast and bacon. He set the juice on her bedside table. Ellie smiled and propped herself up on pillows. She pulled one of Carl's pillows into her lap and he set the plate on it for her. She picked up the fork and took a bite of the fluffy scrambled eggs. \"It's delicious,\" she said with a small smile. \"Thank you.\" \"I thought you might need it today,\" he responded. \"I know that I can't make it better, but at least I can do this.\" \"I really appreciate it,\" she said with tears threatening to spill from her eyes. He brushed his thumb across her cheek and kissed her forehead. \"Anything you want today, alright?\" he whispered. \"Anything.\" She could only nod as the tears started to fall in earnest. As Ellie tucked her face into his shoulder and cried, she wondered how she could be both so lucky and so unlucky at the same time. And she knew she couldn't have survived it without him there by her side.[Chapter 2] Carl woke up with his wife curled tightly in his arms. He lay still, holding her, just watching as she slept. To anyone else's eyes she probably looked like she was sleeping peacefully, happily. To his loving eyes, though, there were tell-tale signs that even in sleep she could not escape her sorrow. Her eyes were crusted with tears cried as she slept, her forehead furrowed just slightly as if in pain, and her hands held his shirt a little too tightly. With a worried look, Carl gently extracted himself from his wife's grip. She stirred a tiny bit, but did not awaken. With one more concerned glance, he slipped from the room and made his way down to the kitchen. Carl wished that he could change things and give Ellie what she so desperately wanted, but they had run out of options. There was nothing that he could do to change that. All that was left was to grieve with her for what would never be and to console her as much as possible. Breakfast in bed would be a good (if small) step in the right direction. Carl started mixing up some eggs and cream for fluffy scrambled eggs. As he cooked, he thought about what else he might be able to do. Nothing seemed right, though. He realized that all he wanted to do was to curl up with her and grieve as well. If she wanted something, she would tell him, and in the meantime, maybe what they needed was simply to be together. When the eggs were ready, he scooped them onto plates and carried them upstairs. Maybe surprising her with breakfast in bed could at least coax a small smile from her. He sorely needed to see her smile right now. A smile didn't mean that everything was ok, but it meant that there was hope that one day it would be again. He knew a smile would be good for her as well. ","Summary":" The alarm went off and Ellie rolled over and slammed her hand down on the button that turned it off"},{"Movie":"(500) Days of Summer","Title":"acceptance -- calum hood","Author":"piinkielollipop","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12360607","Passage":"[Chapter 1] guess what? I'm moving. again. this would be the ninth time I've ever moved in my entire life. don't bother to ask me why i never stay in one spot; my parents just like to be on the move. i've learned through experience that the best way to cope with constantly changing schools is to just stay in the shadows, unlike my sister, hayley, who is currently a senior. i didn't know how she did it, but she possessed a certain charisma that seemed to seduce everyone she met. literally. she dated at least five guys in our previous school during her junior year. i, on the other hand, am an absolute klutz when it comes to relationships. i have no experience at all. nada. nil. although i often envy hayley, i always manage to convince myself that by not forming emotional attachments to anything or anyone, leaving won't be as bad. so. here i am, reading the email sent by my new high school. dress code policies, homework expectations, blah blah blah. i swear all the schools copy and paste their guidelines from somewhere and tweak a few words here and there. but as i scroll towards the bottom of the email, i notice an unfamiliar paragraph: 'as a new student enrolling in our high school program, you will be assigned two partner students who will guide you through your first month in school. these students are picked by our administrators, and we believe that they will help to make your transition smoother. do not hesitate to ask them for help. applicant: willow gray partners: calum thomas hood, brook williams' \"this is useless,\" i grumbled aloud. \"i don't need two people to make me feel pathetic.\" i closed my laptop screen and slammed my head a little too hard onto my table. \"ouch.\" i sighed and reluctantly lifted my head to see hayley standing in my doorway, an amused grin plastered on her face. \"were you assigned partners as well?\" \"yeah, two seniors - jade and reese,\" she gushed, striding towards my bed and sitting on the edge of it. \"this is so cool! who'd you get?\" \"uh, a senior named calum and a junior named brook,\" i mutter. \"honestly, i'll probably be completely fine on my own.\" \"aw c'mon willow,\" hayley sighed. \"their job is just to help you get around. and besides, it's only for a month.\" i still remained doubtful, but offered her a tentative shrug. she beamed at me and i couldn't help but crack a tiny smile. \"you'll be fine.\" then, she stood up and said, \"anyways, gotta go pack for tomorrow, and so should you!\" and with that, she strode out of my room. laughing a little, i decided to start packing as well.[Chapter 2] \"damn hallways,\" i muttered to myself as i turned right and found myself in front of yet another classroom. huffing in exasperation, i spun around on my heels and nearly crashed into the muscled chest of a boy over six feet tall. \"sorry!\" i squeaked. \"yo, watch it,\" he growled in a thick australian accent. i tilted my head back slightly and glimpsed a pair of hazel eyes glaring at me. swallowing nervously, i ducked my head again and headed in a different direction. a quick glance at my watch told me that i was only left with eight minutes to find the high school office where i was supposed to meet my partners. i silently chastised myself for having insisted that i would be alright on my own when hayley offered to find the office for me. when i rejected her offer, she shrugged and said she wanted to explore a bit by herself before heading to the office. sighing, i continued my hunt for any indication that would help me find my way, and fortunately, i soon stumbled upon a sign which read, \"HS office\". i stared at the wooden door uncertainly, numerous kids no doubt already gathered inside. but i didn't give myself any extra time to ponder over it as i pushed the door and took a step inside. to my surprise, there were only eight other students inside. there were two groups of three, and another girl and boy hanging by the side, laughing at something. the girl was attractive to say the least; her smile, voice, physique, and overall appearance probably got her a lot of guys i'll bet. and the guy… oh god. it's HIM. as if sensing my presence, the two of them turned in unison to face me. the girl, who i assumed was brook, grinned and waved at me, beckoning me over. the boy standing beside her (who was probably calum) just raised his eyebrows at me and i immediately felt self-conscious. \"so… you're willow?\" brook grinned. i nodded once. \"okay so, i'm brook, and he's calum.\" she nudged him, and calum chuckled, nudging her back. \"okay anyways, we're going to give you a brief tour around the school first, and then you'll go to the second half of your first class.\" calum smirked at brook, who stuck her tongue out. together, to two of them started to walk outside, and i hurried after them. the entire time brook was talking, i couldn't help but zone out. and maybe stare at calum a bit. okay fine, maybe i stared at him for more than a bit, but i have to admit, he was pretty cute. it's just that he didn't exactly seem to like me. after my half an hour tour came to an end, brook directed me to my first class - math. what a great way to start the day. the remaining hours of school consisted of rambling teachers, stacks of worksheets, and students shoving to get to classes. when it was lunch, i merely took out the sandwich i made for myself this morning and wandered through the somewhat deserted hallways. i had never felt more relieved when school ended; i exited the front gate with everyone else, and began to walk home. but me being me, i ended up getting lost in a matter of 5 minutes. cursing myself inwardly, i reached in my bag for my phone to call mom. when i couldn't find it, i threw my bag on the floor in frustration and looked around for someone who seemed like they might be able to help me. suddenly, i saw a boy riding his bike towards me, and i felt a wave of relief. but as his face loomed into sight, i realized that it was calum. i gulped and quickly swung my bag over my shoulders again and began to walk the same direction again, as if i knew where i was going. \"you lost?\" too late. i bit my lip and turned around to see calum jump off his bike and approach me. i nodded a little hesitantly and he stared at me for a while before asking me, \"where do you live?\" \"uh…\" fuck. i couldn't even remember my own address. \"i can't remember… shit!\" \"that doesn't seem like a very nice place to live,\" calum commented, raising an eyebrow. i shook my head furiously, blushing like an idiot. \"no! i mean, i totally forgot my address. and uh, i left my phone as well,\" i realized that i was on the verge of rambling, but i stopped myself just in time. calum beckoned me over to his bike. \"no, i'll find my way home.\" \"i doubt you will,\" calum responds. he swings a leg over the seat, patting the space behind him once. i shake my head. \"aw c'mon, this is kinda my duty as a partner as well - making sure you're safe.\" he sighed. \"i'm going to my friend's house and we'll figure out how to get you home from there. then i won't bug you. deal?\" i scanned his bike over, then decided it looked decent enough. as i sat on the seat behind him, he said, \"you'd better hold onto me.\" after a moment of hesitation, i placed my hands on his shoulder and he immediately started to pedal at full speed. i yelped when my hands almost lost their grip, then i quickly secured them around his torso. throughout the entire duration of the journey to his friend's house, i clung onto calum for dear life. but after i realized that i wasn't lying on the ground bleeding to my death, i actually enjoyed the ride. not that i was ever going to let him know, but still. \"is this it?\" i asked when calum slows to a halt in front of a house. \"no, i'm going to a random house for fun,\" calum snorted. i rolled my eyes and got off the bike as well, trailing behind him as he got up to the door and barged into the house. widening my eyes a little, i followed him inside and was greeted by a sudden clanging of symbols. inevitably, i jumped slightly and winced at how easily i was startled. suddenly, i saw three other boys in the garage around calum's age, and immediately took a step back. \"hey cal! \"you're finally here!\" \"who's that?\" upon hearing the last question, calum sidestepped so all three boys could see me clearly. i gave a small wave and suddenly realized how short i was compared to all of them. \"hey!\" the boy with hair like the inverse of a skunk's back grinned. \"what's your name?\" \"willow,\" i answered with a slight smile. \"aw she's shy,\" another boy who sat behind a drum kit chuckled. my cheeks reddened and i glanced at calum briefly to see him conversing with a lanky guy with blonde hair. \"oh right. uh, i'm ashton, that's michael with the hair, and that over there is the seven foot tall luke.\" \"yeah I've been playing basketball all my life,\" luke grins at me. i nodded, which caused all four boys to laugh. my palms grew sweaty as i glanced around nervously. did i do or say something weird? \"he's joking,\" michael told me, chucking a guitar pick at luke. \"we're in a band actually. 5 seconds of summer.\" \"sorry, never heard of it,\" i shrug apologetically. \"is she the girl you were assigned to?\" ashton asks calum. \"yeah,\" calum says, pressing his lips together. \"she's lost. and she doesn't have her phone. and she doesn't know where she lives.\" it sounded as if he were accusing me for not being able to find my way back, and i actually glared at him. he just shrugged as if to say \"it's true\", and i guess he was right. the guys bring me to the living room to try to search up my mom's contact or my home address. twenty minutes and eight phone calls later, i finally managed to reach my mom's mobile. she gave me our new address and told me to call a taxi because it would take me hours to walk home. \"alright, now we can finally practice,\" calum lets out a breath. \"sorry guys.\" i try not to feel hurt at his words, but fail miserably. was i such a nuisance? the four guys head back to the garage as i phoned for a cab. as if only suddenly realizing i was still in his house, michael turned around and asked if i would be alright. \"yeah, i'll just leave as soon as i can get an cab,\" i tell him. then, someone on the other end of the line picked up. \"oh, hello? hi, yes…\" michael flashed me a quick thumbs up just as i was told that a cab would arrive in ten minutes. i paced back and forth in front of michael's house, until i heard music coming from the garage. i debated between staying where i was and sneaking back for a quick peek, contemplating the risks of getting caught. in the end, i snuck back and pressed my ear against the door that led to the garage. someone started singing, though i didn't recognize who. then, another voice joined in to form a harmony, and i recognized calum's voice. i don't know how i was able to distinguish his voice, but damn… that boy can sing. after a while, i started to hum a vague tune along to the song, which i had to admit, was pretty catchy. when the song ended, i remained leaning against the door with my eyes closed, savoring the last chord which lingered in the air. a small part of me felt slightly bewildered; since when was i so into music? the loud beep of a car horn interrupted my thoughts and i scurried out the door to get into the taxi. on the ride home, i surprised myself by humming along to the song i just heard. ... wassup guys? here's chapter two and you can view the original link here: 371035930-acceptance-calum-hood-ch-2[Chapter 3] p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\"the moment i got home after going to michael's house with calum, i opened up my laptop and searched up \"5 Seconds of Summer\". the first website that appeared was a youtube link, so i clicked on it. a few seconds later, what seemed to be their youtube channel popped up on my screen and i stared at their profile picture, which was an image of the four boys with their instruments. i suddenly realized that i had been staring at calum for the longest time and quickly shook myself out of my trance. scrolling through their list of videos, i randomly clicked on one titled \"The A-Team - Ed Sheeran - 5 Seconds Of Summer (cover)\". while i waited for the video to buffer, i heard a knock on my door and i quickly closed my laptop screen. /p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\"\"willow? it's me.\" hayley's muffled voice drifted into my room. /p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\"\"yeah?\" I call, glancing at my laptop. the door swung open and my sister stepped in, phone clutched tightly in her hand. /p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\"\"your partners are brook and calum right?\" she asked out of the blue. slightly taken aback, i nodded slowly. then, she sat down on my bed and stared at me intently. \"okay so i'm not trying to stalk them or anything but…\"/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\"\"seriously, hayley?\" I raise an eyebrow and try to suppress my laugh. \"okay so… what'd you find?\" hayley handed her phone to me and i realized a second later that it was brook's instagram./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\"\"this is only her instagram, but i also stalked - i mean, uh, checked her facebook and twitter, and i found out that she's really popular, but apparently she's like, two sided, you know?\" hayley paused and took a breath. i nodded and shrugged./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\"\"i mean, aren't all popular kids like that though?\" i sigh. then, i realized with a pang of guilt and envy that my sister was also popular. \"well, you're probably the only exception.\"/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\"\"i'm not popular,\" hayley protests, although a grin crept onto her face. \"anyways. point is, just be careful.\" /p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\"\"what bout calum?\" the question popped out of my mouth before i could stop it./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\"\"ooh does someone have a crush?\" hayley smirked, wiggling her eyebrows. /p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\"\"stop it,\" i groan, trying to hide my blush. \"it's just a question. and he was rude to me today. i just wanna know what kind of person he is.\"/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\"\"fine,\" hayley rolls her eyes. \"you know, he's actually really nice. he's in a few of my classes and we talked. oh, and also, he gave me his number. just as well that you're not into him because… i kind of am.\" i literally blanked out after she said that. if i didn't like calum… then why was i feeling jealous instead of supporting her? hayley had a way of wrapping guys around her finger, so i knew that once she liked calum, she would find a way to make him head over heels for her. \"hello? earth to willow.\"/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\"\"yeah?\" i forced myself to smile. \"well, that's… nice.\"/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\"\"you okay? you seem kind of off.\"/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\"\"no it's just that he wasn't exactly the friendliest person today,\" i try to say nonchalantly. \"i know I'm not the most interesting person but he could at least act like he didn't hate me.\" which was a lie. kind of. calum didn't really talk to me, but he treated me alright. /p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\"\"okay then… maybe you could stay in your room or something this saturday?\" hayeley shrugged innocently, scrolling through calm's instagram. i peered at her screen and saw her tap on a selfie of him and luke. /p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\"\"what does that mean,\" i say suspiciously, glancing at her smile as she looked through his other photos. /p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\"\"it means that i might've invited him over?\" hayley turns to me with a sheepish smile and shrugs apologetically. i was overcome by a mixture of fear, despair, and excitement. but i couldn't let her know how i truly felt, not after what i told her about calum. so, i let out a long scowl./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\"\"you are unbelievable,\" i rolled my eyes but grinned as i chucked my pillow at her. she caught it and sighed dreamily. /p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\"\"you know he's in a band right? i really want to hear him sing,\" hayley mumbled. ha! i inwardly gloated about the fact that i had heard calum sing before. that makes us willow-1, hayley-0. \"anyways,\" hayley says, stretching. \"just be prepared on saturday. we're either going to hang out in the living room or my room.\" i secretly wished it were the former, so i could \"accidentally\" forget that he was here, and wanted to watch TV outside or something. she stood up quickly and pranced out my room, shouting, \"don't embarrass me!\"/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\"laughing, i rolled my eyes and opened up my laptop again. i plugged in my headphones and pressed spacebar to play. in the video, calum had a guitar in his lap, and luke was beside him while ashton filmed the two of them. calum started laughing at the beginning of the video, causing me to crack a smile. then, he started to strum his guitar. /p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\"and when he started to sing, that's when i knew i was in love with calum hood. /p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\".../p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" 371973764-acceptance-calum-hood-ch-3/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\"okay so basically this chapter is sort of foreshadowing willow, hayley, and brook(?)'s relationship with calum and with each other. i'm excited for the next chapter because i think it's gonna be really cute and willow and calum are gonna interact and something might happen! /p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\"ily/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" /p[Chapter 4] hey guys! HAPPY CALUMTINES DAY 3 (im a day late but lets pretend its still feb 14) this was just going to be a normal chapter but i guess i can make it valentine's day in the story as well :) ^^ sorry if it seems kinda out of place because it was kind of a last minute decision! ... since the first week of school was only two days, i only had to survive another day of schoolwork, trying to stay awake, getting lost, and keeping small talk to a minimum. on the second day, all the new students and their partners had to do this \"bonding\" activity during lunch, which basically consisted of a bunch of redundant icebreaker games which no one really participated in. throughout the entire activity, i had to suffer through brook's relentless flirting with calum. and to my dismay, he countered her every flirtatious comment with one of his own, causing me to cringe. plus, it didn't help that the next day would be valentine's day; that girl was literally DYING to convince calum to ask her out. which probably wouldn't be difficult, unless hayley got to him first. when we were finally let out from school, i had never felt more relieved. this time, i actually managed to get home without getting lost. i spent the entire evening chilling in bed watching netflix, but ended up sleeping at three a.m. just because i wanted to finish a TV series. so naturally, i overslept the next day and actually woke up at noon. technically, i wouldn't have woken up if not for the incessant knocking on my door. \"what,\" i grumbled, pulling the covers over my head. \"you might wanna get dressed,\" hayley shouts. \"even if you might not see him, calum's gonna be here any minute.\" oh shit. i threw the covers off my bed and stumbled into the bathroom after grabbing a plain, loose white shirt and a pair of jeans shorts. just as i was yanking a brush through my hair, i heard the doorbell ring and mumbled a series of profanities. grumbling, i tied my hair up in a messy bun and washed my face. when i finally decided that i looked presentable, i exited the bathroom only to throw myself on my bed and open up my laptop again, and i realized that calum's band's youtube channel was open. well, i wouldn't mind watching another one of their covers; if hayley had a date with calum, then i had a date with my laptop. \"hi cal!\" i heard from downstairs, and imagined hayley opening the door to hug him or whatever. \"hey hayley. uh, is anyone else at home?\" my heart skipped a beat when calum spoke. suddenly, i was overcome with nervousness, and wondered if i should actually stay in my room until calum left. \"no, my parents left for a gathering with their friends,\" hayley replied. \"it's just me and my sister right now.\" \"oh i didn't know you have a sister.\" so hayley didn't tell calum that we were sisters then. interesting. \"oh yeah, i must've forgot… anyways, you can head up to my room first and i'll just grab some snacks.\" \"sure.\" the sound of his footsteps sent a jolt through my body, and i had to take deep breaths and tell myself that he wasn't coming to my room he was going to hayley's - my door opened and i gaped as calum stepped in. but he quickly realized that this wasn't hayley's room, and hurriedly backed away. \"oh shit. i mean, sorry. wait. willow?\" \"surprise?\" calum looked so dumbfounded that i wanted to just burst out laughing, but i just stared back at him like an idiot. \"woah wait. you're hayley's sister?\" he spluttered. \"yeah, turns out a popular senior can actually have a sister like me,\" i say. i immediately regretted the words as they tumbled out my mouth, but i guess they were true. \"no no no, that's not what i meant,\" calum said hurriedly, shaking his head profusely. \"i just… i never made the connection before.\" \"oh. anyways… her room is the one on the left,\" i say, trying to act cool and turning back to my laptop screen. but instead, he continued to stare at me with a weird expression on his face. then, without asking for permission, he stepped inside and sat on my chair beside my bed. i realized in dismay that their channel was still on my screen, but too late; calum peered over my shoulder and widened his eyes when i glanced at him. then, his shocked expression turned cocky and he smirked at me. \"so… are you a fan of our band now?\" he asks, raising an eyebrow. \"what?\" i scoff, trying to look slightly disgusted. i probably looked like i some sort of facial disfiguration. \"no. i only watched one cover and it was only meh.\" \"then why are you still on our channel?\" okay fine, he got me. i didn't know how to respond as i glanced between my laptop screen and him. \"i…\" \"calum?\" the two of us simultaneously turned towards the door where hayley was standing with a plate of cookies. she glanced at both of us suspiciously. \"why are you in my sister's room?\" \"oh uh,\" calum began, probably racking his brain for a believable excuse. \"i was helping willow… find this timetable on the school website… for next monday… you know, 'cuz new students still have orientation and stuff.\" \"oh.\" hayley frowned, then cocked her head to one side. \"my partners didn't tell me about that.\" \"it's just for underclassmen,\" i say quickly, and calum nods. just as abruptly as hayley had appeared in my doorway, she shrugged indifferently and headed towards her room, calling for calum to follow her. \"coming,\" calum called in response, and then we looked at each other and burst out laughing. he slapped a hand over my mouth and i fell backwards onto my bed, hitting my head on my laptop. \"ow,\" i moaned between giggles, and calum rubbed my head. this resulted in my hair falling out of its bun and tumbling in front of my face. i glanced at calum through my curtain of hair to see him grinning at me in amusement. \"i'd better go,\" calum chuckles, and he reaches out with a hand towards my face. i almost flinched when his fingers made contact with my skin, but he merely brushed my hair out of my face and winked before heading out of my room. i rolled my eyes but felt my cheeks heat up. plugging my headphones in, i resumed watching their covers over and over again for around an hour or so. \"knock knock.\" i whipped around and saw calum leaning against the door frame. i frowned at him but take my headphones off and motion for him to come in. \"aren't you with hayley?\" i questioned \"yeah… she said she was just going to go our for a bit to buy something and come back,\" calum explained, sitting down on the edge of my bed. he glanced at my laptop and i immediately closed the lid. \"still watching our covers, huh?\" \"no,\" i lied. pretending that i was doing something else, i scroll through instagram and stumble across numerous posts about valentine's day. \"oh shoot, i forgot today was valentine's,\" calum groaned, running a hand through his hair. \"why, do you have a girlfriend or something?\" i felt a blush creep up as soon as i shut my mouth. stupid, stupid me. but to my surprise, calum shook his head. \"nah… i just broke up with a girl about a month ago. haven't dated anyone since.\" \"then why do you look so… flustered?\" \"i should've bought hayley something,\" he sighed. then, he stood up. \"i saw a flower shop nearby just now. do you wanna come?\" i look at him skeptically, but sigh and nod as i followed him out my room and we walked in silence. \"so, hayley told me you thought i hated you?\" calum asks suddenly. he looked at me with a question in his eyes, and i shrugged. \"well… not really, but kind of,\" i admit. he doesn't say anything else and i stare at him, confused. when we finally reached the shop he was talking about, he asked me which rose he should pick. \"i don't know… oh. she likes light pink.\" calum nodded and i watched him pick out a pink one. a lump of envy rose in my throat as i imagined what it'd be like to receive a rose on valentine's day. i picked up a white one and admired it - its purity, and just the entirety of it. i closed my eyes and let out a long breath, then put it back when calum had paid for the rose. he carried a skinny plastic bag with his rose in it back home, and i told him i was going to my room to do some homework, and that hayley should probably be back soon. he hung around in our living room, and a few minutes later, i heard the door open and hayley squealing as calum no doubt handed her the rose. i stuck my head outside my door to see hayley hugging calum. then, he laughed and pulled back a little. \"oh hayley, uh, i forgot that i have a band practice with the guys in an hour… sorry.\" \"that's okay,\" hayley replied, sniffing her rose. \"i have homework to do anyways as well.\" \"alright then.\" calum glanced up and caught my eye. \"i think i left something upstairs, lemme just run and get it…\" i quickly retreated into my room and sprang onto my bed, acting as casual as i possibly could after caught spying. \"hey,\" i said without looking up. \"aren't you leaving?\" \"yeah i am.\" i frowned at him and tilted my head to one side in question. he walked up to me, and surprisingly handed me a rose. a white rose. shocked, i stared at him with my mouth open, then at the rose. \"sorry, i… thank you,\" i whisper in genuine gratitude. he smiled a little, then turned to leave. \"oh and willow,\" he said, pivoting on his heels to face me. \"you're alright.\" then, he disappeared and i heard the front door slam shut a moment later. throughout the rest of the day, i could hear his voice ringing in my head. you're alright. ... myworks/99175626/write/372789106 this chapter could've been written better, but i actually like calum and willow's interactions in here :) ily[Chapter 5] on monday, i honestly didn't know what to expect when i saw calum. i was kind of worried that he completely forgot about what happened on saturday, but at the same time, i'd probably feel embarrassed if he brought it up. when i got to school that day, i was disappointed that there was nothing special planned for the new students, which meant that i probably wouldn't see calum or brook the entire day. which meant that i either had to suffer through the excruciating long day by myself, or actually make an effort to start a conversation with someone. luckily, i didn't have to make that decision when i arrived late to biology and had to sit next down to another new kid. \"hi, what's your name?\" the guy beside me with glasses asked. okay, i had to admit, he was kind of cute. \"uh… willow,\" i reply. \"you?\" \"oh hey willow. i'm jake,\" he grinned, pushing his glasses up a bit. \"you're new too?\" i nodded in acknowledgment. \"so am i. this is actually my first time moving, so i was really nervous.\" \"really?\" i ask in surprise. \"you've never moved before?\" jake shook his head with a small frown, and i blushed. \"sorry. i guess it's 'cuz i've moved so many times that moving just seems normal to me now.\" \"how many times have you moved?\" jake asked in genuine curiosity. i held up nine fingers, and he widened his eyes. \"holy shit. that's-\" \"jake malone, mind your language,\" the teacher's sharp voice interrupted him, to which he responded with a nonchalant apology. \"anyways… what was i saying?\" jake paused for a moment and acted as if he were in deep thought. \"oh yeah. that's INSANE.\" for some reason, both of us crack up laughing, which earned us another glare from the teacher. \"watch it, both of you,\" she hissed. we muttered apologies but continued to laugh under our breaths. \"so, are you in any activities or sports or anything?\" jake asked. \"uh… not yet. to be honest, i still don't really know what this school offers, but i play the piano, dance, and play volleyball outside of school.\" \"oh, cool!\" jake exclaimed, then lowered his voice when he realized that he was probably going to be sent to the principal any moment. \"i just joined the football team, and the captain of the boys' football team at this school is really good.\" \"really?\" i wasn't exactly interested in football, but it was better than listening to (biology thing here). \"who's the captain?\" \"i forgot his name, but he's a senior. i think it was calvin? caleb? oh, but i know his last name is hood.\" i froze in recognition of his last name, and i innocently suggested, \"calum hood?\" \"yeah, that's it!\" jake whisper-exclaimed. \"apparently he won some national league or something. wait, how do you know him?\" \"he's my partner,\" i answered with a shrug. i was going to mention the fact that we were somewhat friends, but decided to keep that to myself for now. \"you free after school today?\" jake asked suddenly. i started to say that i had loads of homework to do after school, but realized that this was an informal test to see if i wanted to be his friend or not. so, i accepted his invitation. his eyes lit up with excitement and fist-bumped me. \"great! come find me at the lockers after school and i'll bring you to the field.\" \"okay.\" i grinned and knew in my head that i had made the right decision. the day seemed to drag on forever and i actually fell asleep in class once, but luckily i shared that class with jake so he woke me up before the teacher noticed. after the bell rang, i walked out of my last block to look for jake by the locker rooms, and recognized him right away in his striped jersey. \"c'mon, gray,\" he called, waving me over. i was kind of surprised that he called me by my last name, but i actually kind of liked it. i also noticed that he was flanked by a couple of his friends, but they started to talk amongst themselves when i approached jake. \"our practice ends at six, but you can leave before that if you want.\" \"i'll text my mom and see if she needs me home before that,\" i told him. i glanced around, speculating the rest of the football team. \"uh… where's calum?\" \"he's probably already on the field,\" jake said, shrugging. he broke into a light jog, and i followed suit. the moment we stepped outside, i felt the blistering heat and pitied the football players. he led me to the empty bleachers; it was probably too hot for anyone else to sit and watch. nevertheless, i promised jake that i'd watch his practice. \"jake!\" he spun around upon hearing his name, and i turned as well to see calum jogging over. \"willow?\" calum squinted in the sun, then slowed down once he reached us. \"what're you doing here?\" \"watching jake's practice,\" i answer, crossing my arms across my chest. calum looked at me, then at jake, who grinned. \"you can sit over there if you want,\" he said, gesturing to a patch of grass sheltered by a huge oak tree. i nod, then catch calum staring at the two of us a little weirdly. \"just don't step on the field,\" calum grunted. \"and hurry up, jake.\" with that, he started to run towards the center of the field while dribbling a football between his feet. jake frowned at the senior but didn't seem too bothered by calum's attitude. \"whatever. just sit under the shade, and you can do homework or something if you're bored of watching us.\" i laughed a little when he winked, then waved as he sprinted after calum. shaking my head, i plopped down underneath the oak tree, leaning against its rough trunk. the first half an hour or so was pretty boring, i'll admit. i resorted to pacing back and forth (homework sounded too boring), and was totally caught off guard when jake started screaming my name. blearily, i looked up and realized after a split second that a soccer ball was flying towards me. \"willow!\" calum was sprinting towards me, but too late; the ball hit me square in my stomach, the impact sending me stumbling backwards into a small hollow in the ground. pain flared up in my right ankle, and i gritted my teeth as my back hit the floor. for a moment, i lay there, stunned. when i snapped back to reality, i felt my ankle throb unbearably. tears sprang up in my eyes, but i fought to keep them back; i wasn't one to cry. suddenly, a few loomed over me, followed by a few more people. they were all talking at once, and i couldn't make out what they were saying. then, a hand reached out towards me, and i immediately grabbed it. slowly, i put my weight on my left foot and tried not to whimper in pain as i slowly stood up. looking up, i realized that it was jake who had pulled me up, and i smiled at him gratefully. \"are you alright?\" jake asked, worry written across his face. i shrugged, but nodded so that they wouldn't make a big deal out of it. instinctively, i glanced around and saw calum hanging by the side, staring at me anxiously. but when he caught my gaze, he quickly looked at his shoes and walked away. trying not to feel hurt, i turn to jake in question, who caught me staring at calum. he sighed, then explained, \"calum was the one who kicked the ball that hit you… it was an accident though.\" \"it's not his fault,\" i frown. jake shrugs and sighs again. \"i know. he probably feels really bad right now, but he usually doesn't act like this… anyways, let's get you to the nurse.\" i wrapped an arm around jake's shoulder, and he held onto my waist as i limped towards the nurse's office. i couldn't help but turn around once more, only to catch calum lingering at the edge of the soccer field, staring at me. … wowzas i haven't updated in quite a while. oops. anyways, idk what happened with this chapter lol. i was kind of just writing without thinking. but… i actually kind of like it. it's sort of a transition between building up their relationship and more drama. i guess we'll see in the next chapter :) ily ","Summary":" guess what? I'm moving. again. this would be the ninth time I've ever moved in my entire life. don'"},{"Movie":"(500) Days of Summer","Title":"Love or Dare","Author":"VegasNightSkies","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10317382","Passage":"[Chapter 1] If you could take a part of your past to change it, what would it be? Would you change it into something good? Or something bad? That's what I'm thinking right now. My name's Jade Carter or Jade. I'm the girl who couldn't get away from it. I'm the girl who has her own demons to fight. Until that summer, I met him, Scott Mason. Do you believe in love first sight? Actually, it did happened to me but the other way around: hate at first sight. He changed me from the cold person I am who tried to get away from her past to a girl who is free and strong but most of all: I loved him. But things could change right? What if that person you love just loved you for a dare? What if he just loved you because somebody told them so? What if I told you he just wanted something from me? Are you scared that he never loved you from the start? Are you scared to be broken again? Are you scared to turn back to your old self? All the things I have done in the past still haunts me. I just want to get away from it.[Chapter 2] JADE'S POV *Dream* \"Ash! Ash! Where the f*ck is he?\" I yelled; trying to find my boyfriend around the campus. I looked at the gym, grounds, classrooms, almost every part of the school. I ended up resting my head in my locker. Sheesh. What's this? A game of hide and seek?! It's pissing me off! Suddenly, his friends barged in the hallway. Everyone started to move out of there way while some girls started putting their make ups, hyperventilating and fangirling. Typical jocks. Maybe they could help. KEYWORD: Maybe. \"Hey Jake! Have you seen Ash? The asshole's ain't showing up!\" I yelled in frustration. He gave me a chuckle, \"What's so funny?!\" I glared at them. They just continue to give me a funny look. Yeah. I have GREAT friends (note sarcasm). \"Chill hothead! We haven't seen him since lunch.\" he said. I could tell his lying. With the smile on his face and all the chuckling. Best actor in the world. Maybe he should get an Oscar nomination. I sighed, \"Thanks for the help morons!\" I replied sarcastically. The bell rang and it was our dismissal and I haven't found Ash. I decided to rest in the cafeteria to cool off. As I was entering the cafeteria, something caught my eye. It was Ash... KISSING ANOTHER GIRL?! I suddenly felt myself froze to my spot. I didn't know how to react but I do know that what I'm seeing is real. I didn't think twice but what I didn't think about what I'm going to do next. I pushed Ash away from the girl and slapped him. HARD. I kept hitting him in the chest. \"YOU CHEATER! YOU JUST CAN'T TAKE YOUR EYES OFF ANOTHER GIRL?!\" Everyone stopped on their tracks and all their eyes were on us. Yeah. I just made a scene. I don't care if I embarrass myself in front of everyone because my anger's way over the top. \"THE HELL JADE! Cut it out! You're making a scene!\" \"Do I look like a care?!\" I yelled, enough to be heard across the hallway. Silence took over. He grinned evilly, \"You wanna make a scene? I'll give you one! You think I'll ever go out with a girl like you?\" I felt myself step back from his words. It felt like words stabbing my back. He smirked knowing that he won. \"I'm a player. Don't forget that. I went out with you because I just wanted to and I always do what I want. Nothing else. You think you're so special huh? You think you've got the perfect guy and you'll live happily ever after with prince charming? Well this ain't fairy tale. \" he trailed off finishing with his nasty grin on his face. He just laughed and walked away holding Ms. Slutty McSlutslut's waist. She looked at me with disgust from head to toe. Well me? I was still frozen in my spot. Then it hit me: I lost my fight. I heard everyone saying 'Oooh' from Ash's snap back. I could feel my tears forming in my eyes and a lump forming in my throat but I hold it, not showing it to everyone. Good thing it's dismissal or I'll be spending the next 3 hours in detention. I guess tomorrow I will. I didn't remember anything after that. I just went home normally but still shocked from the \"scene\" we made. Guess things won't be better tomorrow. I'll be treated like a dirtbag for sure. *End of Dream* I woke up panting as I bolt up from my bed. I checked my clock . 3:14 am ' Another nightmare ' I thought to myself. Dreams like that became more often even if it's summer. About that dream? It happened last school year ago. Remember when I said 'Guess things won't be better tomorrow.'? Yup. Everyone treated me like a dirtbag because of Ash and his loyal dogs (his friends). Sigh . I'm just happy it's summer. But... \"Jade! Get up! Bus for camp will be here in an hour!\" My mom yelled downstairs. \"Yeah mom!\" I yelled back before she pulls me from my bed. Yes. She signed me up for this dumb Camping program for the rest of the summer. She thinks my life's \"too miserable\" and dull like I'm just a living corpse for the past year. She said I need to be \"productive\". Seriously mom? I need to be productive? Like I care. My life's never going to get better since \"that\" happened and it never will be. Welcome to my happy life! I groaned, \"Stupid dumb little camping program.\" I said to myself while throwing my pillow. I jumped out of my bed then opened my closet to look for clothes. I took out my denim jeans, white mickey mouse t - shirt, a blue zip - front fleece hoody and my favorite blue vans shoes. I guess I'm too lazy to dress. - 8 - Time Skip - 8 - \"Jade. Bus is here. Now be nice. Oh and... give me your phone. Camp says you can't bring any gadgets.\" she said strictly. It took me a whole minute to process her words. I thought she was joking but from the way she was looking, you don't wanna mess with her. \"What? Are you serious mom? You know you can't do -\" \"I said your phone! Give it! NOW.\" she cut me off. I groaned. I took out my phone from my pocket and threw it to her. She kissed my forehead and went to help me put my bags in the bus. \"Enjoy camp!\" she waved goodbye. \"Oh I will.\" I replied sarcastically while rolling my eyes before I went inside the bus. Most of the seats were taken. Everyone seated according to their own group of friends, chattering and laughing. Well, me on the other hand has to find a sit were only I could be me. After minutes of finding a perfect spot, I ended up sitting on the back of the bus. I sat just beside the window. The odds aren't really in my favor today but the good thing is that I'm the only person sitting in the back part. Then I just realized something. Oh no. Oh shit! How am I going to tell Lily and my friends (Yes I still have friends after \"that\" happened) I can't text them or even call them for the WHOLE summer. KEYWORD: Whole. They're gonna be so mad I ignored their texts and calls. Now, that's what you call a big problemo. Oh well I guess I'll just have to sleep. I pulled my hood up and leaned on the glass. This day couldn't get any better.[Chapter 3] JADE'S POV Finally! That trip felt like years and I'm hungry. I opened the door to my room and I could feel my jaw dropped. I can't believe my cabin room is more stylish than my room back in Arizona. \"Camp Sweet camp.\" I said to myself. Wait. This room has only one bed so I have the room all to myself. Finally. I gotta say this is my kind of room. Not bad. I jumped to my bed, landing on my back. You know for a camp, the beds are really comfy. ' Oh well, maybe I could listen to some music ' I thought. I went to fish my phone in my pocket then I realized my mom took it. Sigh . I'm living in the stone age. No gadgets, no fun. I wonder how did Flintstones survived a day without a phone. Growl ... I forgot I haven't ate since morning. I stood up from my bed. Laying on the floor was an envelope under the door. I took the envelope and my name's on it? What? I opened the envelope and it says: June 30, 2012 Dear Ms. Carter, Welcome to Camp Bear. We require students to attend the bonfire later this 9:00 pm beside the lake. Each camp member is also required a camp partner for the rest of the summer so each person in this campus has the same matching schedule with another camp member. You are free to spend the day finding your partner. Lunch is served at the Cafeteria. Your schedule is attached below the letter for Camp Package #9. Thank you for coming to Camp Bear. Enjoy your stay and happy finding! Camp Activity Schedule 6:00 - 7:00 BREAKFAST 7:00 - 8:30 Yoga 8:30 - 9:30 Swimming 9:30 - 10:30 Martial Arts 10:30 - 11:30 Rock Climbing 11:30 - 12:30 LUNCH 12:30 - 1:00 Rest 1:00 - 2:00 Kayaking 2:00 - 3:00 Hiking 3:00 - 4:00 Bird Watching 5:00 - 6:00 Rest 6:00 - 7:00 DINNER 7:00 - 9:00 Stargazing 9:00 - 9:30 Bonfire 9:30 Rest Lorna S. Wyola Camp Minister Oh great. Seriously? Yoga? Who does Yoga everyday? At least, there's Martial Arts. I just want to get out of this stupid camp... whatever. And who's my partner? I could just spend the rest of the day sleeping instead of finding my partner around the campus. What the hell am I gonna do? Yell 'Hi guys! My name is Jade f*cking Carter. Is anyone here my partner?!'. What a great idea?! This is just like Prison Hell. I sighed. \"Let's just hope this ends fast.\" I said to myself, opening the door. I headed to the cafeteria for lunch. - 8 - Time Skip - 8 - I lined up in the cafeteria. As I saw the food, I could feel my stomach growling and my mouth drooling. \"Uh... I'll have baked macaroni, an apple, chocolate pudding and orange juice.\" I said to the cook. I made my way back to dining area. Everyone seems grouped. The nerds, the popular ones, goths. It's like school all over again. I tried not to get the attention so I quickly looked for a seat. Too late... A boy behind me whistled, \"Hey pretty girl! You know you'll look prettier if you take off that jacket.\" \"TAKE IT OFF!\" his friends kept shouting repeatedly. I continued making my way to the table beside the door. ' Calm down, Jade. They're just teasing ' I told myself. \"Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass right there! Hey. Can you give me some sign?\" he continued to flirt with me. That's it! That ticked me off. He's really gonna get it. I stopped walking and turned to him, \"Yeah and it says 'F*ck off!'\" Everyone silenced from my snapback. I think I did the wrong move. He started making my way towards me. He gave me a dirty look from head to toe. The same look everyone gave me since I broke up with Ash. No. Jade, forget about that. That's done. It's in the past. I just glared at him, \"Someone has anger management issues...\" he said, his face close to mine. I can already feel his minty breath. \"Back off pug face.\" he chuckled at my comment. Right now, I can feel everyone's eyes on us. That's when everything went slow motion. He flipped my tray and the food went to my clothes. I looked at myself. I didn't know how to react. Should I be angry? Should I cry? I didn't notice when I began to step back from embarrassment but I slipped from my orange juice. Their laughter just became louder. \"Too embarrassed to cry, Carter?\" he said throwing me his an apple core. His friends started throwing me random stuff then everyone joined in. I tried defending myself with my arm but I know it's no use. It continued for 2 minutes but then everything suddenly stopped when I saw a staff member approached me. \"Carter, Mason. Office. NOW.\" I was about to stand up when I saw him offering me a hand. I shot him another glare, \"I don't need your help, Mason. You've helped enough.\" I replied sarcastically with a glare but what surprised me was his face. My face dropped when saw him. I thought he was smiling and proud from embarrassing me successfully in front of the whole camp but its different. I can see it in his eyes. It's so clear. When I looked into his eyes, all I see was regret and hurt. What? Why is he so sorry now? 'Cut it out, Jade! You're staring' I sighed and stood myself up. Wait. How did he know my last name before the staff member called me by my last name? He didn't know me before but I knew I have seen him before. It's like he was just... someone I knew before. That's weird.[Chapter 4] SCOTT'S POV \"Carter, Mason. Office. NOW.\" I'm in trouble now. I realized Jade was still on the ground. I didn't think twice and give her my hand. My face softened when no one tried to help. She just shot me a glare, \"I don't need your help, Mason. You've helped enough.\" I pretended like I regretted everything. I pretended that her words felt like knives. That's the only thing that I can do right now: PRETEND AND LIE. She stared at me and her glare dropped. I can feel her trying to read my eyes. She was just close to crying but she just stood strong instead. I hope I can't blow my cover or I'll get in trouble but some part of me just wanted to feel sorry for her. Why do I feel like this? You'll find out sooner or later. She suddenly left my eyes and stood up. She went first to the office before I followed. This is just gonna be so awkward. - 8 - Time Skip - 8 - Once I opened to the camp manager's office, I was greeted with angry faces. They're really hospitable people, right? I made my way to the empty chair. I looked around the room which was not too big but not too small. It had a table made from mahogany and two chairs set beside it. The room also had pictures of animals around the campus but mostly full of pictures of her and her cats which sent me chill down my spine. Creepy. Beside the door was fish tank right which was enormous and full of fishes. I noticed Jade was sitting on the right side. I gave her a wink while she just shot me a glare. Cute. She's blushing. I looked at Ms. Wyola. She was a fubsy woman with a creepy love for cats. She wore neon green pant suit which showed her... erm... balloons (if you know what I mean). ' Talk about dress code ' I thought to myself. She dyed her straight hair blonde with a pink streak which was black before. She also has a huge mole beside her nose. No offense, but she looks like a pig to me (a well fed one too) and she also reminds me of the matchmaker from Mulan. Beside her stood Mrs. Johnson, the head camper. She wore shorts and a black t - shirt together with her sash. On the other hand, she was skinny. She also wore nerdy glasses and she had buck - toothed teeth. Her hair is in a ponytail. \"Ah Mr. Mason. I thought you'll never come.\" she greeted me. \"Oh don't worry. I just came here to check the room. Oh wait. What am I doing here?\" I replied sarcastically, still smiling confidently. I knew if I answered that, it will just anger her even more. I'm just plain annoying. It's funny how Ms. Wyola's just turning red from her anger. She's looking like a tomato right now. \"Ms. Carter was just telling me what happened on the cafeteria. Is that all true? And take a seat for pete's sake!\" \"Oh she's telling the truth alright.\" I said while taking a seat. \"You don't really know how a real camper should act do you? If you weren't...\" she kept on babbling about the incident. Being the good listener I am, I ignored her. She just scolded me thing like 'you're a nuisance to this camp' and 'you're an irresponsible little twat'. All I could think of was 'someone already said that to me' and 'been there, done that'. I looked at Jade and she wasn't really listening too. I just smiled at her and she just looked away. This is just too cute. \"... DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME MR. MASON?!\" I just nodded at his question. I yawned, \"So are we done yet? 'Cause I got some real business to take care of. Everything's settled. I got your point. I deserve being scolded. Goodbye and have a nice day.\" I said standing up from my chair. \"SIT! We're not done yet. This is the first day, Mr. Mason and you're making a bad first impression to me!\" she yelled at me. I groaned while taking a seat in defeat, \"What's the hold up?\" \"Well, it's really appropriate that the two of you will be sent back to your homes because of your bad behavior but I did realize that it will just do a favor to you, am I right? Well here's your real punishment: the two of you will be roommates. Mr. Mason will be staying in your room, Ms. Carter.\" my eyes widened at his remark. It took me a minute to process his words but still can't believe at what she had just said. \"WHAT?!\" me and Jade said in unison while standing up. \"I'm not done yet and SIT. DOWN. THE TWO OF YOU! Beside from being roommates for the rest of the camp, the two of you will be also not continuing your activities. So you'll be babysitting, cleaning and help the staff around the camp. I think that seems to be fair for the two of you, hmmmm?\" I sat down, still not believing at my punishment. This is just the best summer ever. Really. \"Any questions? If none, you may go out now.\" me and Jade both stood up from our seats and stomped out of the office angrily. I stopped in my tracks and looked at her, heading to her our cabin room. Sigh . I head back to my \"former\" cabin room and packed my things. This is just too awkward. JADE'S POV I slammed the door with force from my anger and I don't care if everyone heard it, \"AHHHHHHHH! Roommates? Roommates?! I'd rather die than be with him.\" I screamed at the top of my lungs while holding my hair. I ended up sliding back behind the door. Tired all from the crazy things I did. I checked the clock. 2:47 pm If I just ignored his comment, I won't been Mr. arrogant's stupid roommate. I punched my fist at the floor in frustration. As much as I wanted to cry, I can't. I just can't. I just held my knees to my stomach and my head facing the floor. I tried my best forgetting him but my mind kept bringing his image up. What's so special about him anyway? First off, he knew my last name before he knew me. Now, he just seems so familiar. I tried my best remembering him. Hours past and I still can't figure it all out. My anger just left me and now... I just felt nothing. I sighed and went back to fetch my towel at the closet. I didn't realized I'm still wearing my stained jacket. Maybe a good shower could clean my mind a bit. SCOTT'S POV - 8 - Time Skip - 8 - I packed the last of my clothes and went to open the door, carrying my bags. I went to the hallway where our announcement board was. Our names were posted with our room numbers. \"Jade Carter. Jade Carter. Jade Carter. Carter. There. Room... 195. 2nd floor.\" I said to myself. Not a bad place for a cabin room. She's near the view of the lake. I made my way to our room. When I reached our room, I knocked properly since I haven't got a spare key. After a few knocks, she still hasn't opened the door. \"Jade? Jade? You there. It's me. Please open the door. Are you still mad?\" I said. Guess she's still mad but I'll have to be honest, it's my fault. I waited for 2 minutes but she still hasn't open the door. I kept pacing back and forth impatiently. Yeah. I don't like waiting. Out of curiosity, I listened behind the door but I can't hear a thing. \"Jade? Uhhh... You there? I'm coming in.\" I opened the door and saw no one inside. Maybe she went somewhere else. I started fixing my things when I heard another door open. I turned around and saw Jade with a towel that reaches down to her knees. I could feel my nose bleeding from what I saw. \"AHHHHHHHHHH! Get out! Get out! Get out! You perv!\" she screamed, pushing me outside then closing the door. Well, that's what you call awkward. I could feel my cheeks turning red. Am I blushing? I'm still frozen from my spot. Jeez. What do I have to sleep with a girl? \"Uhhhh... c - can I... come i - in?\" I stammered. Damn! I'm nervous. For what? She opened the door but she's dressed this time in her jammies. I entered the room quietly, sitting in the bed. Now, I'm gonna get killed by girl but she did look cute in those jammies. Wait. What? \"Do you even know how to knock?\" she said crossing her arms. \"I knocked dumbass!\" \"Yeah. How about the word privacy? This is a bedroom stupid!\" \"You mean OUR room.\" She face palmed in defeat, \"Fine you win!\" I smiled. I stood up and took my towel, heading to the bathroom. \"What do you think you're doing?\" she asked. \"Ms. Grumpy pants, I'll be taking a shower if you don't mind. I do have my OWN right to shower, don't you think? Can a good - hearted man get some peaceful shower?!\" she rolled her eyes then minded her own business. That seems a yes to me. ' Maybe she's on her period or something. She'll get over it! ' I thought to myself. After I finished showering. I put on my boxers and went back to the bedroom washing my hair. I almost forgot Jade. I looked at Jade and she was staring at me, blushing. Ha! Cute. I smiled at my idea, \"Like what you see? It appears I made Ms. Grumpy pants blush.\" \"G - get some shirt y - ya grumby!\" she yelled still blushing. \"I sleep like this.\" \"Well, you can't sleep like that in here. I'm a girl.\" \"I do what I want and this is also MY bedroom so...\" I trailed off jumping on the bed beside her, closing my eyes. She suddenly pushed me out of the bed making me open my eyes in surprise, \"Ha! Sleep on the floor.\" \"Now, who's being mean?\" I got from the floor and went back into the bed. Silence took over us. No more arguments, no more excuses. I can get used to that: us not fighting. I think that's better. \"Hey. I'm still mad about embarrassing me in front of everyone. Don't feel too comfortable around here.\" she said before going back to sleep. I sighed, \"Night snowflake.\" I said but I know she can't hear me. I was about to fall into my own dreams when I suddenly heard \"something\" ringing in my bag. I got from my bed and went to fetch it. I looked back at Jade and she was still sleeping peacefully. ' She looks so peaceful when she's a sleep .' I thought. I was brought back when she rolled over to the other side of the bed. ' Stop staring! ' I told myself, remembering what I'm doing. I got up and got a shirt. I picked the key from the table sneaked out of the room. I could almost feel my heart pounding this time. I never really sneaked out or do something like this before. I went to the lake where no one can see me. I pulled out my phone and it had a message from an unknown caller but I knew exactly who it was. Unknown Caller: How's Day 1? Did you do it? Me: Of course I did. I even got in trouble. Plan B? Unknown Caller: It's simple... Oh no. I think I don't wanna do this anymore .[Chapter 5] JADE'S POV I woke up with the sun's rays shining on my face with birds chirping outside. I felt two strong arms around my waist? Wait. What? I turned around and saw Mason hugging me. I could feel my cheeks were heating up. ' He's really cute when he's asleep. ' I thought. Huh? ' Knock it off, Jade! Just push him off the bed then hit him with a pillow. ' I told myself. Hmmm... that's a pretty good idea. I grinned mentally at my idea. I tried removing his arms around my waist but the he just tightened his grip on my waist. Dang! He's really strong! \"Going somewhere?\" he said in his low raspy voice. Damn! That sounded sexy. \"Mason. Let go! Wake up. Wake up!\" I said trying to push him off of me. \"Hmmm... how about... No. I lost my pillow.\" \"I'm not! Your pillow, Mason.\" he chuckled, \"The name's Scott. Scott Mason. Stop calling me Mason.\" \"Okay. SCOTT. Now, let. Me. Go\" I said emphasizing his name. He placed his head on the crook of my neck, his eyes still closed. I tried rolling over but forgot that I was at the edge of the bed. We ended up falling on the ground with him on top of me. His eyes immediately shot open and realized our position. I stared into his blue eyes and felt myself lost in them. My face became redder than it was before. My heart pounding so fast. Silence took over us. We just stayed in that position until I realized Scott was closing the space between us slowly. He started close his eyes. Our noses touching. I closed my eyes without even thinking. I could now feel his soft lips until someone knocked on the door. \"Breakfast is served. Mason, Carter. You've got a day ahead of you.\" We both groaned then his widened when he realized what he was doing. He stood up then helped me, \"I... I should really... uh... go.\" he stuttered while scratching the back of his neck, blushing a bit. He headed straight to the washroom still embarrassed. I took a deep breath and realized I was holding my breath. I stood back until I felt the cold wall. My palm placed in my chest, feeling my heartbeat that's beating fast. I slid my back until I was on the ground. My knees now close to chest, holding it close. My went black all sudden. I can't think. It just went blank like that. Nothing. Then somewhere from my mind came to me: I ALMOST kissed Scott! SCOTT'S POV \"I almost got her. I was soooo close!\" I said before biting onto my apple. \"Ha! Classic. You've got to be better than that Scotty!\" Dan said, laughing at me. Jeez! This is so embarrassing. I never really expected that to happen. Dan patted my back, \"At least she fell for it, Scott. Did she looked like she was about to get kissed?\" he asked and I nodded as a reply. \"It's really funny when up close.\" I added. \"Well here's your chance, lover boy. Here she comes!\" Dan alarmed me. I turned my head around and saw Jade heading to our table. I smiled at what I'll be expecting to happen. This is just too easy. \"Scott, Ms. Wyola said we'll be washing the dishes then we'll be cleaning the whole campus and we'll also set the the bonfire. Uhm. Scott.\" she said. I raised my eyebrow, \"Can I talk to you for a sec?\" she asked. I stood up from my chair. I walked with her towards the door. I looked back at my friends and winked at them. Once we were all alone, I looked at her then... she slapped me? What? DAMN THAT F*CKING HURT! THIS GIRL KNOWS HOW TO SLAP A GUY! \"What the hell were you thinking?! Why would you f*cking kiss me?! You're such a JERK!\" she yelled at my face. \"Kiss you? Why the hell would I kiss you? I rather puke!\" She moved her face closer, \"You think I have feelings for you?! Think again you twat! I don't fall for that easily and this isn't love at first sight.\" She really did take her confidence pills. (i) I moved my head closer to her, \"Sorry to burst your bubble, Jadie but you really aren't my type of girl.\" \"Next time you do that to me I'll make sure you wouldn't just get a slap from me.\" she said harshly, trying to scare me but it just boosted my confidence. I chuckled coldly, \"What would that be princess?\" I moved my head closer. she shot me a glare, \"Try me.\" she moved her head closer. Our noses were now touching. Our faces were so close I could see the freckles on her face. We stayed in that position until Jade walked away. I groaned and face palmed myself in frustration. I thought she already had grown feelings for me. I thought she fell for that trick. Boy, I was so wrong. This girl really knows how to push my buttons. She wants to play hard to get? I'll play with her. - 8 - Time Skip - 8 - I entered the dish room wearing an apron, some yellow rubber gloves and a hairnet. I looked at the counter and there were stacks of dirty plates. There were two tables with water hoses and a sink. I sighed, ' Well, here goes nothing. ' I thought. I suddenly saw Jade approaching. Once she saw me, she shot me a glare while I winked at her. She stopped in her tracks and came close to me, \"Stay. The hell. Away. From me.\" she whispered slowly to me. \"Like I'll do that.\" I snorted, rolling my eyes. I looked at her but she ignored me and continued to wash the dishes. \"Someone woke up on the wrong side of the bed...\" I trailed off. She grabbed the water hose and sprayed me with cold water. I tried grabbing her but I slipped and fell butt first. She laughed at me and clutched her stomach while holding the table for support, \"Who's on the ground now, Scottface?!\" she said between her laughs. I rolled my eyes and stood up, \"Oh hardy har har Jade.\" What a tease! She still hasn't change. Maybe some things never change. - 8 - Time Skip - 8 - I roamed around the campus since Jade and I finished cleaning the whole camp early so we decided to have ourselves a little break from cleaning then we'll be setting for the bonfire. I already changed wet clothes from earlier. \"Oy! Scott! Scott!\" I heard someone yelled from behind me. I turned around and saw Dan approaching me. \"Scott. Camp says we'll be playing for the bonfire. We gotta go! Band practice. Now.\" he said breathlessly and we went straight to the music room where our band was. Once we got to the room, everyone started arguing which song we'll be performing. I just leaned on the wall thinking what song we should perform. ' Hmmm... How about Jet Lag? Nope. Too mainstream. Wait. That's it! ' I broke the fight, \"Guys. I just got the perfect song.\" I smirked. JADE POV'S Glad that's over. I finally finished setting for the bonfire. The best thing about it? Scottface didn't even help. Everyone gave me the 'what - happened - to - you' look while I ignored them. Do you want to know what I looked like? I looked I was dragged by a giant bear! My face and my clothes are covered with dirt. I cursed under my breath, \"He's so dead.\" I said while my teeth were gritted. I opened the door to my room and surprised when I saw Scott. He was wearing a t - shirt under a black leather jacket, some ripped skinny jeans and vans shoes. What the heck was he dressed for? He looked at me weirdly, \"What happened to you?\" he asked looking confused. He completely forgot about it! I shot him a glare, \"Don't ask me that! Where were you?! I set the whole bonfire by myself!\" His eyes widened as if he realized he ditched me. Uh, well hello! You did ditch me, Scott! I crossed my arms, \"Well?\" He cleared his throat, \"Just dress for tonight.\" he patted the top of my head. Now I'm the one looking confused, \"For what?\" I asked. He just gave me his world's famous smirk, \"You'll see...\" he said before leaving the room. What's Scottface planning for tonight. Once I got out of my dirty clothes and finished cleaning myself, I went straight to the bonfire. It wasn't just a normal bonfire with a few logs to sit on. In fact, there was a huge fire in the middle and a large stage in front with lots of logs for the whole camp to sit on. Scott reserved me a front seat so I decided to sit there. Why would he reserve me a sit? Everyone silenced when the lights started to focus on the stage. \"Good evening campers! Welcome to our first ever lovely bonfire gathering. For tonight, I requested some of our campers to perform. Since I can't wait any longer, let's give around of applause to ' The Heartbreakers '.\" she said in her high pitched annoying voice before getting off the stage. Everyone cheered and the girls started squealing while jumping up and down like fangirls. Me? I don't cheer. My eyes suddenly widened when I saw Scott holding a bass guitar. Wait. He sings? I don't remember him singing in our room or playing a guitar. Well, this should be good. He eyes set on mine and winked at me. I rolled my eyes in reply. \"I like to dedicate this song to a ' special someone '. I hope you guys like it.\" he said grabbing the microphone. He took a deep breath then started playing his guitar while I watch in anticipation. Met a girl at seventeen Thought she meant the world to me, So I gave her everything, She turned out to be a cheat Said she'd been thinking for a long time And she found somebody new I've been thinking that this whole time Well I never thought you'd stay That's okay I hope he takes your filthy heart And then he throws you away some day Before you go, there's one thing you oughta know If you can't hang then, there's the door, baby If you can't hang then, there's the door, baby If you can't hang then, there's the door, baby If you can't hang then, there's the door I don't wanna take your precious time 'Cause you're such a pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty face But you turned into a pretty big waste of my time I don't wanna take up all your time 'Cause you're such a pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty face But you turned into a pretty big waste of my time You're the lowest type You're the lowest I met a girl stuck in her ways She found a boy she knew she'd change I changed my clothes, my hair, my face To watch us go our separate ways She said we've grown apart for some time But then she found somebody new I hope Mr. Right puts up with all the bullshit that you do Stay the hell away, While I sit here by myself And figure out how I got this way Before you go, there's one thing you oughta know If you can't hang then, there's the door, baby If you can't hang then, there's the door, baby If you can't hang then, there's the door, baby If you can't hang then, there's the door I don't wanna take your precious time 'Cause you're such a pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty face But you turned into a pretty big waste of my time I don't wanna take up all your time 'Cause you're such a pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty face But you turned into a pretty big waste of my time I don't want to get things confused She said she'd never settle for some boy she couldn't use So now I gotta call the doctor So he can prescribe me medication So I can deal with all the memories of being here this way I met a girl at twenty-three Knew she meant the world to me, So I gave her everything, And she did the same for me Imagine that! 'Cause you're such a pretty, pretty face No you're such a pretty, pretty face Woah, oh yeah... 'Cause you're such a pretty, pretty face No you're such a pretty, pretty face I don't wanna take your precious time 'Cause you're such a pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty face But you turned into a pretty big waste of my time I don't wanna take up all your time 'Cause you're such a pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty face But you turned into a pretty big waste of my time Would you please stay and come inside, baby Would you please stay and please be mine, baby Would you please stay and come inside, baby Would you please stay and please be mine? Everyone gave them a standing ovation including me. They were really good to be honest. Scott really sings well despite his bitchy attitude. But there's just one thing that's bothering me while he was performing. It's just that it felt really weird because he was looking at me the whole time as if the song was for me. KEYWORD: Whole time. He did say he dedicated the song for \" someone special \". Am I the special someone he was referring to? No. Why the hell would he dedicate that song to me? We just met. Wait. Yes. I think I met him. He really looks like I knew him but what did I ever do to him? Wait No. Yes. No. Ugh! I'm just so confused right now! Scott approached me snapping me out of my thoughts, \"So? What do you think?\" he asked. \"You're actually a good singer Scottface but that's just one song.\" I teased him. \"Oh come on Jadie!\" he pouted like a child. He knew I can't resist him looking at me like that. I can't look at him any longer. I covered my eyes in defeat, \"Alright. I admit it. I like it! Just... don't stare at me like that. Ya happy now?\" He laughed, \"I know you like it when I do that Snowflake.\" he said before running off to out room. Huh? Snowflake? Did he just called me snowflake? \"And stop calling me names!\" I said, followed him. \"Sure buttercup!\" ","Summary":" If you could take a part of your past to change it, what would it be? Would you change it into some"},{"Movie":"Diary of a Wimpy Kid","Title":"Diary Of A Very Wimpy Kid Christmas!","Author":"Blue eye beast 93","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8750492","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Patty Farrell couldn't believe what she was hearing. Her parents had some how been good friends with the Heffley's once upon a nightmare in high school! YUCK! Well, sure, Mrs. Heffley and Mr. Heffley had always been nice, and Rodrick was, well. . . Rodrick, and that little brother of Heffely's was so cute! Her parents had decided to go on another honeymoon. \"You know you can never have more than one!\" Her dad had shouted in his booming big voice. \"Yeah, but not after having one just last week. You have to wait for at least so many more months.\" Her father had overheard her speaking, \"Did I just hear someone sass back to me!\" Patty sighed, and rolled her eyes\"No, I'm just saying-\" \"Well, maybe if you just got your nose in those school books more, and not in other people's way, you wouldn't be so mouthy!\" \"I'm not, I'm just saying!\" Patty had cried, trying to explain. \"Dear, leave her alone, she is a big girl, she knows to listen.\" Her father eyed his wife, then glared back at her. \"That isn't true, is it, you got a B+ last time on your test, didn't you? Now you know that you need to get straight darn A's! And why don't you do more school activities? You can be so lazy sometimes, you know that?!\" \"Darling, your blood pressure!\" \"Back in my day I was the top of everything! I didn't lazy around with dreams stuck in my head like your little head does! And there ain't nothing wrong with day dreaming, just not how much you do it!\" \"Dad! First of all why do you always have to shout! And also it is 'isn't, not ain't.'\" \"Shut up, that is not how you talk to your father!\" \"DAREN!\" her mother yelled, coming over to her husband, \"Please, what if the neighbors hear you?! You don't know how embarrassing that will be!\" Patty's eyes started to feel watery. It was never because her dad should be loving, it was always because of the neighbors hearing. She shook off the pain. \"Patty, why can't you just be more like your sister? Why are you so!. . .So. . .you?!\" \"I HATE YOU!\" She screamed after a few more lectures of how awful a kid she was, \"I wish you would just leave me alone!\" \"Patty Ferrell! What on earth has gotten into you?! Daren, maybe we shouldn't take her to the Heffley's, she'll embarrass us for sure! Now please use inside voices!\" Her dad had grabbed her by the shoulder. \"Dear, the Heffley's are not very well to do. It wouldn't matter anyways.\" \"But Daren!\" \"Shut up, Caroline, we are taking her, that's final!\" He yelled back, dragging Patty to her room. \"Now pack up your things, and hurry, we have to drop you off, and leave in time for the plane.\" Once he was out her door she rubbed her shoulder. She hated when her dad grabbed there, it really hurt. \"Toughen up Ferrel. You are just getting started.\" then she walked towards her suit case and threw things in. It took her awhile to not try to cry, and finally she decided to just break down while packing. \"I hate them!\" But inside her heart she knew she never could. Even if they never loved her. The time when they came to watch her at the play of wizard of Oz was the most love they'd shown in a while. But of course Heffley had to mess everything up! \"But most of all I hate that stupid lousy, rotten boy!\" she sniffed, and punched her clothes into her bag. ()()()()()() \"WHAT?! Why is Patty Ferrell coming to our house?!\" Greg practically shouted, the bowl of Captain Crunch dropping back in. He was sitting in the kitchen when his mom told him the horrendous news. This had to be the worst moment of his life. \"And believe me when I say I've had a lot of bad moments!\" Greg told the readers. Susan looked over at him with confusion, \"Who are you talking to?\" \"No one, mom, no one.\" Then he went back to eating his cereal. Greg just shook his head once he was done and brought his dish over to his mom, whom was doing the dishes. \"Mom, why would Patty want to come here? She hates my guts!\" 'And I hate hers.' he thought. Susan smiled, and said in the good old fashion mom way \"Oh , Gregory, I highly doubt she hates your guts.\" \"Mom, she still holds a grudge to the song I sang in elementary. Patty, Patty is a fatty!\" He bellowed, his arms acting out with him. Susan gave Greg a look, \"She has every right to be, Greg, you shouldn't have made that mean song up.\" \"But she is pretty ratty!?\" \"Greg, don't say that!\" \"But that's dishonest mom, and I thought you didn't want me to be dishonest?!\" \"GREG, do not bring that frightening nightmare up again.\" He shrugged, and started to help her, \"Well, I still don't want to be found in my bed with my heart ripped out. You'd be torn. So maybe she can stay with someone else's family. Like Rowley.\" He then thought evilly to himself, 'Or Fregley's !\" \"You know Rowley's family is away on vacation for Christmas.\" She said, putting the dishes away. \"And every other friend of her's is gone on a trip to family to go celebrate Christmas with there family's.\" Susan paused, then looked over at her son, \"You know, I feel bad for Patty. Christmas without her family must be hard on her.\" Greg looked back at her, then saw Rodrick walking in with a sleep deprived look. He made a mean face at his little brother, making him flinch. Greg rolled his eyes, \"Yeah, sure mom.\" \" I'm being very serious, Greg.\" Susan said, eyeing him, as she handed him another dish to dry. He gave a fake smile, \"Yeah, I know.\" But still it didn't mean he wanted Patty living with his family! She was already annoying as it was. But living under the same roof would probably make them both crazy in less the ten seconds. Greg and his mom were almost done with dishes when the door bell rang. Susan smiled at him, \"That must be them!\" Greg watched his mom walk away. \"Great.\" He muttered, as he walked out of the kitchen, and up to his room. This was something he could only rant about in his diary. \"It's a Journal!\" He proclaimed towards the author. \"Whatever!\" Replied the Author to the mouthy kid of, Diary of a Wimpy kid. R&R;[Chapter 2] She still couldn't believe that she was here for Christmas. Standing on their front porch that had Christmas wreath hanging in the front door window. It was awful. Her parents had let her walk all by herself. She slowly lifted her mittened hand and rang the doorbell once more. \"Coming, one second!\" Came a womans voice. She felt really nervous. She didn't like the feeling that a family she only knew a bit, was going to be taking care of her for a whole week. Like she was an orphan or something. \"This is so stupid!' she sniffed. Mrs. Heffley opened the door. \"Come on in.\" She said, stepping back to let her in. Patty gasped. Everything in their house was in Christmas theme. There was a Christmas tree, with tinsel, and lights, and bunch of decorations. Presents laid underneath all piled together. reign deer paper decorations hung on the walls. Santa's sleigh of deer and Mr. And Mrs. Claus stood on their counter. There was stockings, with candy canes hung over the fire-place. And even cookies set out early for Santa. The stair case had decorations on the rail, twirling around the railing to the top. \"All you need now are chestnuts roasting by an open fire.\" She murmured to herself. \"And figgy pudding.\" \"Wait, where are you're parents?\" Susan asked, looking around outside. \"Didn't they -\" Patty cut her off short, \"No, Mrs. Heffley, they aren't much for being late to things, or of course they would have walked me up.\" She lied, going over to the plate of cookies, and taking one. Mrs. Heffley just nodded her head in a way of understanding,\"Well, come and warm up by the fire. We have some breakfast cereal if you'd like some? Or I could make you some scrambled eggs and bacon and pancakes if you'd like?\" Patty nervously walked inside the living room, \"Um, do you have any coffee I could have? Toast would also be sublime?\" Susan Heffley just paused and smiled down at her in concern, \"Aren't you a little to young to have coffee?\" She asked. \"No. I drink it all the time at my house.\" she said simply, taking a bite of her cookie, and blinking back at Susan, who was helping her take off her coat to hang up. \"O-kay! Coffee and toast it is!\" She stated, walking toward the kitchen after she hung up her coat. \"Thanks.\" Patty replied back, looking around the Heffley home. She felt someone bump into her, \"Hey short fry, move it!\" She turned to find Rodrick Heffley. \"Why don't you buzz off, Heffley?\" she exclaimed, then sticking her tongue out at him. He seemed surprised, \"Why you little!\" Susan came back in, \"Everything okay in here?\" \"No, this little girl is wayy rude!\" Rodrick said, walking away, scratching the back of his head. Susan rolled her eyes, \"Are you sure you weren't rude first, Rodrick? But don't worry, I had wanted to have a little talk later about manners with you anyways.\" \" Me, rude?!\" He said nervously walking up the stairs, \"Never! I just meant how great it was to have her here, Not being rude like other. . . people . . .do.\" Susan didn't look convinced \"I wasn't bugging you, was I (short fry)?\" Patty faked a grin, as Susan looked at Patty, waiting for her answer, \"No, of course not.\" 'Why would that little weasel bother me?' she thought in amusement. 'Anyways, he makes my living enemy's life miserable.' Rodrick seemed relieved of her answer \"See!\", and ran upstairs, stumbling along the way. \"Oof.\" \"Good. I'm going to get that toast for you. Now, do you want any butter or honey on it?\" \"No thanks.\" She smiled, she hated that someone who wasn't even her mother was caring more for her more than her own. \"Rodrick! Knock it off!\" Greg's voice yelled from upstairs a few minutes later. \"Rodrick, stop picking on your brother!\" Susan yelled up towards the stairs bringing back Patty's food. \"Love, show some love, okay!\" She shouted up again. \"Please!\" She said, rubbing her brow. Patty looked up the stairs, angry that they weren't listening, \"Would you like me to break it up for you, Mrs. Heffley, I can teach them a thing or two?\" She exclaimed, punching her fist in her right hand. Susan looked down at her, a little startled,\"Oh, no sweetie, this is just what brothers do. They fight, but in the end they are always there for each other.\" Patty looked up at her confused, \"Oh. Really? Well, okay Mrs. Heffley, if you say so. But my offer still stands if you need it\" Susan laughed, thinking she was joking, She handed Patty her toast, \"O-kay.\" Patty ate her toast in a flash, and apologized to Mrs. Heffley for eating so quickly \"Patty, you know you can call me Susan, right?\" \"Oh, okay.\" She looked down, she didn't know what to say after that. \"Well, um, would you like to sit and relax and read?\" Patty didn't feel anything would relax her at this moment. \"No thanks.\" \"Well, I just be out in the garden, . . .gardening if you need anything. Just holler.\" Susan said, as she fished out her gardening tools, and big sun hat. \"You garden?\" walking further into the house, Patty stopped by their family photo on a purple, violet, desk. They all looked so happy together. \"I thought you had a lot of things to do?\" Susan looked back, \"Oh, well, um.\" Patty realized her words may have offended Mrs. Heffley, \"Not that I'm judging you. I-I love gardening.\" she smiled shyly. She always hated to admit that. \"Really?\" Susan replied with a bright grin, as she put on her sun hat. \"Well, why don't you join me then?\" \"Oh, sure, I'd love too.\" Patty scratched the back of her neck, and felt the sweat drip a little, \"But there's a lot of snow outside.\" Susan face turned, \"Really? It's snowed already?\" \"Well, it is November.\" 'You think she'd get a hint by her own house.' Patty thought. Patty watched her throw her things back.. Susan smiled as she went over to put on her stocking cap, over the top and back of her head,\"I guess that's true. Well, then I think I'll go for a walk. Would you like to come with me?\" she asked grabbing her gloves out of her coat pocket she'd just put on, \"Then when we get back, I'll set up some hot chocolate for everyone.\" Patty thought about it, she knew Mrs. Heffley wouldn't force her, and she hadn't been outside all day except for when she was dropped off by her parents, or when she got here. \"Um, okay.\" she smiled. \"Oh, this is great! The boys never want to go walking with me! This is so exciting! It's like having the daughter that I've always wanted!\" Susan then replied shortly after. \"I'm sorry, I have a feeling I'm coming on to strongly. How about I send Greg down, and you two can hang out for a while! Then we can walk later?\" She started to walk up the stairs to where ever Greg's room was. Patty grabbed her by the arm, \"No!\" she realized than that Mrs. Heffley probably thought she was acting crazy. So she let go of her arm, and shook her head, \"I-I haven't gotten to exercise in a while, how about we walk first?!\" Susan nodded her head, \"Oh, well, okay.\" Then they headed towards the door. Patty put on her coat and heaved a sigh of relieve, \"That was a close one!\" Greg heaved a sigh of relieve. \"That was to close!\" He had heard what his mother had said about him and Patty hanging together, and hid in his closet, hoping she wouldn't find him if he hid behind his hung up clothes. Thank goodness Patty stopped her. Sometimes it was really nice to know someone who hated your guts as much as you hated theirs. That would mean they would either try to avoid you as much as possible. But then Patty always wanted to torture him. So maybe it wasn't that great. He went over to his JOURNAL on his bed, opened it up, and started to write. Guess who was just here? Patty Ferrel, that's who! She was down stairs with my mom. They just decided to go for a walk. So there gone! Thank you Lord! Is it bad if you really want a bear to some how come and eat someone? Yeah, I didn't think so.-_ \"Greg, Patty, come down to eat!\" his mom shouted, waking him. He turned his head towards the door \"Ah!\" he said, jumping up. \"What are you doing in my room?!\" There stood Patty, by his door. She just staring down at her fingernails, looking annoyed, \"I was told to wait up here while your mom made a suprise feast for everyone.\" \"What?!\" He said, \"Why?\" \"Wow, your so talkative aren't you?\" she snarled sarcastically. \"I don't know why she just is. Scared she'll poison you?\" \"No!\" He said angrily, he was really begging to think about running away. \"If anything it would be you.\" Patty rolled her eyes, \"Oh, Heffley, always so original, aren't you?\" \"You know what, Patty!\" He began to say, but then he was cut off by his father's voice, \"Greg's, um, what are you still doing in here? Mom wanted me to tell you to come down and stop smooching or whatever it is you're doing.\" he said, \"Which with my own words, You better not be.\" \"DAD!\" He shouted, \"Ew, gross, first of all! and second, why would I do that in my room!\" Patty looked startled also, \"Him, and me. NEVER!\" She looked around his room, \"And this would personally be the worst place to have my first kiss at! It's so, \"ick,\" Greg Heffley!\" Then she walked out past Frank. Frank smiled, \"I think I like this a lot better than the time I found Rodrick with a girl in his room. You two actually hate each other, this is great!\" He said pumping his fist, Then stopped and blinked when he saw Susan standing beside him, \"I mean, you really shouldn't hate anyone, ever. Cause that would be so wrong!\" \"Good answer,\" Greg heard his mother say. \"Yeah, learn to love, and cherish. Stand up for love! Be-\" Susan rolled her eyes, \"Frank! You can stop now. Just go back down stairs, please, so I can talk to our son, alone.\" Frank just nodded his head, \"Alright.\" He then gave Greg a sorry look behind her back. Once he was gone, she sat down next to Greg. \"Greg, I know this is hard. But please try to be friendly, it helps when you hate someone to be nice to them, and try to love them back.\" \"So you hate her too, huh?!\" he asked, not getting the message. \"No, Greg, I don't. I actually think she's pretty nice. Might have a little temper, but nice all around.\" Susan stated with a smile. \"Yeah, well believe me mom, that's just all an act. Patty Fat-I mean Ferrell, is not nice.\" He patted her hand, \"She's a wolf in grand ma's clothing!\" \"Greg! That is not nice, you do not know her.\" \"Oh believe me I know Patty Ferrell.\" He said with a roll of the eyes. \"She doesn't care about anyone but herself.\" Susan's eyed him, \"Sweetie, you know how they say if sometimes you look real closely, you'll see something you didn't before?\" \"Yeah?\" he replied. \"So you want me to look really closely at Patty?\" She smiled, \"Sweetie, I want you to try to see her for not how she acts towards you, but try to get her to open up to who she really is, is all I'm saying. I think she really just needs a friend.\" He grunted, \"I guess your right, mom.\" \"I know I'm right.\" she said, taking him in a hug. He hugged her back. \"Now, come down for supper, I made the stuff that is Patty's favorite. Or so her parents told me when I asked.\" He faked a smile. \"Yeah, okay.\" he would only do this for his mom. Forty five minutes later: \"Who knew Patty was allergic to rice. You'd never know till now.\" Frank said, rubbing Susan's back as they walked out to their car from the hospital. \"But her parents said she loved Chicken riced lasagna!\" Susan said, tears in her eyes. \"I have a feeling Patty's parent's don't know anything about her.\" Greg whispered, looking over at her. \"Just a hunch though.\" \"But how could they not know what she's allergic too?!\" Susan replied, holding Patty's hand, \"She-she could have died. \"I'm so sorry , I feel so responsible!\" she said to Patty, as they helped her into the back seat. \"Mrs. Heffley, I'm fine. Remember I took the allergy pills the doc gave me.\" she said, \"And my parents do to know things about me!\" she glared at Greg. \"They just forget some things, sometimes.\" she huffed flipping freed hair out of her face. Greg just lifted his hands up in defense. \"Sooorrrrry!\" Manny climbed onto Patty's lap. \"Sorry you feel no good.\" he said hugging her. \"Thanks Manny, that's nice of you.\" she said, patting his back. \"Can I sit on you lap till home?\" \"Well, you better ask your mommy, okay cutie?\" \"Okay. Mommy, can I sit on this girls lap?\" Susan put her hand over her heart at the precious moment, \"Only if you don't care, Patty.\" Patty smiled up at her, \"No, Mrs. Heffley, I don't mind.\" Greg just rolled his eyes, \"This has to be an act.\" he pulled on his moms sleeve \"Shouldn't we be going by now?!\" \"Greg! No.\" Susan hissed at him, then she looked back at Patty, \"Where would you like to go to eat, will treat you to something?\" \"How about a place called Louie's restaurant. My sister and I use to go there all the time. They serve really great tacos.\" She said, almost as if she was reminiscing. \"That sounds good.\"Susan smiled, \"Of course! And tonight was taco night anyways.\" \"Yeah!\" Frank said, grinning like a young boy, \"Good choice, kiddo!\" he ran around to the driver's side, \"Hurry up Susan, I bet they still have the salad bar open!\" \"Ooh, where we goin'?\" Rodrick asked from the back seat, taking off his ear plugs. \"Dad's got that look in his eye. Must be taco night!YEah!\" Greg looked just as excited. They rarely ever went out to eat anymore because of some cuts they had to make. \"I know, taco night here we come!\" \"Tacoriffic night is what you mean!\" Patty chimed in. Then they both looked away from each other in shock. \"Man, you all really like Tacos.\" Susan sighed, getting in the passenger side seat. \"I just hate that I can't have any since my new diet plan.\" \"Oh, Miss Heffley, you look great just the way you are. At least have tacos on taco night!\" Patty said, patting her back. Susan paused for a moment, thinking about it, \"You know what, Patty? You're right!\" \"Of course I am!\" Patty smiled, \"I'm always right!\" Greg chuckled. \"Funny.\" Patty glared at Greg, \"Hey Rodrick, mind sitting in the middle?\" Rodrick looked over at her, and then at Greg. \"Wow, it's like day show voo all over again!\" he muttered, \"It's Deja vu , Rodrick!\" Greg replied, rubbing his forehead. Rodrick glared at him \"Let Greggy here sit in the middle, I think he likes baby seats.\" Rodrick smiled evilly over at Patty. Patty slowly smiled evilly back at him, \"You know what, you're right! Heffley, why don't you sit in the middle after all?\" she said to Greg. Greg just rolled his eyes, \"Great, now there are two of them. . .\" he whispered, starting to climb over Rodrick. \"How about we put the baby seat in the trunk.\" exclaimed Susan, looking over at Rodrick, \"Now.\" Rodrick looked annoyed, yet grinned nervously. \"O-kay Susan!\" \"Rodrick, If you call me Susan one more time, you will get your van taken away again!\" Rodrick froze \"Yes ma'am!\" He said, looking scared. Once the baby seat was in the back of the trunk , Greg and Rodrick got back inside the car, and they drove to Louie's . Patty and Greg glanced over at each other. She looked away first rubbing Manny's head and telling him stories as he laid his head down on her shoulder. 'Maybe she isn't as bad as I thought.' He said to himself. Seconds later he and everyone else got out of the car to walk to the restaurant. \"Greg, why is there a wet stain on your pants?\" Greg looked down, \"What?! How did that get there?!\" \"Yeah, you think you would have felt it at least?\" Rodrick laughed, \"Now there's the Greg we know, am I right? Huh?\" Susan gave Rodrick a look. Greg glared over at Patty. \"Here, take this.\" Patty said, with a serious look on her face, as she handed him and towel, \"Just hold it where the spot is, and no one will notice.\" \"Uh, thanks . . .Patty. . .\" This was just getting weird. His mortal enemy, being nice?! But as they started to walk into the restaurant, Patty looked back at him, and whispered with a grin, \"Gotcha.\" Greg stood there amazed, \"Evil! Pure evil!\" he shook his head, thinking of a way to get her back. But at the same time Patty looked over at Manny, and smiled. \"It's okay, sweetie. He's not mad at you.\" Manny's worried looked went away. \"Welly?\" \"Yep.\" She covered for him. He was such a little cutie pie, that she couldn't let Greg think of getting him back. Because that was what she thought Greg best at, getting people back. That's what he had done a lot of her life growing up. First with the song. Then with other things. So she decided to always be one step ahead. But lately she realized that he wasn't as bad as he use to be. Like the time he covered for Rowley when he had eaten the cheese. She knew he was lying because she had watched outside the window when Rowley ate it. So she just went along with it. And acted out perfectly. Or the time when Greg helped Rodrick come in for a girl, or something, even though there was only supposed to be one guest per person. She couldn't remember how many times she told a lot of people that he was the guest of so and so. \"Looks great in here Patty!\" Susan smiled as they all sat down near a table by a window. Patty snapped back to present, \"Yeah, but don't order the hamburgers here, they are defiantly not good \"That's for sure.\" said a voice from behind them. Patty turned around, \"Gracie!\" Patty bursted out, getting up out of her seat, and running to her. \"It's you!\" \"That's for sure!\" the girl named Gracie replied, taking Patty in a hug. Susan smiled back, \"Patty, who's your friend?\" Patty turned to her and smiled, \"This is my sister,\" Susan looked surprised, \"Really?\" \"Yeah, and you must be Susan Heffley,\" Gracie said, pulling her hand out towards her. Susan took it with a smile, \"Yes, and you must be Gracie.\" Gracie smiled, \"You guessed it right.\" Her long blond hair, that was in a sloppy bun, and her green eyes shined. \"I got your message about Patty. I was about to go back home with my grand parents when I got your call. I'm glad to see every things okay with by beautiful angle.\" She teased Patty. Patty gave a real giggle, this was new to Greg, and it shocked him. \"Please!\" \"Wait, I thought that was your parents number.\" \"They get theirs confused with mine sometimes.\" Then Gracie looked a little strung out, Susan asked if everything was okay \"Well, I figured out that my parents changed the locks and all. I'm not really old enough to call the lock smith, and my grand parents aren't to happy with my parents right at this moment. And I was so worried about Patty that I think I'm just emotionally drained\" \"Oh, so are you thinking of taking Patty back with you?\" Susan asked, looking a little disappointed. Greg just let hope sink in. \"Oh, no. I mean I'm moving back. My Grand parents feel like I should move back in with my parents since they want me to be apart of their lives too, mostly Patty's though.\" she said, smiling down at her sister. Patty hugged her back. \"Maybe you can stay with us!\" Gracie looked surprised. \"Oh, Patty, I don't want to intrude on any of the Heffleys.-\" Susan cut her off, \"No! You are welcome to join us! Please, it would be excellent to have you and Patty with us! More the merrier I always say!\" Frank looked over at her in a 'What about me?' look. \"Yeah, both of us agree.\" \"Oh, yeah, sorry honey! Frank and I would both love it!\" She said, rubbing him on the shoulder. \"Thank you.\" he whispered to her. She chuckled back. \"You're welcome.\" Gracie looked at them back and forth, \"Well, if it wouldn't cause any trouble?\" \"Not at all! Now would you like to join us for lunch?\" Susan asked with a smile. \"Of course, let me just see if Grand ma and Grand pa would like to join, if it isn't, again, any trouble?\" \"None whatsoever.\" Well, it was to Greg. The thought of what Patty's grand parents where like, was a frightening thought! \"Probably like her! Evil!\" Once Gracie came back in, she introduced them to everyone. Patty went over to hug them. 'Hm, they are actually pretty nice.' Greg decided when the Grand pa gave all the \"young-ins\" a gold dollar. Susan kept on wanting them to give it back, \"I'm so sorry.\" \"No, I intended on giving it to them anyways. Well, at least Patty, anyways, but I just love giving out things out to their friends so I can impress them.\" He whispered the last part to her. Susan smiled, \"I understand.\" After all of them where finally seated at a long table, Gracie looked over at the person she was sitting next to, \"Rodrick?\" She proclaimed. He turned to smile at her evilly, \"Hey Tracie.\" Gracie glared at him. \"It's Gracie.\" \"I know, Tracie Gracie.\" She just glared at him, \"I forgot your last name was Heffley. What a shame for your family. They have to have a failure for one black sheep son in a family I guess!\" Greg looked over at them, \"Hm, this looks familiar.\" \"Yeah but of who?\" Patty asked. \"Oh! So that's why I thunk of you a boy when we first met.\" Rodrick replied to Gracie. \"IT'S THOUGHT! NOT THUNK!\" Gracie shouted at him, slamming her fist down, and standing up right from her chair. He just smiled up at her, \"Ooh, awkward.\" Everyone was staring at her, \"Um, sorry! Thought I saw a rat. False alarm\" she said, making everyone go back to what they where doing. \"Because then I realized that it was just your hair.\" she spat silently to Rodrick. \"Ooh, burn.\" He said sarcastically looking away. He looked annoyed at what she said, as he combed his hair with his fingers. \"Barbie brat!\" \"Yeah, really familiar,\" Greg said, taking a bite of his taco. \"To bad I'll never figure it out.\" Patty said sipping some of her coke. \"Ha, yeah, like a lot of things I'm sure.\" Patty just glared at him , and ate her taco. \"Stuff it Heffley!\" \"Whatever,\"[Chapter 3] Taco night had gone pretty well. Greg soon found out that even though he and Patty were enemies, they had a lot more in common with each other than he thought. He loved to play video games all day, she loved to play video games. Just not all day. They both did not like Rodrick, even when she would join in with him to pester Greg sometimes. And Comic books were a must! \"Greg, honey, don't you and Patty want to play outside at all?\" Mrs. Heffley asked, walking over to the two kids lost in video game world. They had coke cans spread out. \"No thanks mom.\" Greg said, ignoring her, eyes focused on the tv. \"Well, Patty, what about you?\" \"Nah, Mrs. Heffley, I'm beating your sons butt!\" Patty chuckled, Elbowing Greg in the arm. \"Aren't I Heffley?\" \"Hey, no violence!\" Greg said, pushing her away, but secretly smiling. \"And you just think your kicking my butt, wait till I kick back.\" \"You two, no name calling, okay?!\" Susan told them firmly. \"Yes Mrs. Heffley.\" Patty smiled up at her quickly, then focused back on the game. Susan looked over at the mess they had made, and started to kneel to the ground to clean it up. Patty glanced over at her. Than at Greg. He didn't even care his mom was picking up after him. It was normally what always happened. \"Mrs. Heffley, would you like help with cleaning?\" Patty asked, turning off the game station. \"I can help you!\" \"What?!\" Greg replied, feeling confused. \"We can help you.\" Patty repeated to him through clenched teeth, than smiling over at his mom. \"Oh. Well that would be great!\" Susan said, with a grin, \"I would really appreciate that, Patty! If Greg and you don't mind that is?\" \"I mind.\" Greg said in a grumpy voice, setting down his game control. \"But if it helps you I guess I can.\" Greg replied, standing up and looking around. \"Thank you so much Greg.\" Susan replied rolling her eyes. \"Sure thing.\" She left them in the living room to go start lunch. Patty started cleaning up the chips around the living room table. Greg looked at her, \"Patty?\" She blinked up at him, \"What?\" Greg felt nervous. \"Why are you being so nice?\" He asked, taking the empty coke's on the floor in his hands. \"I mean, you aren't this way at school.\" Patty looked embarrassed. \"Well, Heffley, some people aren't always what they seem.\" Greg laughed, and Patty glared at him. \"Sorry, I just thought you were always so . . .so\" He felt he couldn't finish his sentence. \"Mean?\" she finished for him. \"Well, not really that, but. . .\" \"No, Heffley, I know what you're talking about. I-I act that way sometimes because. . .I don't know. . .\" \"Why?\" Greg asked as they threw their trash away. \"Because, sometimes I'm scared.\" She sighed, looking impatient as she walked over to the kitchen. \"Oh,\" He said, walking right behind her. \"Why?\" \"Augh! Because it's just apart of who I am. I have a temper, sometimes I get mad. But when I am mean. . . I guess I just don't like getting close to people if I know they won't be around for long.\" Greg smiled at her, \"Well, I've been around you most of your whole life. No way you can get rid of me, Patty Farrell.\" he said, patting her back, \"Bet you love that, huh?\" he teased. She hit him in the arm. \"Shut it, Heffley.\" she smiled back, rolling her eyes. \"Aw! What's going on here?\" Susan asked, as she looked over at them from feeding Manny his meal. \"Nothing, just playing around. Would you like me to take out the trash for you?\" Patty asked, changing the subject. Susan brought her the bag \"Sure, that would be great, thank you so much sweetie!\" Once Patty was gone, Susan went over to her son, \"What in the world was that all about?\" \"What do you mean?\" Greg asked, looking up from picking up some toys Manny had played with. \"Patty, she opened up to you, Greg! Do you know how long I've tried to have her open up to me? Hmm, well do you?\" Greg squinted at his mother, wondering if she was mad at him or just impressed, \"For two days?\" he answered. \"YES!\" Susan exclaimed, hands up in the air. \"You know, Greg, you've just always had this gift for opening people up to you! I love that about you! Maybe you should become a consular.\" his moms eyes sparkled with the thought of his big successful future as a good man. Greg grinned at the thought also, \"Yeah, maybe I should! Good idea mom!\" he replied, thinking of all the money he could earn. 'I wonder how much video games I could get if I became a consular?!' he thought to himself, tapping his chin. Just then Patty came back in, walking back with the trash can in hand. \"Rodrick is outside and told me to go ask you to give him some money for food.\" She told Mrs. Heffley. \"Okay, thank you, how much did he want.\" Susan sighed, rubbing her forehead. \"Ten bucks.\" Patty replied with a sour look on her. Susan looked upset, but marched right over to her purse, and pulled out a five dollar bill, \"I'll go and tell him that he's only getting five. And some other things also.\" She replied, walking towards the outside door. Patty looked around the Heffley home, \"Hey, ain't to shabby in here!\" \"Hey, Patty, would you like to be my client?\" Greg asked eagerly. \"Okay, for what?\" she asked, looking over at him. \"For therapy sessions. I could help you face your fears and stuff. Good idea, huh?\" Gracie came down the stairs towards the kitchen, and Rodrick came back inside and towards the same direction where Patty was hitting Greg. Gracie came running over, \"Patty, stop this now!\" \"Yeah, squirt, you're hitting him to softly, let me show you how.\" Rodrick smiled slyly, walking over and hitting Greg square in the head. \"Ow!\" Greg shouted, hitting him back, \"Knock it off Rodrick!\" \"Make me.\" He mocked, laughing as he walked cooly away towards the seats in the kitchen. Gracie rolled her eyes and looked down at Patty, \"What's going on, Patty?\" Patty glared over at Greg, than gave a sweet smile to her sister, \"Nothing, absolute nothing!\" Gracie just let go of her and sighed, \"Fine, but no more hitting, understand.\" \"Fine, I'm just going to go outside, I can't stand to be around this much stupid in the morning anyways, well, aside from you that is!\" Once she was gone Gracie hit Greg on the back of the head. \"OWW!\" Greg stated, glaring at her, and rubbing his head. \"What was that for?\" \"For whatever you said.\" Gracie stated back, sitting on the other end of the table, opposite of Rodrick. Grabbing a sandwich from off the table she turned her chair further away from him. \"Yeah, what did you say to that short fry ,like yourself, to get her to attack you?\" Rodrick asked with a mouthful of food, \"Cause I mean that was just awesome, the way a girl took you down!\" Greg sighed, \" She did not take me down, . . .I just let her! I told her I'd give her some counseling if she wanted me too, I don't know what the big deal was?\" Gracie rubbed her forehead, than gave him a disappointed look, \"Really? You don't realize how offensive that is?\" She asked pausing at him. Then looking over at Rodrick, \"He really is your brother, isn't he?\" Rodrick just shrugged, not looking over at either one of them \"If he thinks the two of you need counseling, than yes, he is.\" Everything went quite after that, and Gracie was staring intensely at Rodrick while he was eating. Greg suddenly felt he should probably get out of the kitchen before a war rang out. \"O-kay, Bye I guess.\" He said slowly with a nervous chuckle as he walked slowly away. He ran outside to find Patty. What a weird start of the day. The cold air pushed it's snow flakes into Greg's face. He looked around the yard as he saw Patty a few feet away, face up and tongue out. He smiled as he walked towards her. \"Aren't you freezing?\" He asked, holding his hands together. \"Yes, but it feels good.\" She replied softly, snowflakes falling on her eyelashes, and cheeks. The freezing cold made her feel numb. It felt almost refreshing. Like knowing that she could feel the cold almost made her feel less like a loner loser. At least she wasn't a cold snowflake who melted by the time it touched someones cheek. At least she didn't disappear like the snow did when the sun returned. Greg felt worried, she was shivering. \"Here,\" He said taking off his coat and wrapping it around her, \"My mom will be mad if you catch a cold.\" he looked at her some more when she didn't react to anything he said. He rubbed his arms, and joined her in looking up at the falling snow. \"Patty, I'm sorry. I just wanted to make sure you were okay?\" There was a silence. The wind blew in the trees. And Greg felt her shift beside him, but he didn't look down at her. \"Honestly Greg, I'm not. My family left me, my mom cares more about how she presents herself and her family, then about us, and how we are doing. My dad gets really angry at me, and had even told me to stop feeling so sorry for myself, and toughen up, family and love are not everything. \"You want to know whats everything Patty?\" She said in a mocking deep voice, \"Winning, winning is everything. If you can't win, better be that you are just alone. A lonely loser is what you become, cause then no one will care about you!\" She was starting to shake for more than the cold out doors, \"Do you know what it's like to feel you have to be good at everything just so you're family cares. Besides my sister, I really am a lonely loser!\" She cried, hands in her face to hide her tears, \"The feeling is the emptiest feeling in the world, you probably don't even understand. . .so please don't try too.\" Greg felt himself reach over and put his hand on Patty's, \"Patty, I'm, I'm so sorry. . .I didn't know that was going on. You don't need to win to have love. And if your dad and mom are making you feel like that, you should realize that it's their lost, not yours. I mean yeah, it's wrong that they don't care, but I know my mom cares, I know Gracie cares, and my dad cares, and Manny, and I-I care too Patty! We all do! We are here!\" He was surprised when Patty pulled her arms out and hugged him tightly, tears streaming down her face. \"Thanks Heffley. . .\" she said, letting go quickly, she handed him back his coat. \" Sorry for hugging you.\" He looked down, \"No problem. I know how it feels to be lonely. . .Maybe not with my family, but with friends and people in general. . .\" He looked up at her and smiled. \"Wanna go inside and see if Gracie has already killed Rodrick?\" Patty laughed, wiping away her tears. \"Oh no! You left them in there alone!\" She exclaimed sarcastically. \"What will we ever do!\" They raced towards the door, laughing. A/N: Sorry it's so short, I've been busy lately. All is going to get better. Don't worry, not every thing is dramatic all the time, lol! :) Review please if you have any ideas that I should do? I already know what I'll be doing. But it's nice to have some different things to think about also.:) Justanothergirl~[Chapter 4] A/n: Don't worry, I will be posting more chapters soon. I just felt like writing this part. A little short thing for Rodrick and Gracie Farrell.~ It was two-day till Christmas eve. Rodrick had hung up a stocking that said 'Tracie', instead of Gracie. Gracie just glared at him punching him hard in the arm, \"Jerk!\" He just put tapped her on the head three times with his hand, and grinned back evilly, \"Whatever.\" Then went to lay back on the couch he had slept on. \"Do you always lay there?\" Gracie asked coming over towards him, sitting on the edge of the couch. He turned on his stomach, his arm crossed and his head on top, \"What do you think, Barbie?\" She scoffed, \"Me? A Barbie? Why do you think that, emo, couch boy?\" He looked up at her and his smile darkened, \"You do remember who abounded who, right?\" he chuckled and dug his head further down in his pillow. She put her hand on his back. \"If you feel that way, shouldn't we talk about it?\" \"Stop being that person please.\" he growled, shrugging his shoulder so she'd move her hand away. She did, \"What person are you talking about?\" He snorted, \"You know what type of person. Girly and all that, you weren't ever that way before. . .\" She chuckled sarcastically, \"Is that why you said you hated me then?\" \"Well, I felt . . .\" He sighed, scratching the back of his head, and groaning \"Go away, Barbie. You do realize you are ruining my sleeping cycle?\" He said, throwing his hand up, and waving it back a forth for her to leave. \"That's right, Rodrick, this cocky brave guy until it comes to something important. Sort of like school!\" \"Heh heh, You still think that's important, Loser!\" he muttered to himself, smiling. She stood up and looked down at him, \"Right, I'm the loser. You can't even explain to me how you felt when you thought I somehow abandoned you.\" She started to walk away, then turned towards him again. \"And I never changed, Rodrick, I just learned that being a \"Young woman\" was okay too, because that's what I am! I'm a Woman!\" Rodrick snorted again, \"That's funny!\" \"And you know what, you're still a little scared boy!\" She hissed towards him, \"Just,. . .Just grow up!\" He looked up at her in annoyance. \"Go away, turd brain!\" \"Wow, the best you got, huh?\"She came forward towards him again. \"What else, Rodrick? Huh, what else?\" He got up and walked away from her in annoyance, shaking her head, but she was right on his tail, \"Why are you being such a coward, why can't you ever just talk to me! Why do you always leave when things actually start to get discussed?! Huh? Why? Rodrick!\" She said angrily grabbing his arm, and turning him towards her. \"Just tell m-!\" He shut her up by grabbing her wrists, pulling her forward, and kissing her. Rodrick moved himself a little., putting his hands on her waist. Gracie stood frozen, until her eyes started to flutter shut, and she responded by putting her hands on the back of his neck to pull him closer. Once they broke away Rodrick looked away from her embarrassed, than looked back at her as he rubbed his neck, \"For some one who thinks she's smart. You are pretty dumb when it comes to things like this. . .\" Than he stumbled awkwardly back up the stairs to his room, leaving a stunned Gracie at the middle of the stairs. \"Wha-. . .\" She put her finger tips to her lips and felt herself get all warm inside her heart, like it might explode. \"What. . .?\", Than she smiled and looked down, flushed. Little did the two know Greg and Patty stood in the opened door way looking up in shock where they had stood. They had seen everything! \"What just happened?\" Patty whispered in astound disgusted, scrunching up her nose like something really smelled bad. \"I think we just figured out why they are so mean to one another.\" Greg answered with the same look as Patty. \"I just wished they could have been a little more private about it, yuck!\" \"Tell me about it!\" She proclaimed looking over at him, \"I mean, your brother and my sister, . . .Why?!\" \"I think it's cute!\" Susan whispered behind them. They jumped at the sight of her, \"Mom? How did you get there?!\" Greg asked. \"I guess the same way you and Patty did.\" Susan smiled, \"Ah, young love. So sweet!\" \"Mom, ew!\" Greg groaned, taking off his coat and cap, and hanging it up. Patty joined him, \"No, not gross, unless it's those two!\" Greg nodded, smiling at her, \"Lets get so get some cookies.\"[Chapter 5] Greg and Patty were throwing snowballs at each other in the yard, and laughing, when a car horn honked and a Buick pulled up into the Heffleys drive. \"Oh great.\" Greg muttered, looking over at his aunt getting out of the passenger side door along with his cousin and Uncle on the other. Patty took her chance to throw a snowball right in the middle back of his brown-haired head. \"Ow!\" Greg declared, rubbing the back of his head, and turning towards her, \"Wha-\" little did he get to finish his sentence before another snowball hit the front of his face smack dab in the middle of his upper nose, and some in his eyes. \"Hahahaha!\" Patty began laughing, \"Heffley, you should have seen the look on your face. \"Oh, that was so funny!\" \"You think that's funny, huh?\" He asked with a sly look on his face. \"Well, duh I do?\" She smiled smugly. He nodded, standing up with his hands in the air as defeat. \"I have to help my aunt. . .\" Patty looked over towards his family, \"Oh, okay. Sorry for embarrassing you in front of them.\" She said, smiling with a smug look still on her face. When she wasn't looking though Greg came running towards her, \"Hey, Patty!\" She turned around towards him and he took her down onto the snowy ground, and sat on top of her. Then started flinging snow at her face. She was laughing hysterically, telling him to stop. \"Ahh, hahaha, stop, hahaha!\" Than came over a boy around Greg's age to help her, \"Hey, you need help fair maiden?\" Patty and Greg looked up at him. \"Whoa!\" Patty said in a whisper. Greg shook his head, \"I know, it's scary, right?\" Patty nodded, \"Yes, he's so cute!\" Greg looked over at her stunned at first, then laughed, \"Ha ha, really funny Patty!\" \"I'm not joking, Heffley, he's good-looking.\" she gave what she thought was her best smile at the his cousin. \"Yes, I'd love some!\" He pushed a dumbfounded Greg out-of-the-way, and helped up a smitten Patty Farrell. They were half way inside the house and they seemed to be chatting and laughing. Greg just sat there in the cold snow after them. \"But, . . he looks just like me!\" \"Not entirely, he has hair that is greased back with hair mouse. And he is dressed way nicer, but other than that, yes my brother, he is practically your twin.\" Greg turned to see Rodrick leaning on his van, smirking down at him, \"Why so stunned, chum?\" \"Shut up Rodrick. . .\" Greg growled, looking back over at them, \"Why would she like a guy who looks just like me, it's weird?!\" he just kept on staring, \"And Rodrick, it's Mousse.\" \"Shut up, mouse!\" Rodrick stated, kicking him like real brother on the back. Rodrick leaned forward and looked down at Greg's face. He chuckled, shaking his head and sat down next to him. \"Greg, let me give you some brotherly advice.\" Greg just kept on looking over at the two, like he couldn't pry his eyes away, \"What?\" \"Just tell Patty that you like her or something.\" Greg jumped up, \"What?! I never said that! That's gross, and weird?!\" Greg kicked Rodrick in the leg, and walked off\"Why is he always so gross?\" he muttered, walking past Patty and his cousin, Freddie. He looked back at them, \"Patty, aren't you coming inside to play some video games?\" Greg asked her, taking her hand and pulling her with him. She glared at him, than smiled back at his twin cousin, \"Um, yeah, I actually want to do that for just like, a couple of minutes.\" She smiled back at Freddie as Greg pulled her along. \"Okay, but why you would want to play those icky things, it makes no sense to me what so ever.\" The Evil twin Freddie said, nose high in the air. Greg shuttered, he was saving Patty by making her play video games. Sure she would tell Frankie that he was a loser for not liking video games, Greg looked back at Patty's reaction. She seemed calm, and smiled sweetly at him, \"I guess we all have different things we like.\" Greg snickered at this, than went quiet once he saw her glaring at him, \"Heffley, shut up and just play some Zelda with me please!\" Greg agreed still smiling as they sat down and started it. They were half way through the middle of the game when Freddie interrupted, \"Gregory, your mother said that you and Patty, and I and your bother and his girlfriend\" Rodrick came towards him, ready for the kill when Gracie just grabbed him, and pulled him back, \"- may open one present tonight.\" Freddie finished, smiling at the two very focused players. \"Whatever.\" Greg muttered. \"Of course, thanks Freddie.\" Patty said, giggling and giving him a quick kiss on the cheek. Greg, now unfocused by his video game, looked back and forth at Freddie and Patty. \"Why would you kiss my cousin, sick!\" Greg whispered to her when Freddie was gone, feeling a little sick himself. Patty frowned, \"It was only on the cheek. Why does it matter?\" Greg got up off the floor, and walked away from his character Link, and from Patty. \"It doesn't, I'm going to go get something to eat.\" \"Greg! What are you doing?! At least pause it!\" Patty growled, pausing it. \"What the heck man!\" She said, coming after him, \"We coul-\" Greg looked annoyed and like something hit him in the gut. \"Hey, whats wrong?\" Patty asked, face starting to turn in concern. \"Nothing, I think I'm just hungry.\" Greg replied back, he was a little confused to by how he was feeling. Patty was just his. . .fri-enemy, who was slowly turning into a friend. This was weird. . .? \"Wait!\" Susan shouted over at them, holding Manny. \"It's the misletoe!\" Greg and Patty looked up at the red dangling thing up above both of them. Greg squirmed. And Patty looked red. \"I don't want to!\" They both said, and they both meant it also. \"Well, a kiss on the check won't hurt.\" Greg's aunt said, smiling softly down at them. Patty quickly came forward and kissed Greg on the cheek, and she walked away just as quickly. Greg felt his heart beat speed up when she'd kissed him. \"What in the world am I thinking?\" Greg said, scratching his head, walking away in the opposite way of Patty. Freddie stood in his way to his room. \"What do you need Freddie?\" Greg asked nicely, but in his head he was shoving him out of the way and then his dog would poop on Freddie's head. He chuckled at the thought. \"Gregory, I am sorry to say that I will be taking Patty as my girlfriend, and I'm asking you nicely to step back and away from her.\" He told Greg. Greg gave his famous look of disgust and confusion, \"Why in the world would I want Patty Farrell as my, ick, girlfriend.\" Than he looked back at Patty, then back at his cousin \" And why would you? You are only thirteen.\" Freddie smiled, \"Glad we have an understanding on the part about Patty. But about the age part, it is something you'd have to figure out for yourself. But I'll give you a hint. It's when you start to realize that a girl is a girl, and good looking one at that.\" Freddie laughed, patting Greg's shoulder as he walked around him. Greg looked back at him, \"I can't believe not only is he related to me, he looks like me too! How awful!\" he shook his head as he walked back up towards his room, and jumped right into his bed. \"What a jerk. . .\" he mumbled, \"Why would Patty like him. . .?\" He wondered, starting to write in his journal. \"Stupidity is what it must be, because he looks exactly like me!\" \"Not exactly. -\" Rodrick started to say. \"GO AWAY, RODRICK!\" Greg shouted, throwing his pillow at him. \"Wow, someone is on their period!\" Rodrick said, throwing the pillow back at him. R&r; please and thank you! :) A/N: Hope none of you hate me for this. But I know when I had a crush on a guy, I would still be his friend and we'd still hang out. It's just the start of realizing you like some one is sort of smack in the face sometimes, sort of like Greg, Patty and Freddie thing. Again, hoping none are mad with this. Because it will still be more friend ship than anything. Had to type this in a hurry, because I have to leave to go to Grandparents house for Christmas Eve! Merry Christmas everyone! ~Justanothergirl~[Chapter 6] \"IT CHRISTMAS!\" Greg heard Manny shouting through out the house. \"IT CHRISSSSSSTTTTMMMMAAAASSSSSS SSSSSS!\" He yelled into Gregs room, and then ran in and jumped up and down on top of his bed, \"Bubby, wak up, it CHRISTMAS!\" Rodrick came next, \"Hey little turd, mom says to come down and eat breakfast with the family.\" Greg moaned, and rolled onto his side. \"I'll be down in one moment. . .\" \"Yeah, come down Gregory. My family had brought a lot of Christmas presents.\" Freddie said, walking into the room, smiling. Rodrick sat on Greg's bed, and chuckled darkly \"Greggy, I wonder what Patty will give you for Christmas.\" Than he came closer to him to his ear and whispered. \"Maybe a little kissy wissy like last night, hahaha!\" the laughing came out louder, and rang in Greg's ear Greg hit Rodrick hard with his pillow for that one, \"Leave me alone, Rodrick.\" Rodrick, shook his head, got up, and walked away from him, \"What? I can't help but tell the truth!\" Greg was to wrapped up in his own thoughts to realize Rodrick didn't even attack him for hitting him in the head. Gracie had seen the entire thing. \"I'm surprised you let him hitting you slide.\" Rodrick rolled his eyes, \"It's Christmas , Barbie, what do you think?\" Than he turned to look at his little brother, \"Anyways, he's going through a confusing time now. I should know, cause I was a lot like him when I was younger.\" Gracie smiled, \"Wow, first thing you talked to me about that wasn't just attack.\" She said patting his arm, \"Good job.\" Rodrick shook his head, and looked at her causally evilly, \"Remember, I said it's the Christmas.\" Gracie put her arms around his neck, and kissed him. Letting go she winked at the gaping boy, \"I don't think it is.\" than started to walk away, down stairs. He watched her go, than jumped up in the air, and pumped his fist, and did a little dance. \"Yes, yes, yes ,yes, yes, yes!\" He shortly stopped when he looked over and saw Greg watching him with a scared look on his face, \"What are you doing?\" Greg asked slowly. \"Well, look who looks like Scrooge in his underwear!\" Patty shot at Greg, passing by his door. Greg shrieked and closed the door quickly. \"Patty, what are you doing out there?!\" Patty just ignored him, and looked over at Rodrick, who still had a hold of his foot like he was trying to be cool, and break dance or something. \"Hello, awkwardness. . .\" Patty smiled. Rodrick , trying to act casual, put his foot down, and smiles all fake, \"Foot exercises, cause I'm a drummer.\" he said, backing away from her towards his room. Patty rolled her eyes \"Whatever.\" and started down the stairs. Lately she and Greg had been getting closer, but something was happening, she could feel it, and she didn't like the feeling. Whatever it was, because honestly, it scared the living life right out of her. \"Oh well, there's always Freddie.\" She smiled, thinking of the young boy who looked exactly like Greg, which for some reason she couldn't see. \"Oh miss Patty! This is just a fine day, is it not?\" Freddie asked, wearing his casual robe, and his hair dry and un-geled, looking normal for once, coming beside her. She felt surprised, \"Hey, aren't you even a little embarrassed, Heffley? I did just see your Toy story undies after all!\" she snickered, guessing things were going back to normal. \"Excuse me? I most certainly did not Madam!\" Freddie spotted angrily. \"Haha, are you trying to mock your cousin, because you really sound like him.\" Patty laughed, \"I mean I know I shouldn't laugh, but you are actually getting it down really well, it's so funny! Haha!\" Freddie looked even more offended, \"Do you think me to be Greg?!\" Patty quickly stopped, and looked towards him. He looked very upset. . . \"Freddie?\" Patty whispered, round eyes, \"You look just like. . .\" Then someone came storming down the stairs, and dashed past them. \"Watch out, Patty!\" Greg said back to her, \"I almost smashed ran into you, you could have died!\" Greg than stopped short, and smiled, \"Not that, that would be bad on my part, but on yours it might hurt just a little.\" Then he ran into the living room leaving a gaping Patty at the bottom of the stairs. \"And that was just Heffley. . .?\" She looked back over at Freddie, \"Oh my word! I'm so sorry! Freddie, I didn't know it was you, I thought you were.\" \"Greg? Patty, we are over!\" Freddie sniffed and turned his head dramatically away from her as he marched down the steps. \"Huh? When did we start?\" Patty asked after him, \"I mean, yeah, but when did I say I liked you?\" Freddie smiled, \"I think it's pretty obvious you liked me from the moment you saw me, right?\" Patty started to feel angry as she watched the smug smile on Freddie's face. \"I guess you just couldn't resist this face.\" Freddie sighed happily to himself while Patty's face turned. \"That face is practically Greg Heffley's twin ,you Jerk,\" Freddie not only heard Patty say, but felt the icy cold air around them. He back away from her slowly. \"And why in the world would I like a guy who hates video games, and I absolutely know nothing about! And so far I don't like anything about you. What I've learned is your just as full of yourself as Greg, you use Gel in your hair! What kind of kid wears gel in their hair?!\" She asked slamming her finger into his chest, \"And how dare you even sa-ay I like Greg Heffley, when I obviously don't you little rotten boy!\" Freddie just nodded his head, scared to say anything. \"Well, now that we have cleared that up.\" Patty said, walking away, \"I guess it's time you go in and celebrate Christmas with your family.\" Freddie looked after her. \"Um, where are you going my dear?\" Patty turned around, \"Outside for a walk, and if I ever hear dear come out of a mouth that looks like Greg Heffley's again. . .\" Patty faked a smiled at him, \" Let's just say you'll never want to call me dear again!\" Then she went outdoors and slammed the door behind her. Freddie felt relieved, than held his hands to his heart in happiness, \"Oh I think I am in lovvveee!\" Then he went into the living room where all the Heffley's, and Gracie were sitting. \"Where's Patty?\" Susan asked, looking behind him. \"She said she went for a walk.\" Freddie said smiling, \"Merry Christmas aunt Susan!\" Susan smiled, \"Merry Christmas, Freddie.\" Then she looked at Frank, \"Don't you think we should look for her?\" Frank rubbed her shoulder, and kissed her cheek, \"Now hon, I think she is just walking outside for a few minutes. If she doesn't come back after a while, then we will go out looking for her, okay?\" Susan smiled, holding Manny and cuddling closer to her husband. \"Okay, but in five minutes if she isn't back, we go looking, okay?\" \"Okay dear.\" Frank said, smiling down at her, and kissing her on the forehead, \"Merry Chritmas, I love you.\" Susan smiled up at him, \"I love you too.\" Then she laid her head back down on his shoulder, and he sighed with contentment. Greg had looked over at them in disgust at first, then he wondered what it would be like in a couple of years for him? Besides becoming rich and famous, who would be in his life-like his mother was for his dad? He shrugged, and asked his parents, \"Hey, when can we open are presents?\" Greg asked impatiently. Susan smiled at him, \"Greg, we are waiting for Patty.\" Greg rolled his eyes in annoyance. \"Really? Why don't I just go find her, and tell her to come inside?\" Frank groaned, \"Fine Greg, but it's Christmas, be happy! It's about more than the presents!\" He said, shaking his box that, hoping it wasn't just another tie. \"Right.\" Greg replied slowly, \"Well I'll go try to find her, okay?\" \"Wait one moment and I'll join you, Greg!\" Freddie said loudly, \"You shall not have her all to yourself!\" Greg shrugged, \"Um, okay.\" Then he and Freddie were off after they changed into warm winter clothes. \"PATTY!\" Greg shouted once they were further down the block, \"PATTY, I WANT TO OPEN MY PRESENTS ALREADY, JUST GET OUT HERE!\" Freddie was right along side Greg shouting as well, but a bit of a different tune from his, \"PATTY, MY LOVE! COME TO ME MY LOVE! HOW I WISH THIS CHRISTMAS WAS WITH YOU!\" Greg gave him a look, \"Really? My love? What are you William Shakespeare's son?\" He snorted. Freddie glared over at him. Then sighed. and smiled at Greg sadly,\"Well it's obvious she likes you more than I.\" Greg looked over at him in shock, \"What! No she does not, she likes you a lot! She gets all girly and sighs over you.\" Greg could feel Freddie staring intently at him. \" I to what you guys say and do and stuff!\" Greg felt his cheeks burn, \"I mean why would I . . . \" Freddie smiled sympathetically, \"Don't feel to badly, Greg, it is okay that you like her.\" Greg shuttered, \"Why?\" he asked. \" Because ... I don't know. . . because that's the way it is, I guess. Why do you think you like Patty?\" \"I don't know why, I just do! Maybe I hit my head hard on something, Maybe I have something wrong with me! All I know is I like her, end of story!\" \"Okay, okay, I get it you like her! What is the big deal then?\" The big deal is that I don't want to like her! she's mean and-and cruel, and she's awesome to hang out with, and she like video games almost as much as me! But,. . .\" \" But what Gregory?!\" Freddie asked, like it was a drama movies on TV or something! \"Like what?!\" \"Freddie,\" Greg said ignoring his dramatic self, \"She's more than mean, or pretty. She is kind and loving! I never knew that about her before! I really, really like her!\" \"Wow Greg! That was so beautiful! Just so emotional and real!\" Freddie said raising his hands dramatically up and down. Greg gave him another \"You're weird,\" look, \"Yeah, thanks . . .\" \"How are we related?\" Greg asked himself walking further away to try to find Patty. Little did they know she was hiding behind a bush. She hadn't wanted Freddie to find her crying about her parents, so she hid and was trying to stop crying. While trying to do that she had heard their entire conversation. Stunned she sat there, not knowing what to do, or say! \"This is crazy what the heck is going on with Greg Heffley? He must be sick!\" She said, feeling herself warm to the to thought him liking her. Then she shook her head, \"He's crazy! He really must have hit his head! Greg and I? Never in million years!\" Patty proclaimed, shaking her head. She heard Greg calling her name, and talking about her presents or something. She decided to get up and walk back to them, tears now gone from her eyes. \"Heffley, I'm over here.\" she called back to them. She saw Freddie running towards her. \"Patty, my love! Where have you been?!\" Patty groaned, \"Sorry Freddie! I just needed time to think. Thanks for being concerned, that's so sweet.\" Then she saw Greg behind him. He grinned when he saw her, and shook his head. \"Took you long enough to show up!\" \"Finally, now we can go open are gifts. Are you okay, Patty?\" Greg asked, seeing her face looked troubled. she smiled and said \" I'm fine. How about you?\" Greg shrugged, \" Hungry.\" he then handed her a gift wrapped present. \"Merry Christmas, Patty.\" \" Merry Christmas, Greg.\" she said looking down at her feet, grabbing the gift, a hint of red on appearing on her cheeks. \"Thank you.\" Freddie's handed her one said, thank you, again. Looking back and forth at them she wondered why it suddenly got quite. \"Lets get going.\" She started walking back to the Heffley house hold. Freddie was right beside her, and Greg was in walking in front of them. \"Greg?\" She said taking a hold of his coat sleeve as Freddie walked further down the snowy road. Greg looked back at her. \" Yeah?\" She lifted herself on her tippy toes and kissed his cheek, \"Um, Merry Christmas Heffley.\" then she quickly walked away. He stood still, watching her. Then smiled, leaned down and dug up some snow with his hands, and ran up to her, attacking her with it! \" Ooh, Heffley! You are so dead! Come here you little-!\" She started to run after him attacking him with snow. \"Mawahahahahahaha!\" They started laughing and Freddie joined in. It was the first time Greg had seen him play. \"See you at the house, I forgot there was something in our trunk that I got for you, Greg!\" Freddie started running back to Greg's house. Greg and Patty stared after him, then looked over at each other. They looked down at the snow. Greg looked over at her, \"Um, Patty?\" She looked back, \"Yes?\" He scooted over to her, since they were both on the ground. \"I was wondering, . . .What was wrong?\" She was shocked, wondering how he knew. \"How-\" He looked down at his jeans, picking at the knee. \"I-I saw a tear on your cheeks. And your face seemed a little wet. And when you. . .kissed me on the cheek, I could feel it a little. . .\" His face now completely red but he still stared back up at her, \"Well, are you?\" Patty turned her head away from him, \"Honestly Greg, it's never okay when your parents aren't even around for Christmas. . .but,\" she turned back towards him, \"I will be okay. Because your mom is great, your dad is, heck even your older brother is, and I just can't get enough of that cutie, Manny!\" Greg rolled his eye, \"Yeah, acts all innocent around you, wish he'd act more like that in general.\" Patty smiled, \"He looks up to you a lot Greg, you should be happy he's your little bother. I would be.\" Greg smiled , \"Heh, well then, you can have him.\" he said in a sarcastic voice. \"Heffley, i don't think you realize just how great you've got it, do you?\" she smiled at him. A genuine smile. \"You're family has managed to do what my family has never, except Gracie that is, they made me feel loved! And special. Like even if I messed up, they wouldn't get mad, your mom would tell me to be more careful next time, but other than that she was glad I broke that ugly dish. Ha, they are funny too!\" Greg nodded with a chuckle, \"Yeah, I guess so.\" Patty nudged him, \"And Rodrick, even though he doesn't act like it, he loves to be around you and give you advice on things, even if he is being half mean about it. He loves that you looked up to him.\" Greg's eyes went big, and he pointed at himself, \"Me, look up to Rodrick? No way!\" \"Yes, Heffley, yes way!\" Patty said with a stern look, \"And you. You are just as great! You make me feel welcomed even when we are arguing. It's sorta weird actually.\" Greg laughed, \"It's because we like each other secretly!\" He blurted. They both froze. Patty got up, \"Yeah, like in the friend way of course! Because that's totally what you meant, right?!\" Greg jumped up beside her. \"Yep, what I meant, defiantly what I meant.\" They went quite again, \"Race you home?\" Greg asked. Patty smile, \"I'll always beat you, Heffley. Always!\" \"Ha, yeah right!\" Greg shouted, running. \"Hey, that's cheating!\" She shouted after him, smiling! \"Heffley, don't make me beat you up again!\" Greg smiled back at her. \"I just let you!\" he teased. \"Well, than here I come!\" She shouted running after him, laughing. Christmas had ended well. Patty and Greg hung out even after she and Gracie went home. At school, and after. Rowley didn't believe them when they said they were friends. It was to weird for him. \"No way, you and Patty?! Friends?\" \"It's true.\" Greg said. \"Weird.\" \"I know.\" Patty said behind him. Rowley jumped, \"Ah!\" Greg and Patty laughed, \"Good one!\" He said, giving her a high five. \"I know, right, his face.\" She went over to Rowley, \"I'm sorry Rowley, Heffley begged me to do it!\" \"Oh no, there's two of them!\" Rowley said rubbing his head. \"Just great!\" Fin. A/N: Probably going to be changing some, and adding. I just wanted to finish this on Christmas. Merry Christmas, and a happy new year. R&r; if you'd like. ~Justanothergirl~[Chapter 7] A/N:Thanks to Vicky, UAreGergeous, and lina-sama28 for your reviews. Greg smiles nicely over at reviewers, \"Yeah, thanks a lot! You guys are awesome!\" Patty smirks, and steps in front of Greg, trying to show off, \"And for followers and favorites, and readers, thank you so-o much! Love you guys!\" Patty says dramatically bowing, and blowing kisses. Greg rolls his eyes, \"Patty, what are you doing? This is not a play.\" \"Stuff it Heffley!\" Patty growls at him, than quickly looks back at followers, readers, and reviewers, and favorites, smiling, \"Again, thank you so much!\" \"Yea-\" Greg started, when suddenly Rodrick walks in, \"Hey, what are you guys doing? Mom says she wants you down for supper, turd wipes.\" Than Rodrick quickly looks over towards the viewers. \"Well, hello.\" he grins evilly, \"What do we have here?\" Greg looks over at him, \"Rodrick, get out of my room!\" Rodrick just grins and looks at you readers, \"Could I offer you a chance to see a really cool, electric band! Heres my card!\" He says, pulling out a bunch of business cards that he scratched out and put Loded Diper on. \"We are complete professionals. Just look at the cards!\" He grins. \"Mrs. Heffley, your son is making us look bad!\" Patty shouts, her hands in fist. Rodrick winks at viewers than quickly exits, \"Bye girl named after chicken!\" Patty glared after him, than looked over at a chuckling Greg, he stopped when he saw her look. \"Why do you need to do that now.\" Susan asks, walking in, \"Come down stairs, we are having dinner.\" Both children sighed, \"Sorry about this guys, she is mom after all.\" Greg says, shrugging his shoulders, walking away with Patty behind him. Mrs Heffley looks around, confused \"Who are they talking too?\" Than she shakes her head and walks out. Rodrick comes back in and smiles, \"And I am really great and singing Bieber! Just asked Heather Hills!\" Gracie comes in and pulls him away by his ear just as he was about to sing. \"OW.\" \"What you get.\" Gracie says, pulling him along. \"OW!\" And again, thank you, from the author, ~Justanothergirl~ I swear I am a girl! ;) ","Summary":" Patty Farrell couldn't believe what she was hearing. Her parents had some how been good friends wit"},{"Movie":"Black Swan, 2010","Title":"Achievement","Author":"LittleTortillaDaddy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13052911","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I claim no ownership over 'Black Swan' nor am I profiting from this. Pairing(s): Thomas Leroy/Nina Sayers. Warning(s): none. Word Count: 100. Thomas drapes her neck with extra scarves and demands she wears gloves. Reporters are waiting outside despite hospital security doing their best to corral them. Do not answer any questions or respond to any baiting. Do not look at anyone. Her lips are dry and taste like chemicals. But he insists on kissing. He even strokes her jaw afterward and makes that shuddering little laugh. \"Oh, my little princess,\" he sighs. \"I am so happy to see you better. Everyone has been asking how you are.\" Her psychiatrist says returning to ballet could be detrimental. But she is finally perfect. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I claim no ownership over 'Black Swan' nor am I profiting from this. Pairing(s): Thomas"},{"Movie":"Black Swan, 2010","Title":"The Jump","Author":"Francenstein","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12859836","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Jump AN: Black Swan Alternate Ending. I do not own anything concerning Black Swan. Rights go to their respective owners. For this story, you need to pretend that she didn't stab herself with the mirror shard but the whole Lily stabbing thing still happened in her head. By the way, I know close to nothing about ballet and most of my knowledge originates from a few Simpsons episodes. She knew she was perfect. Every turn, every piqué, everything on pointé showed how well she mastered ballet. This, Nina knew before though. That's what she practised nearly all her life. Her mother had made sure she never worried about anything else than ballet. That was why she danced until she was overly exhausted, that was why she never ate more than she absolutely had to, that was why she danced through the pain in her foot, so once she would be able to thrive. Every season she wanted nothing more to be the Swan Queen like every other dancer in this company. But today, for the first time really, her face showed that too. Her posture screamed dominance as well as elegance. After that guy let her fall, she put on the best black swan performance this theatre, no this world has ever seen. She did not only seduce the prince and Thomas but everyone who was seated in this building. Everyone knew she was perfect. She had to bring the white swan out again. It seemed hard but then she realised, she didn't kill anyone. She knew that this time she wouldn't fall down on her knee which surprisingly didn't bother her at all. She made it through the whole dance exceptionally well. The show was nearly at an end. Nina made her way through the dance. She was lifted by the prince, she flapped her arms. Everything was going smoothly. She turned around and made her way up to the platform. Only the jump was left for her to do. Nina knew that this was perfect, everything was brilliant. She looked at the audience and caught the face of her mother. She knew she made her proud because this was everything she was destined to do. The girl only had to jump to get the standing ovation she knew would follow. She turned halfway to jump on the mattress, so the white swan would finally die and end this performance. Did she even want it to end? She knew her performance was perfect. But she jumped and she fell. She waited for her body to connect with the mattress. She heard everyone cheering and then she felt it. Not the mattress but the stage floor. Her neck cracked and she died from the impact on her small body which was far too unhealthy and too weak to survive such a fall. At least everyone now knew how to make a perfect performance. Maybe the next perfect performer should land on a mattress. But otherwise, it was perfect. AN: I watched Black Swan with a friend the other day and half-way through the movie I said she would die on stage or she would die because she jumped next to the mattress. Well, Nina died but I kind of liked my ending a bit more, mainly because I still don't really get why and how she stabbed herself with the shard and how it only started to bleed excessively after she jumped. ","Summary":" The Jump AN: Black Swan Alternate Ending. I do not own anything concerning Black Swan. Rights go to"},{"Movie":"Black Swan, 2010","Title":"Momentos","Author":"hudgens77","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12690530","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Momentos I. Las ruedas de la silla hacen un sonido arrullador contra el suelo recién pulido del pasillo blanco. \"¿Visita?\" repite Nina, llevándose las manos a la cicatriz de su estómago involuntariamente. \"Así es, Nina, tienes visita,\" dice la enfermera tras de ella. Nina cierra los ojos. Ojalá sea Thomas , piensa, y luego recuerda que en el mes que lleva internada en el psiquiátrico nadie se ha atrevido a visitarla. Suspira. Piensa en otras cosas. En cosas bonitas. Aunque ha mejorado un poco —según los doctores— el recuerdo de su actuación aún la hace sonreír. Fui perfecta , piensa. Y luego piensa en el rostro de Thomas, en su sensualidad, y en cómo se verá sonriéndole cuando la vea. Es tan real que casi puede estirar su brazo, tocarlo y sentirlo... \"¡Nina!\" una voz ¿femenina? la hace abrir los ojos. El recuerdo de Thomas se desdibuja; su sonrisa se borra, se hace traslúcida hasta que deja ver la sonrisa grande y el rubor de las mejillas de Lily . \"Oh por Dios, ha pasado tanto, perdón por no haberte venido a visitar antes pero es que no sabía si sería lo correcto, blablablablah... \" Blah… Nina no entiende los balbuceos incoherentes de Lily, pero no puede evitar sonreír cuando pregunta... \"...¿cómo has estado?\" \"Muy bien, gracias.\" Lily parece sincera. Parece aliviada al escuchar eso. Ríe, y su cabello se agita de forma muy linda cuando asiente. \"Me alegra escuchar eso.\" II. Es el día. El día para el que Lily se ha preparado tanto. Se mira al espejo —ya reparado— del camerino; toda maquillada, hermosa y lista. Sus manos tiemblan y no puede evitar pensar, \"con razón Nina se volvió loca.\" Se arrepiente al instante. Respira. ¿Cómo se sentirá Nina? Quizá no debió decirle, aunque era más que obvio, pero Nina aún estaba delicada. Aun así, se sentía terriblemente incorrecto no prevenirla. Recuerda su cara cuando le dijo, \"voy a ser tu reemplazo,\" y luego Nina... La puerta suena y ella siente un brote de furia; seguramente es Thomas asegurándose por milésima vez de que su prima ballerina no haga alguna locura. Por el bien del show, nada más. Lily piensa en todo lo que va a decirle; es que nadie te importa . Pero su furia desvanece cuando abre la puerta y se encuentra con un enorme arreglo de flores. Lo primero que hace es leer la tarjeta. Lily, Rómpete una pierna. Pero no te apuñales el estómago. Nina. Lily sonríe. Supuso que debió esperar que Nina era el tipo de persona que ponía corazones en vez de puntos de la 'i'. III. Nina le dijo que no se apuñalara el estómago. Quizá porque ella es la que quiere hacerlo, con esas sonrisas que hacen que Lily sienta un tirón tan fuerte que cree que va a explotar. ¿Son las famosas mariposas? Porque ningún chico antes la había hecho sentir de esa manera. Son esas sonrisas las que hacen que visite a Nina cada vez más seguido. Y a pesar de que comenzaron siendo rivales, cada vez la amistad entre ellas es más sincera. A Lily le asusta. Le asusta ser amiga de Nina, porque simplemente no es suficiente; y le asusta no serlo, porque si no van a llegar a lo que ella quiere que lleguen, pues al menos le gustaría tener su amistad. Nina mejora. Florece. Lily se pregunta si no se da cuenta que cada día embellece un poco más, el brillo en sus ojos regresa. Hasta que al fin, su buena conducta tiene frutos y les permiten salir a pasear a los jardines del psiquiátrico. Afuera hace algo de viento, pero está soleado. No tarda mucho en atardecer. Lily deja la silla de ruedas y se sienta en el pasto, al lado de ella. Nina siente la textura del suelo con sus pies descalzos y maltratados por el ballet. Lily cierra los ojos para no mirarlos, para no mirarle; y Nina le pilla por sorpresa cuando pregunta... \"¿Fue real?\" Lily abre los ojos de golpe. \"¿Eh?\" \"Esa noche, después del club. Te dije que estuvimos juntas. Al siguiente día tú dijiste que lo había alucinado. Pero no fue así, ¿o sí? ¿Lily?\" Yo no dije que lo habías alucinado, solo lo impliqué ; piensa en replicar, a la defensiva. Después piensa que a los ojos de una persona mentalmente inestable eso no hace mucha diferencia. \"¿Importa?\" Nina asiente. \"A mí sí.\" Lily suspira, se pone de pie. No puede mirar a Nina a los ojos. Sin embargo, posa sus manos sobre sus frágiles hombros... \"Es lo que lo que tú quieres que sea, Nina.\" Nina le aprieta las manos, y sonríe. Qué bonito es el atardecer. ","Summary":" Momentos I. Las ruedas de la silla hacen un sonido arrullador contra el suelo recién pulido del pas"},{"Movie":"Black Swan, 2010","Title":"Perfection Comes At A Price","Author":"UnchartedRevolution","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10090871","Passage":"[Chapter 1] And when the lights dimmed, and the applause faded – she knew it was over, it was done. She was finished. She was perfect—absolutely perfect. And when the lights dimmed and the applause faded – he knew it was over. His Nina, his innocent little white swan was gone. She wasn't just lost in society she was lost in her own mind. She completely lost herself to this role. She lost everything for this role – her sanity, her peace of mind, her life. He was sorry, he was repentant, but was he done? And when the lights dimmed and the applause faded – she knew it was over. The she would be next – that she could be next. She didn't want this to happen; she didn't want it to end up this way. She just wanted to help her, to be her friend; she didn't know how bad she was hurting. She should have know, she wish she had know, she wish she had paid more attention. And when the lights dimmed and the applause faded— she didn't know what to think. Her sweet girl just finished her dream—her beautiful wonderful dream. Watching her dance was beautiful—watching her fall was tragic. Her daughter, her beautiful, innocent sweet little Nina was gone. She tried keeping her safe, keeping her away from this place. She failed. She failed as a person, as a mother…Nina's mother. Should she have let go? Held on longer? Went to class with her every day? And when the lights dimmed and the applause faded—they didn't know what to think. They were conflicted. On one hand they were glad she was gone, out of the spotlight, his perfect little princess. They all wanted her roll but they didn't want it like this but they knew it would happen. They knew she would lose it – but they didn't know it would tonight. Or did they? And when the lights dimmed and the applause faded— she smiled. It was this evil, sadistic little smile. She knew she wouldn't last, that she couldn't handle the role. She knew that the little princess would get pushed right over the edge. She knew it would happen; just not this fast. But she was the original prima ballerina; she knew a breakdown was a definite eventuality. She was beautiful – she was \"The Swan Queen\" she lived for the applause and she died for the applause. She lived and breathed that role everyday until it took over. She did everything he said – everything he said—everything the voices in her said—the pictures on her walls- the face looking down at her above the waters of her \"soothing\" bath. She wanted to be perfect – she was dying to be perfect and in her eyes… she died perfectly and in character. So when he held the head of his princess, he was scared but in her red, dying eyes she saw pride – he was proud of her, so proud she didn't notice the pain of losing herself. And when the light dimmed, the applause faded, and he asked what she had done the swan uttered her final words I felt it. Perfect. I was perfect. ","Summary":" And when the lights dimmed, and the applause faded – she knew it was over, it was done. She was fin"},{"Movie":"Black Swan, 2010","Title":"One-Shot - Black Swan Kiss","Author":"WizMonCruWil","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12415343","Passage":"[Chapter 1] One-Shot: Black Swan Kiss \"We're still working here, please! Lights! The lights!\" As the light filled the ballet studio, professional dancer Nina Sayers turned her focus back onto the dance routine she was perfecting. Her coach, Thomas Leroy, told some other dancers to go and thanked them for their patience. \"Aw-ba-ba-ba-ba! You stay!\" he ordered Natalie. Once they were alone, he ushered Nina forward. \"OK. Come here. Come, come come.\" Taking her in his arms, he assumed the role of the Prince. Silently, he and Nina began to sway effortlessly, Thomas humming the tune so as to keep them in rhythm. He spun, lifting Nina into the air momentarily before setting her back down. He now stood behind her and enveloped her into an embrace. Nina broke free dramatically like a caged bird taking flight. Thomas took her waist and allowed her to lean back against him in a dip. \"Let it go, let it go!\" he instructed almost soothingly. Nina became purposeful in her movements. He lifted her once, and then again, and then a third time, his hands resting just below her ribs before slipping down to her bum. \"Feel my touch. Respond to it,\" he whispered, gazing into her eyes. \"Come on.\" But as soon as he set her down, Nina pushed him away. Angrily, Thomas seized her wrists and pulled her forward. Nina barely had time to clutch at his shirt for support before he was kissing her full on the lips, silencing her gasp. She moaned softly in protest, before Thomas sprung back, his face curved in a frightening sneer. He forcibly kissed her again, before drawing back more gently this time. \"Open your mouth...\" he hissed. Nina did not respond immediately. \"Open your mouth, open it! Open it! Open it...\" The last command was nearly muffled as Thomas and Nina's lips sealed around each other in an open, sensuous kiss. This time, Nina gave in. She kissed him back, her hand curling up towards the nape of his neck. She closed her eyes... ","Summary":" One-Shot: Black Swan Kiss \"We're still working here, please! Lights! The lights!\" As the light fi"},{"Movie":"Black Swan, 2010","Title":"Mírate","Author":"a.son.do.mar","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9742961","Passage":"[Chapter 1] La única relación que tengo con esta película es que hace dos años la vi y la semana pasada escuché el soundtrack, específicamente \"Power, Seduction, Cries\" lo que me dio ganas de escribir. Todo ello sin ánimo de lucro, solo es parte de un plan que hice para destrozar todas las películas que me gustan y amar la brevedad. Este drabble se situaría poco antes de los hechos de la película. .-. Mírate .-. Mírate las uñas de los pies. No puedes llevar sandalias, no así ¿Intentas arreglarlas? Tápalas. Mírate los dedos ensangrentados, dulce niña. Debiste esperar dos días más para ponerte tus puntas de madera. Tus heridas del martes no habían terminado de cicatrizar ¿Duelen? No, te gustan. La humedad del daño daba vida a tus vueltas. Tampoco siente dolor tu estómago al acabar de vomitar. Ni tus piernas luchando por abrirse, ni la rótula presionando al peroné. No sienten nada tus axilas cuando aplicas la cera, ni las grietas de tu espalda. Tus manos son la parte más rebelde, nunca escuchan. Bajo las uñas quedan restos de la piel que te has arrancado. Ellas se siguen moviendo cuando todo lo demás está quieto, ellas te tiran de los pelos y se pelean como si cada dedo fuese un país en guerra. Ellas te odian, por eso te hieren. Actúa con indiferencia, dulce niña. Nada puede herirte, tú no sientes dolor. Ni siquiera cuando las paredes de tu vagina rechazan los tampones necesarios para poder seguir girando y los encajas a la fuerza. A veces te preguntas si hay placer en el dolor o acaso es que si no hay dolor, no hay placer. Dudas, porque no sabes que son ambas al mismo tiempo. Tu placer es una breve satisfacción, una aproximación a ser perfecta, esa volátil ilusión. Cuando estás cerca, cuando casi la tocas, se escapa. Y te dice, eres horrible, no vales nada. Eres una mentira. Porque tus dedos, querrían, en el fondo, dejar de sangrar. Tus rodillas no se sienten más bellas alargando tus piernas. Tu estómago no siente que vuela cuando está vacío. Tu cadera no disfruta liberándose de cada gramo de grasa, esa cosa innecesaria porque tú sabes que la auténtica feminidad está en los movimientos gráciles de bailarina. Te ríes por lo innatural, todo lo que requiere esfuerzo lo es. Dejar de ser un animal y convertirse en una nota más, ser material de sueños. La auténtica belleza. Eso es el ballet, una mentira. Así que sí, estás cerca. Pero mírate, dulce niña. Eres fuerte. Nada duele, ni siquiera la cabeza. Sonríes, hueles a perfección. El espejo te devuelve una sonrisa torcida de ojos negros. Mírate, en el fondo lo sabes. Esto acabará matándote. .-. Siempre abierta a correcciones, Asondomar. ","Summary":" La única relación que tengo con esta película es que hace dos años la vi y la semana pasada escuché"},{"Movie":"Black Swan, 2010","Title":"C'était parfait","Author":"Dulanoire","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11296991","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Salutations à tous! Voici un petit texte-défi, avec pour mots imposés \"Impératrice\" \"légende\" \"bleu\" et \"tartiflette\". Pas de thème, de fandom, ou de longueur imposés. Saanak et Deidato participent aussi, mais n'ont pas encore fini ^^' J'essaie de me remettre à l'écriture, alors n'hésitez pas à m'envoyer vos défis! Bonne lecture. Danse, dentelle et désillusion. Je danse. Et je meurs en même temps. Je sens le sang qui coule de mon ventre. Il imbibe mon costume. Teinte de rouge les plumes immaculées. Je sais enfin ce qu'a ressenti le Cygne Blanc. J'ai touché mon rêve du bout des doigts, je suis en train de le perdre, je ne peux rien y faire… Alors je danse. Je danse, car je me meurs. Mes pas me semblent plus précis, plus forts, alors que je me laisse aller. C'est tellement étrange ! J'ai tout sacrifié pour contrôler chaque aspect de ma vie. J'ai renoncé à une vie normale. J'ai dû abandonner les gâteaux crémeux, les frites, les tartiflettes, et même ces petits bonbons que je raffolais enfant. Je passais mes journées à danser, même une fois chez moi, je n'arrêtais jamais. Mes pauses, je les passais à coudre les rubans sur mes chaussons, ou à lire les histoires de ballets. J'ai vécu toute ma vie pour danser. Pour être parfaite. Tous ces efforts sont enfin récompensés, au moment même où je cesse de me contrôler. La musique résonne dans ma tête, me pressant. Vite. Vite. Je meurs. Il faut que... Il faut que je tienne jusqu'à la dernière note. Que je danse à en mourir. Le public plongé dans l'ombre, a les yeux rivés sur moi. C'est mon soir. Mon soir ! Je suis l'Impératrice de la Scène. Personne ne peut me voler ce moment. Personne ! Je cours vers le haut. Un dernier regard pour le Sorcier. Un dernier regard pour le Prince. Un dernier regard pour le public. Je crois voir ma mère, blanche de fierté et d'inquiétude. Elle danse à travers moi. Elle vit à travers moi. Pardon Maman. Pour toi aussi, ce sera la fin. Les larmes me montent aux yeux. Je me laisse tomber. Une seconde. Deux secondes. J'atterris. Un pic de douleur fait disparaître le rouge de mes joues. Un soupir. La musique s'est tue. Je n'entends que les applaudissements. Ils accélèrent, deviennent de plus en plus fort, tandis que mon cœur ralentit. Je ne sens même plus que j'ai mal. Je regarde le plafond, et je soupire à nouveau. Les autres danseuses s'approchent de moi pour me féliciter. Lily est au premier rang, j'en suis sûre... « Tu les entends ? Ils t'applaudissent.» Sa voix. Deux yeux bleus apparaissent dans mon champ de vision. Les siens. « Ils t'adorent. » Il se penche sur moi. Je sens le parfum de son après rasage. Et de sa sueur aussi. Il a dû avoir peur que je fasse tout rater. Mais au contraire. J'ai fait de son ballet un succès parfait. Il m'appelle sa jolie Princesse. Se rend-t-il compte de son erreur ? Je ne suis pas une Princesse, je suis la Reine. La Reine des Cygnes… « Debout, ils te demandent. » Mais je ne peux me lever… La vie me fuit déjà. Une inspiration horrifiée. On a enfin remarqué que je suis mourante. On murmure mon prénom. Nina. Non… je m'appelle Odette. Odette… « Dis moi ce que tu as fait ! » Ce que j'ai fais ? Je t'ai écouté… Je murmure, le regard vague. Déjà, je me sens détachée de tout. «Je l'ai enfin senti... » Oui. J'ai senti l'amour, la passion, l'envie d'en finir quand on pense avoir tout perdu. J'ai suivi tes leçons à la lettre. Et regarde le résultat. Tu me caresses la joue, sans comprendre. Je n'entends plus rien. Juste mon souffle. Et les battements de mon cœur… lents. Si lents. « C'était parfait. Vraiment parfait. » Un soupir. L'Etoile s'éteint. Et rentre dans la légende... ","Summary":" Salutations à tous! Voici un petit texte-défi, avec pour mots imposés \"Impératrice\" \"légende\" "},{"Movie":"Black Swan, 2010","Title":"A New Hope, A New Beginning","Author":"motogp2010","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8628864","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A NEW HOPE There he was. A man whose dreams had been shattered into pieces. A man once known as 'Tycoon Alex', now merely a beggar living on other's sympathy. Hanging a rope, ready for suicide. His only way out. The only one way to end his suffering. Then, the chair was kicked and he grasped for air, knocking on the gates of hell, for the first and probably the last time, to take his life away. Counting in his mind and having flashbacks of what happened in his life. The small details, which he missed, slowly but surely emerging right in front of his eyes. After a period of silent struggling, his eyes opened to a new place. He was in a room where bright light shone on his eyes. He tried to speak, but nothing came out. \"Is this hell?\" the first thing that came to his mind. The surrounding was full of metal clinging noises. He soon realised where he was. A hospital. Words began to form out from his mouth. He grabbed the hand of a nurse and asked, \"Is this how hell looks like? So many pretty girls?\" The nurse snickered and replied, \"Welcome back to Earth. You were lucky to be still alive after being out of breath for an hour.\" In came the doctor in charge. \"Hello mate. My name is Doctor Wally. Ain't you lucky that that pretty nurse whose hands you are holding so tightly saved you? If it ain't for her, you would not be seeing sunset later.\" Alex blushed and released her hand. \"I am sorry if I had hurt you. Thanks a million but I do not have any money for the medical fees.\" The nurse replied, \"You have that covered. Your medical fees and your stay for the next two days would be covered by me and in case you are still figuring out my name, my name is Joey and Doctor Wally is a close friend of mine.\" Alex sighed and asked her how he could ever repay her. Joey smiled, \"My house is in need of the care of a butler. If you want, you can...\" Before finishing her sentence, Alex shouted in delight. \"When do I start?\" \"As soon as you are outta here,\" was the last reply Joey gave and she left the room with Doctor Wally. That was when Alex's life changed for the better. Two days later, on a Friday morning, Alex was up early and marching towards Joey's house. As soon as he arrived, Joey was already waiting for him. \"Yours truly. Alex, at your service, madam.\" \"Well, in front of guests, that would be what you call me. However, when no guests are around, you may call me by my name.\" \"It is just a sign of respect, madam.\" \"Suit yourself. First, you need to have a bath and change into the clothes I prepared for you in that room. From now on, that room will be where you stay instead of sleeping by the roadside.\" Alex sniffed and said, \"Thanks madam. I would not forget what you did for me.\" \"Run along and get yourself suited up. I will guide you around my house and the chores you would have to do once you are done.\" \"Do you mind if I asked where your husband is?\" Joey replied with a sigh, \"He left me two years ago, leaving behind a house for me.\" Alex paused for a moment and said, \"I am sorry to hear that. I think I will go and have a bath now. My first day of work.\" Joey replied with a smile, \"Do not disappoint me.\" Alex jogged to the room. His new place to stay. ","Summary":" A NEW HOPE There he was. A man whose dreams had been shattered into pieces. A man once known as 'Ty"},{"Movie":"Black Swan, 2010","Title":"The Queen","Author":"Nellie Potter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9860484","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey everyone! So, I love this movie and watched a few interviews and thus, this little character study was born! Inspired by Barbara Hershey talking about her character, Erica Sayers and asking how does she take care of someone who's mentally ill when she herself isn't mentally stable as well. Character Study: Erica Sayers She had done so much in her lifetime. She had been a brilliant dancer and had a life that anyone would envy. Erica couldn't have been happier with the way things had turned out for her. And then it started going downhill. It started with a man. A man who promised to be by her side forever. He had been the perfect gentleman. Then Erica came to learn that gentlemen weren't always nice. They were supposed to get married. They were supposed to live happily ever after, like in the fairy tales Erica used to read as a child. He was supportive of her dancing and showed her great affection. But as soon as he had found out that they'd be having a child together, he ( I'm sorry, Erica, but I just can't do this; I'm not ready ) left her, forcing Erica to fend for herself. Erica always told Nina that she gave up her career for her. And that was true. But it wasn't always about ( my sweet girl ) Nina. Erica gave up her career for herself, too. She had no other choice. She needed a steady job and even though she had been a beautiful dancer, no one looked graceful doing a plie with a swollen belly. So Erica left the company, mainly to save face; to save herself from embarrassment. She didn't need the whole company to know that the father of her child had abandoned her. In the end, it had been for Nina. Everything had been for her daughter. It was no longer Erica's life; it belonged to Nina. And if her life belonged to Nina, she was going to make sure it was perfect. Even the paintings were about Nina. Erica used to draw beautiful landscapes. Her favorite scenes to draw and paint were ones that took place in the winter, with snow gently falling. And then Nina ( my sweet girl ) took over. Nina, who gave Erica a reason to smile again. Nina, who was going to live the dream that Erica had to give up. Nina, who fucking ruined her career and her life! Still, Erica went through life, smiling and being the supportive mother everyone expected her to be. She helped Nina to the top, all the while slowly and subtly bringing her down. It was all done discreetly, of course. Little things, like limiting her privacy and coddling her. It was Erica's version of revenge; loving revenge. But her darling dearest Nina started fighting back. The little bitch grew defiant, going out late at night and scratching when she knew she wasn't supposed to. Oh the scratching, how Erica hated it! Couldn't Nina see how it was ruining her? She did, Erica was sure of that. Why else would Nina do it? She was trying to ruin herself as a defiant act. Ungrateful little cunt. Even so, Erica loved her. She loved Nina with all her heart. How could she not adore ( my sweet girl ) the monster she helped to create? She could see what Nina was going through. It wasn't just the role that drove Nina over the edge. It was everything. Nina was turning into her, and that overjoyed and terrified Erica. Erica knew that she, herself, wasn't well. There were issues, issues that she refused to treat. And Nina was falling into that same dark abyss of insanity. The question was: how did someone who was mentally unstable take care of someone who was mentally unstable? That was a question that Erica refused to acknowledge for the longest time. She didn't need to acknowledge it; she was a good mother! And even though the question went ignored for all of Nina's life, Erica knew the answer during the opening night of Swan Lake. She couldn't. That was the answer to the question. She couldn't take care of Nina. Not anymore. That stupid, dearest bitch abandoned her. So typical of Nina to commit an act of such selfishness; she was just like (I'm sorry, Erica, but I just can't do this; I'm not ready) her father, the father that abandoned them both. Had she failed as a mother? Erica didn't think so. Nina had died doing what she loved, she died after giving the perfect performance; she had died happy. And that was all Erica ever wanted: Nina's happiness. And Erica was finally free. Her life no longer revolved around her sweet girl. She was finally free. ","Summary":" Hey everyone! So, I love this movie and watched a few interviews and thus, this little character st"},{"Movie":"Black Swan, 2010","Title":"la maldad del cisne negro","Author":"Prissasagaritakehito","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9874757","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Nota: este es un real person fiction que no tiene que ver con eventos reales. Personajes. Lee Joon como el Cisne negro y una misteriosa chica. Alternativos: Seung Ho, Mir, Thunder, G.O. Cheong Dung. Era una tarde como cualquier otra se encontraban en un estudio de Ballete ¿No crees que te tomaste muy enserio el papel que hiciste en Saturday Night Live?- era la voz de Mir realmente divertido viendo las piruetas que hacía Lee joon en el aire. Ah déjalo comento- G.O poniéndole una mano en el hombro a Mir, moviendo la cabeza de lado a lado. Muchachos ustedes no entienden- comentó Lee Joon- Esto ayuda para tener flexibilidad además de buena condición física y aquí hay muy bonitas chicas. Pfff- comentó Seung Ho- Por favor Lee Joon-ah- llevándose las manos a la cintura- si somos Idols y tenemos chicas a montones. Es que chicos ustedes no entienden, no es lo mismo las chicas del ballet, a las fans eso es diferente. La cara de Mir fue de duda pensando en que si Lee Joon se había vuelto loco y miró a su vez a los chicos. No crean que me voy a dedicar de tiempo completo a ser bailarín de ballet, además nadie sabe que me encuentro aquí solo ustedes lo saben- sonriendo de una manera muy picaresca. Bueno chicos vámonos –comento Seung Ho creo que está por comenzar tu clase. Así los chicos se dieron la media vuelta y se fueron del lugar. Lee Joon esperaba a todas sus compañeras de clase con tanta expectación ya el sol se había ocultado eran como las 6 de la tarde y las chicas comenzaban a llegar al igual que chicos. La Maestra no era ciertamente como él esperaba parecía de estilo estricto. Hoy es su primer día y vamos aprender muchas cosas- fue lo que comentaría ella mientras todos los alumnos hacían una fila las chicas ya se habían fijado que había alguien conocido en el medio del espectáculo. Las chicas voltearon y comenzaron a murmuran, el volteo y con una mirada tímida saludo. La maestra se dio cuenta y entonces voltearía a verlo. No crea joven que por que está aquí y es famoso se le va a tratar con preferencia- comentó ella con una mirada altiva. Lee Joon no dijo nada pero si se quedo pensativo por un rato, en lo que la maestra los ponía a calentar. Habían pasado ya varias horas y Lee Joon se encontraba exhausto, la maestra sí que se había pasado en el calentamiento y lo había visto toda la clase de mala manera, recordaba las palabras –\"Hay tu eres el niño que hizo comedia de algo tan serio como el Cisne negro\" Al recordarlo hizo una mueca y dijo- \"No entiende lo que es un chiste, amo lo que hago y esto sería un plus\". -Vaya veo que te gusta hablar solo- comento una voz en la entrada de la puerta. Lee Joon se asustaría y voltearía repentinamente. – Hola- comento el de manera tímida debido a que no era usual que a esas horas de la noche hubiera alguien en ese lugar. Mientras tanto en el departamento Mir veía la hora en el reloj. Oigan como que Lee Joon se ha tardado no creen- comentó él realmente preocupado. Aish yo creo que anda haciendo de las suyas ya saben cómo es él- comento G.O. No si es tarde, tenemos que ir por él – comento Seung Ho. Y todos dijeron al unísono – Si como eres el líder tienes la responsabilidad de cuidarnos y de dirigir al grupo. Lee Joon había estado platicando con la chica que era singularmente bella, sin embargo le llamaba la atención su pálida piel y sus labios color grosella. Miro su reloj dándose cuenta que ya era suficientemente tarde – Aish, tengo que irme nos podríamos ver mañana –Comento Lee Joon- se agacharía a recoger sus cosas y cuando volvió a incorporarse la chica ya no estaba allí como si se hubiera desvanecido, en eso escucho voces y unos pasos hizo que su corazón se agitara rápidamente. -¡Vaya todavía estas aquí!- comentó Cheong Dung Sonrió de una manera inocente como acostumbraba hacerlo, pero en eso reaccionó y les dijo. No vieron salir a una chica por aquí- comentó el No- contesto G.O mirando para todos lados – No manches es tanto tu obsesión de estar en clases de Ballet que ya hasta chicas ves de la nada. Seung Ho puso cara seria y se dirigió a Lee Joon- Lee Joon-Ah, será mejor que….. Ya lo sé, ya lo sé..- dijo Lee joon un poco molesto, en lo que dejaban el lugar. La chica salió de las sombras del lugar en lo que no se reflejaba su cuerpo en los espejos de la sala de ballet- Parece que no se dio cuenta de que no hay reflejo sin embargo ella se había sentido atraída por él. Al día siguiente Lee Joon volvería a ir a sus clases de ballet y si de cierta manera se sentía ansioso por volverse a encontrar con la chica que había visto en la noche. Se veía que estaba distraído en clase y la maestra pudo notarlo. -Joven si no va a atender a la clase, será mejor que lo deje- comento ella con las manos en la cintura. Lo siento- comentó él e hizo una reverencia. Esa tarde le pondrían a una compañera para que él practicará los pasos de baile que tenía que hacer, la chica no era fea en absoluto dos centímetros más baja que él. Aunque la maestra no se sentía conforme le habían avisado de los altos mandos que él tenía que tener un papel en la modificación del cisne negro, también lo haría para que entendiera lo que era el ballet. El había bailado parte de la tarde con esa chica ya había recibido también las reprimendas de la maestra, al haber terminado la clase él se había despedido como todo un caballero de la chica y ya se notaba que era tarde, no se había dado cuenta que había perdido la noción del tiempo de manera tan rápida. Se preguntaba si la vería de nuevo. En lo que volvía a meter sus cosas a la mochila que traía de color negro, levanto la mirada y allí estaba nuevamente la chica, la cual le había dado un susto porque no había escuchado sus pasos. ¡Wow!- fue lo que dijo él con cara de espanto- No te escuché entrar. La chica parecía tímida, Lee Joon guardo compostura – Sabes….. Y en eso la chica ladeo la cabeza- Si me tienes que contar que la profesora te quiere para hacer pareja con el Cisne Negro- Lee joon se sorprendió. ¿Cómo lo sabes?- dijo él sorprendido de sobre manera, la chica se acerco lentamente a él. Porque yo haré el papel- comentó ella dejándose ver más de cerca, en eso el celular de lee joon comenzaría a sonar. Sonrió y entonces le comentaría que esperara para tomar la llamada. ¡Lee Joon-Ah!- del otro lado de la línea estaba su manager. ¿Se puede saber que haces allí todavía?- comentó lo bastante enojado con él. La cara de Lee Joon era de asustado, sabía que en cualquier momento estaría viendo a los chicos aparecer por esa puerta. Cuando el volvería a voltear la chica no estaba –Aish- fue su expresión nuevamente agarro sus cosas y saldría corriendo del lugar. A la mañana siguiente en el departamento se encontraban los chicos de mblaq y Lee joon se encontraba más distraído de lo que ellos consideraban. Oye Lee joon-ah- comento Mir porque lo veía realmente distraído en lo que desayunaban en la mesa todos juntos. Ha de seguro esta así por una chica- comento de manera picaresca G.O. No comiencen- comenzó Lee joon a decir mientras era interrumpido por Cheung Dung Si cuando te pones así es por eso haber, la chica es linda…-levantando las cejas. Haber ya cuéntanos quien es la misteriosa chica con la que hablas tan tan pero tan tarde- dijo G.O. Bueno ella será mi compañera en el cisne negro- fue lo único que dijo. Ahhh y cuándo podemos conocerla- comento Mir, sonriendo mientras movía su comida para enfriarla. Eso es lo raro chicos- comento Lee Joon- ella siempre se aparece al final de las clases cuando estoy solo y no la veo en las clases de entrenamiento. ¿Pero tan si quiera es guapa?- Insitió G.O. notando que Lee Joon se medio apenaba. Vaya- comento Cheoung Dung- Creo que diste en el clavo. En eso Lee Joon miraría su reloj –Aish tengo programa en lo que se apuraba a terminarse su desayuno, sabía que la noche tenía que volver a ese lugar ya que la chica lo había intrigado notablemente así que agarro sus cosas y saldría corriendo de allí. Esa noche volvería al lugar donde bailaba ballet entro al cuarto pero parecía que estaba vació en eso sintió que alguien lo tocaba del hombro. -Siempre tienes que asustarme así- fue lo que dijo Lee Joon. Creo que esta noche será la noche en la cual bailaremos para mostrarle a la gente lo que realmente es el cisne negro- comento ella. -Pero no vengo preparado- fue lo que dijo él en esos momentos cuando la vio a los ojos había quedado en una especie de trance. La chica llevo la mano a su rostro y he hizo que la agarrara de la cintura poco a poco ladearía él el cuello y ella clavaría sus dientes en él sintiendo un rayo eléctrico por todo su cuerpo poco a poco sintió desvanecerse hasta caer al suelo. La chica se quedaría parada y él se desmayaría. Esa mañana él se levantaría de su cama asustado y sudando y rápidamente se llevaría la mano al cuello. En eso vio la cara de Mir y de los demás. ¿Te encuentras bien Hyung?- le comento Mir con cara de asombro. Creo que fue una pesadilla verdad- comento Lee Joon limpiándose el sudor de la frente. Supongo yo que si comento- G.O Te dije que no te comieras eso- le comento Cheoung dung. Estaba más que enojado Seung Ho- La próxima vez que quieras experimentar comida no lo hagas de ese modo te pusiste tan mal que te llevamos al hospital catatónico. En eso sonrío- entonces todo fue una pesadilla. FIN. ","Summary":" Nota: este es un real person fiction que no tiene que ver con eventos reales. Personajes. Lee Joon "},{"Movie":"Black Swan, 2010","Title":"This is it","Author":"UnchartedRevolution","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10661779","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Black Swan, or Nina. I apologize if this is a little OOC, but who really knows how Nina was feeling during the movie or at the end. This is only my second story. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Black Swan, or Nina. I apologize if this is a little OOC, but who really k"},{"Movie":"Black Swan, 2010","Title":"Legacy","Author":"CaptainElf","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10734246","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I am on a writing spree, so thought I'd write a little Black Swan piece too. I don't own Black Swan, though. Also, this happens after Nina falls. This is my legacy Thomas sighed, pushing the palms of his hands into his eyes, pushing out a breath he'd been keeping in. Fuck it all. Nina had been rushed into surgery and he was waiting to hear what had happened and if she would recover. He saw the blood soaking the White Swan costume in his mind's eye again, and cursed himself for not seeing it earlier, and the excuse that she had been wearing a black costume formerly was bollocks. He was the director, it was his responsibility to look after his star. He needed to stop being such a dick. Nina was a nice girl: innocent, sweet and not to mention adorable. She didn't deserve to be lead on. A man in a pressed white coat carrying a clipboard approached him, and Thomas stood. Someone else was beside him, he realised, and looked around. It was Mrs Sayers, Nina's mother, and her eyes were swollen and red, her hands twisting the pamphlet from Swan Lake. \"The surgery was a success,\" The doctor said, and Thomas closed his eyes as he sighed in relief, \"But we strongly advise committing Miss Sayers to a rehabilitation centre for a month or so.\" \"What happened?\" Mrs Sayers asked, her voice thick. Thomas wanted to do something to comfort her, but with his rep, he didn't dare. \"Madness,\" Thomas said before the doctor could, before he turned and shoved his hands into his pockets. The great Thomas would never walk around with his hands in his pockets; he was too dignified for such things. But he wasn't 'the great Thomas', was he? He was just Thomas. Just Thomas. And his legacy wasn't exactly something he was proud of. Nina wasn't the first person driven to insanity by Swan Lake, nor, he guessed, would she be the last. Ballet was a risky thing - any form of art was. Look at Van Gogh - driven to cut off his own ear and later snip the line of his own life. Art was a curse, Thomas decided, because art made the genius people of society see the horror of reality, see the horror of what was truly going on in life and around them, and made them want to quit. Art was death. Creativity was a burden. Ignorance truly was bliss. Nina would, he thought, be the last genius driven to insanity because of him. Perhaps she would allow him back into her life. Perhaps he could get to know her for more than just the Swan Queen. Beth had had a similar stint in the beginning of her career, but Beth was a stronger individual than Nina could ever hope to be. Nina was still a child, for crying out loud! How could he have thought... How could he have driven her to access the darkness within, especially when she was one of the few with a mass of darkness in her soul? He had no idea what would happen; he'd assumed she was mostly light. No, he wasn't going to tempt fate. Three times? No. Not another one. Swan Lake had cursed him. As had been decided: art was a curse. And he was done with this art. Thomas came to a standstill. He hadn't realised that the sun was setting or that he had walked for about three hours straight. Thomas didn't feel his muscles ache in his calves and thighs. His brain didn't allow the pain to seep through to his distracted mind. Thomas didn't feel his chest rising and falling rapidly. His lungs were screaming for a deep breath, but he kept it shallow, in through the nose and out through the mouth, as he always taught his dancers. Thomas didn't feel the sweat that was trickling down his back and staining his ridiculously expensive shirt. Thomas didn't feel his legs, straining and complaining, move forward once more. He didn't feel his arms strain under the pressure of lifting his entire bodyweigth to a next level. Thomas just saw blue. Blue and clear and inviting him with promises of problems becoming the past, of a new beginning and no memory of this beginning. Thomas heard the water call his name. He didn't know that water could talk, but not just that, they could sing. It was a siren song: beautiful and mystical. A clear, blue and crystal-like eternity was calling to him. Wait... That was actually his name. And... And did the water sound like... like... who was that... he - he knew that voice! It was a dancer, Nina's understudy... Lily. Hands wrapped around his slender arms and yanked him off the bridge, causing him to crash onto the ground. \"Thomas?\" Lily asked again, pulling him to his feet. He shook his head and looked up. Her eyes were drawn together in concern, \"What were you thinking?\" She asked, her voice shaking beyond belief, \"Thomas, what happened?\" He just shook his head again, as if returning to his senses. Honestly, an ocean speaking to him? \"Thomas!\" Lily clamped both hands over his cheeks, forcing her brown eyes into meeting his. \"What is it?\" He heard himself speak, but having no memory of giving his mouth the order. \"You were about to jump,\" She lifted an eyebrow, \"Is it Nina? Is she gone?\" He saw something. Hope. Flickering in those hazel eyes. What was she hoping for? He pushed her away, \"You're fired.\" He turned and walked back the way he came. He has just gotten his phone out to call a taxi when Lily's small frame attempted to smash him downwards, but his broad frame only caused it to be a stumble before he yanked her around to face him, his hands on her wrists. He could easily break them, that was how frail she was in his grip. \"She was right about you,\" He spat at her, \"Get out of my sight before I call the police.\" \"And what would they charge me with?\" She sneered back, revealing her true nature, \"Being competitive?\" \"No, attempted murder. Nina's dressing room has security cameras, you know?\" Thomas lifted an eye, and Lily's pale complexion turned even lighter. His suspicion had been confirmed. \"Then what will you do?\" Lily asked, a dark brow raised, \"You had a thing for her. I'm sure many of my fellow dancers would agree.\" Thomas laughed - she was honestly threatening him! \"And you're whoring ways will be exposed too. I'm much more powerful than you are, Lily, think and choose wisely.\" He strode away from her, leaving a brunette dancer in his wake. She could mean trouble, but it wasn't anything he couldn't handle. . . . A/N: Thus far this is just a one-shot. I might add to it later, if I get the request. But for now I'm gonna leave it here. ","Summary":" A/N: I am on a writing spree, so thought I'd write a little Black Swan piece too. I don't own Black"},{"Movie":"Black Swan, 2010","Title":"It was perfect!","Author":"RedFoxi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8980946","Passage":"[Chapter 1] life I wirte this story, to practice my Englisch. I know, there are a lot of mistakes, but please, be lenient. ;) Hello, my name is Veronica Scott. What I do? Dance. Since I am a little girl, I dance. There is nothing else into my head. It's my life. It's me. When I dance, I only can feel. I feel the exercises of my body. I feel the exercises of the music. The beating of my heart. That's me. The dancer. I open the eyes, like every morning. I stand up, like every morning. I think of my dream…like every morning. It was wonderful. There was only me, the light and the music. I've closed my eyes and abandoned myself to the music. Like every night, I danced 'Der Nussknacker' from Hoffmann in my dream. It was the first dance, I've ever danced. I love it. I am a part of this song. Every night the same dream. Every night, it feels like a drug. My…personal…drug. I stand up and step in front of the big pier glass. My long, blond hairs stick out of my head and my eyes are surrounding of big grommets. My dreams also are beautifully, they also give me no end of trouble that way. My first way is into the bathroom, where I step under the hot shower. The warm water makes me fine and my muscles relax themselves. I close my eyes and see it in front of me, again. The light, me, how I twist myself under the music. Yeah, I am addicted to that. My toes hurt because of so much training and the shower helps them. But there is no way – I have to train. I have to train, for my next appearance. Every dance I can handle is a trophy for me, a trophy for my soul. Swan Lake will be the next part of my collection. I am part of the New York Dance School and Swan Lake is the number one for all of us dreaming girls. The whole school has applied for the role and I know that none of these stupid girls will play my swan. I become this. Me alone. I just eat a bowl of cereal at breakfast. That's all, my body gets. I simply don't want to burden more on my body and one gets used to it with the time. It is half as bad. The drive needs very long time and the passing, cold wall makes me crazy. The way is the worst. The fear is the worst. I just can't buy an apartment in the middle of New York. So I live in a little, battered apartment out of New York City. My mirror image looks at me out of cold eyes. Are the eyes the window to soul? My eyes are ice-cold. I see the gigantic posters already far and imagine my face on this. Me , as the swan queen. I just have to master it, that others see my face on this. I hear the voices of the changing cubicle and go away. We should paint our faces before the assay. Why? I don't know. And I don't do . I've never done that. I wear my costume and I don't need something else, just music. Like on the keyword I hear the first notes of Tchaikovsky's masterpiece and enter the big hall. The soloists and Thomas are already there. I look at a girl, sitting on the ground and tape her toes. Nina. The brave, little Nina. I despise her, for being Thomas' angel, the small fragile Swan and anyway she does hard herself in everything she does. Swan Lake is an ardent dance and that's why I don't see her as a competitor. What she does has passion nothing in any way. Processes, plans, choreographies –everything masters her like in the sleep but she doesn't know what music is really. She doesn't know. \"Veronica, Lily!\" Thomas shouts and looks happy. I see that another woman comes in here too. Lily. She is the counterpart of Nina, but almost not so inculpable like Nina. I know what she thinks about Nina and she knows, what I think about Nina. We are the same and know that she is only a means to an end. We are the Black Swan! ","Summary":" life I wirte this story, to practice my Englisch. I know, there are a lot of mistakes, but please, "},{"Movie":"Black Swan, 2010","Title":"Prisoner","Author":"MortalPangs","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9529558","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The cold expression of my reflection stared back at me hard; challenging; disapproving. I reached out with a shaking hand to touch the mirror's surface, pressing my palm up against it, connecting with the girl forever trapped behind the prison of glass. I knew it would be foolish not to practice my routine once more before bed, remembering the way Thomas' gaze had undressed me as I danced; he demanded nothing short of perfection. He thrives on the poise and elegance of the arched backs, elongated frames and soft faces of his dancers; his girls. I wanted to impress him; to satisfy his gluttony for the young and naive... yet, I was not innocent. I did not want to pleasure him like the others... flitting about him in the studio like a haze of moon moths, each daring to dance a little closer to the burning intensity of a dangerous flame. Not were the consequences of physical affection that perturbed me, but the feelings I had for the girl with dark eyes. Images of her supple skin, her tresses that tickled my neck flicked through my mind incessantly like a moving picture book. One page: the tension when we first encountered, another the lingering looks in studio change rooms, then came the delicate brushes of hand to stocking, the laughs shared during those long nights when everyone else had abandoned ship, or the moment when it all changed... with the moon shrouded by clouds in the sky behind the glass windowpane of her apartment, and the buzz of cars humming in the lively city below, and the soft yellows which glowed through gauzy curtains. Her shoulders visible as she leant over me, the glint in her eye catching the outside light... It had been another slow function, an evening of polite smiles and passive nodding and reserved judgements. She floated among the suit-clad aristocrats effortlessly, her hair swaying in its tumble of waves when she laughed. I could not help looking at the way the black lace and satin of her dress had clung to her curves, with that slip running the length from hip to toe revealing more skin than the Royal Ballet Association would have ever witnessed. Yet no one said a word... who would? The desire to slip under the covers with her was undoubtedly burning in every man... and woman. As the crowd began to disperse, she had come over to me with a glass of amber liquid and suggested we drive back to her place... it wasn't far. She flicked on the light switch to a small room crowded with books, records, paintings, postcards... all of which I admired while she went to the bathroom. We talked on her rug for a while, propped up on pillows and gazing out at the city's nightlife. She recalled an amusing moment, we both laughed, and then she leaned in a little closer than before. I turned my gaze toward her and saw that spark in her eyes that suggested what I had been craving for so long. We held our stare for what seemed like ages, with her hand having touched my thigh at some point earlier now making itself known; sliding up under my dress slowly, pressing itself against my skin. Then I looked around at the cluttered space and she knew what I was thinking. She got up, turned the light off and held out a hand... a hand which beckoned to be held and followed. We entered a dark room, she reached up and held my chin and drew in close. Our lips parted and connected. I felt the warmth and softness of her mouth, the flicking of her tongue as it eased my lips open further. I ran my hands through her hair as she stroked my body... skin warm with the desire for more, our hands clammy, the air heavy. Then we fell, hitting the bed and pulling hair, easing off fabric, we grinded in the much-awaited passion. Ah, the ecstasy of love! The lights danced on our moving bodies... the city praising our act. I heard footsteps padding down the hall... Mother. I'd become so absorbed in my thoughts once again, she'd be sure to worry about my spending too much time in the bathroom. I splashed my face with frigid water and turned the tap tight. As I moved to switch off the light, my eyes fell upon those of the girl behind the glass. Perhaps it was my wandering mind, but I was sure the right corner of her mouth had tweaked upward momentarily, matched by a gleam in her eyes from behind her confines. ","Summary":" The cold expression of my reflection stared back at me hard; challenging; disapproving. I reached o"},{"Movie":"Black Swan, 2010","Title":"You Were Perfect","Author":"ElphieThroppDG28","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8341172","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Black Swan is probably one of my favorite movies period. It's so twisted and weird, but I love it so much. (Natalie Portman = PERFECTION) Anyway, I wrote this a while back; I was hoping to turn it into a story, but my muse has long since died out for it, so here are the fragments that work the best together. \"I'm so glad you could make it,\" Erica says. \"Nina and I have been a bit lonesome lately.\" The Smith-Sayerses find themselves in a cramped apartment in New York City. It belongs to Erica Sayers and her daughter Nina. Erica, her sister Rachel, and Rachel's husband Thomas, are gathered in the dining area. Quinn, their ten-year-old son, is visibly bored; he occupies himself with his GameBoy. Rose and Sonia, the four-year-old twins, are occupied by the little television set and their toys. Quinn's twin sister, Piper, is down the hallway with sixteen-year-old Nina. Nina is showing her younger cousin her room. Piper looks around. Pink hits her hard in the stomach. Ballerina wallpaper lines the walls; stuffed animals dressed in tutus and ballet slippers sit on various surfaces. The bedspread looks like something Rose and Sonia might have if they were a few years older. \"This looks exactly the same as when you were twelve,\" Piper finds herself blurting out. \"Haven't you asked Aunt Erica to change it?\" Nina shrugs, looking a bit uncomfortable. \"Mom says this room embodies the aura of a ballerina. She doesn't want to mess it up in any way. Besides…I've always liked rabbits in tutus.\" Piper sees the uncertainty in Nina's face, but doesn't say anything. Out in the dining room, Erica continues talking of her favorite subject. \"Nina just auditioned to be in one of THE MOST prestigious ballet companies in the city,\" she brags. \"We should be hearing from them within a few days.\" Rachel's eyebrows knit together. \"Nina's not even out of high school.\" \"It's okay. I've already hired a tutor—\" \"And you don't even know if she's gotten into the company?\" Erica draws herself up to seem fiercer, prouder. \"I want to be prepared.\" Rachel cannot believe what she is hearing. She shakes her head and glances down at her coffee mug. In Nina's room, the girls are discussing the same thing. \"A real ballet company?\" Piper asks. \"With professionals and EVERYTHING?\" Nina nods. \"They should send me a letter in a couple of days. I'm really nervous. Mom is pretty much banking on the fact that I'll get in, but I'm not so sure. Ballet was always her thing…I guess she wants me to love it, too.\" \"Are you afraid to…disappoint her?\" \"Yeah, I guess. I mean, this—\" she waves around the room \"—is her life. It's not mine.\" \"Then tell her that.\" Nina shakes her head vehemently. \"No. I could never do that. It would tear her to pieces to hear that I want to…\" she stops and hangs her head. \"What?\" Piper leans closer. \"I like to draw.\" Nina claps her hand over her mouth as soon as she's said it. Piper arches her eyebrow. \"Is that it?\" She glances around the room at a few of Nina's drawings. \"You shouldn't let Aunt Erica tell you what to do. Nina, you're really good at drawing. It would blow if you didn't pursue it.\" \"Piper?\" My aunt's voice is barely above a whisper as it brings me out of my thoughts. I stand shakily, knowing that it's not an aftershock from the cold air outside. \"She wants you,\" Aunt Erica says to the ugly linoleum floor. \"She's asking for you.\" She meets my eyes, and I almost lose it. How is it that my Aunt Erica, possibly the craziest bitch imaginable, is so weak? What the hell has happened over the years that has led her to act so feeble, so lost? I make my way to Nina's room down the hallway, wincing with every click of my heels. I pull them off halfway to the room, carrying them with me, loving the angry slap my feet make. I freeze in the doorway. I want to run back and hug my mom, I want her to hold me and tell me it's okay, it's all a bad dream. I want to be home in my own room, far away from any of this. Nina is staring at the ceiling, too many IVs to count running from her arms. Her heartbeat is being monitored, and I hate the noise it makes: beep…beep…beep. I try to speak, but my voice won't work. It's clinging to my throat, refusing to say anything. \"Piper?\" This voice sounds even more paper-thin than Aunt Erica's. I can hardly believe it belongs to my cousin, my beautiful cousin, who's lying in a hospital bed. \"It's me,\" I find myself saying, walking in and sitting in a chair next to her. \"I'm here, Nina.\" \"Piper…\" She slowly turns her head to face me. Her eyes are vacant. \"I'm right here,\" I say, fighting off tears that are threatening to start pouring down my face. \"I'm right here, Nina.\" \"I was perfect,\" I think I hear her say. \"What?\" \"Did you see me?\" The ghost of a smile flits across her lips. \"I was perfect.\" \"Nina, what…\" \"I felt it…the Black Swan…it was perfect…\" If she wasn't in a hospital bed, I would strangle her. Why is she bringing this up now? Why would she choose to talk about the ballet? \"Nina, let's not…\" \"You saw me, Piper…I was perfect.\" I'm at a loss for words. After what Aunt Erica and Nina's director, Mr. Leroy, have told us about Nina, I have a pretty good idea about why she's so out of it right now. That, and she's probably high on medication. Apparently, she's been obsessing for months and months about perfecting her dancing, and it's brought out her…conditions. I don't want to call her crazy, because I know she's not. But…what do you call someone who stabbed themself with a shard of glass? \"Tell me I was perfect.\" I look down at her, looking at me, smiling proudly. \"Tell me, Piper. I was perfect.\" \"You were perfect, Nina.\" This brings on the tears I've kept in so long. \"You were absolutely perfect.\" \"Don't cry, Piper,\" Nina croaks out. \"It's okay.\" \"No, it's not okay!\" I glare at her through my tears. \"You're in a hospital, Nina! You're going to go to the Nut House! You have schizophrenia and depression! You can't just tell me things are going to be okay!\" Nina just stares blankly at me as I continue to cry. I know she doesn't understand, but all the same, I'm angry at her. I want her to know the pain she's caused me. \"Piper?\" I turn around, and I see the blurry outline of Quinn in the doorway. I fling myself at him, burying my face in his shoulder as I sob. \"Shh…Piper, don't cry…\" He rubs my back. \"Come on, Mom will take you back to the hotel, okay?\" I nod, and we begin to head out. \"Piper?\" I turn around and see Nina glancing curiously at the doorway. Quinn frowns, but I shrug. \"Yeah, Nina?\" She smiles. \"Thank you.\" I know it doesn't mean much, but I walk over and kiss her forehead, all the same. ","Summary":" Black Swan is probably one of my favorite movies period. It's so twisted and weird, but I love it s"},{"Movie":"Black Swan, 2010","Title":"The Shattered Pieces","Author":"Anastasia's Notebook","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8358075","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I thought of this because of a picture I saw on Deviantart (link to the picture and who made it is on my profile, you should see it, it's amazing) and is the cover of this fanfic (it's being used with permission from the artist). I've actually never seen the movie so please excuse any mistakes. Disclaimer: I don't own the black swan. Too bad, right? The white swan and the black swan. They were both inside of me. All along, I was both, or maybe I turned into both? I had to change into something I was not. The pressure, the expectations, it was all a whirl. The panic lives inside of me now. I don't know how to feel. Most of the time I feel empty but sometimes the panic takes over completely. It grows until I can't think anymore. I get tremors in my arms, jelly legs, hyperventilating, and depersonalization like it's all a dream but it's too real to be a dream. My feelings and thoughts seem like they don't belong to me anymore. It was all too much. Who am I? I don't know who I am anymore. Perhaps I never did. Lost between two people, two swans, and the gap between them huge. They are opposites. I'm both of them. Who am I? The black swan or the white swan? I don't know what to think. I don't know how to think anymore. I can't relax, I can't do anything. I dance because it's the only thing left for me, I grab onto it because I'm afraid of losing it; but when I dance everything moves too fast. Everything turns into reality. I actually turn into the swans. The swans are real, I am the swans. I try to keep my sanity, I struggle but I don't know who I am anymore. What have I done? Half my life is a whirl. Half my life is gone. Half my life is the white swan and the other half is the black swan. I'm both of them, living both their lives. One minute I have him the next he's gone. I'm not myself. I'm not Nina. Nina is a stranger. In her confusion, in her desperation to grab on and to hold on to what she still had of her previous life, of her dream role, of her sanity, she lost the white swan. I'm still the white swan, right? I'm still the swan queen. No, I'm not. The last feather is gone, I can feel it falling. The last feather of white, of purity is gone and I'm the black swan now. Darkness has claimed me, I can feel it. It has taken my soul and my life. I'm the dark swan. I'm the black swan. Not Nina. Perhaps this never happened. Perhaps it was all a dream. Maybe I'm still the white swan. Still sweet, still a dancer, still myself. Not a murderess, not the monster who killed Lily. Who stuffed her in the closet. Lily deserved it, she had tried to take the role from me, Lily was the monster. It's my turn now. Lily didn't deserve to die, though. It's all falling apart around me, I can feel it. My life is no longer mine. My life is the swan lake. I'm the black swan, no longer the swan queen. Maybe now I'm perfect. That's what has driven me all along. That's what they wanted, they wanted me to become the black swan. I'm the black swan, I'm perfect. What is perfection, though? A balance between the black swan and the white swan. Not the black swan. Now I'm the black swan. There's no going back. Who am I? What am I? The black swan? Darkness? Nina? It's too late now. Too late. Too late. That's all I can think. I must dance. I'm the black swan. I'm the swan queen. Who am I? I have no idea. I'm not Nina. They call me that but I barely respond. Nina. I'm not Nina, I'm the black swan. What is real and what is not? I don't know. Everything is real but then it's not. I'm not sure of what's happening anymore. Everything happens in a whirl, it feels real. I'm becoming the black swan. I am the black swan. Sometimes I'm the bystander, watching what's happening to me. Things that can't be happening to me. They can't. They just can't. I'm the swan queen. I got the role. I just want to be perfect. I'm the perfect dancer. It's real, it's happening. I'm the black swan, now. Most of the times I act without thinking. I can't think. The consequences are awful. It's not me who did those things. It's the black swan. I'm the black swan. Brief flashes of what happened, that's all I can remember. Flashes of jealously, of guilt, of the black swan. I'm the black swan. It's real, too real. I'm not going insane. I'm not Nina. Nina went insane. I'm the swan queen, the black swan. I'm perfect. I must have perfection. I need it. Nina had it from the start, she never realized it. I did. The black swan or the white swan? Which one am I? I was the white one now I'm the black swan. I'm the black swan. I lost my mind, I lost my soul. I'm the black swan now. I don't remember who I was. All that's left of the old me are shattered pieces. Shattered pieces reflecting someone who looks like Nina. I'm seeing my life through a thousand mirrors. The mirrors broke. I'm the black swan. It's not my life, my life is the black swan. My life is swan lake. Swan Lake. It's magical. It's perfect. I'm perfect. The mirrors break. The pieces are lying there. I take one, I see my reflection. No, not my reflection. Nina's reflection. I'm the black swan but I used to be Nina. I don't know what I'm doing, one minute I'm looking at myself, the next I'm gone. I must reach perfection. All I want is to be perfect. All I do works towards that. I want to be perfect. I'm perfect now. I'm the black swan and the black swan is perfect. I was perfect… and then I was gone. ","Summary":" A/N: I thought of this because of a picture I saw on Deviantart (link to the picture and who made i"},{"Movie":"Black Swan, 2010","Title":"First and final curtain call","Author":"CaptainElf","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7987719","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I don't own Black Swan. First and final curtain call. \"It is said a swan only has one lover in his entire life. If he, or she, dies, the other swan might die of a broken heart.\" Thomas announced. The party of dancers turned to look at him. It was the day after the first show – they were all in shock. Nina, the head dancer, had killed herself. Driven mad by some desire unknown to them. Lily hadn't even bothered to show up. \"That was what happened last night. Only a twisted version. You see, Swan Lake, had come to life.\" His tone implied sadness and macabre. \"You see, Nina was the white swan. She was sweet, she was innocent – unlike the black swan. The black swan was full of passion, lust and wont.\" \"I don't understand how this has anything to do with Nina.\" One of the dancers said. Thomas' eyes fell on her. \"Of course you don't – I haven't fully explained it yet. You see, Nina's last words were 'I've lived it. I was perfect.' Nina, you see, had gone insane. Her mother confided this to me – after many harsh words, that is. Lily had confided to me another of Nina's disillusions. Nina was as mad as a hatter, if I could use such a term.\" \"It still doesn't explain why she killed herself.\" Another dancer noted. \"A swan only has one lover – and if that lover dies, the swan may die of heartbreak. Repetition of this phrase, I realise that. But what if the swan's meant lover fell for another? The swan would still die of heartbreak… or what say you?\" Silence. \"Nina fell in love. The white swan, that part of her fell in love… but the black swan did too. The problem was that her meant lover fell in love with the black swan. The wrong prince. So – Nina, who was more white swan than anything, killed herself. Just like they did in the ballet.\" Some dancers nodded, starting to comprehend. Thomas took a deep breath. Nina's suicide rested entirely on his shoulders. It was his fault – he'd been enchanted by the black swan, who wouldn't be? He'd been taken in by the white swan's innocence, though. He'd seen her fall for him – not moving a finger to stop it. He didn't want to. She hadn't been alone in the feelings, after all. But he'd pushed her to change into some horrendous being. It ended in her first and final curtain call. \"Which is why I'm stepping down. Another director will take over – another lead dancer. Lily, too, will leave.\" \"Why's Lily leaving?\" \"Same reason as I will – too many to name and none of them your business. I will give you this: Never get so carried away with something that it makes you go insane.\" Thomas turned and left, leaving some dancers confused and others enlightened. A/N: Please review! ","Summary":" A/N: I don't own Black Swan. First and final curtain call. \"It is said a swan only has one lover i"},{"Movie":"Black Swan, 2010","Title":"The Dream","Author":"Menea111","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8139850","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The dream I just loved Black Swan, and after watching it for the third time, I had the idea of Nina meeting the two Swans in dream, and learning from them. And I just had to write this. Enjoy and review! Nina was having a really bad day. Her dream to be the Swan Queen had come true, but the pressure behind it was just…Horrible. Thomas was irritated about the way she was dancing the black, swan, saying it was all frigid. She had always hated that sort of comment, always reminding her about what she wasn't, bringing back her complex. She came home, avoiding her mum, barely talking. She was thinking about the role, about what Thomas told her: live a little. She knew that her way of living wasn't right, even if she couldn't really admit it. She was still living with her mother, who was treating her like a little girl, and she barely had a love life. Before, she could avoid thinking too much about it, content with having a job she loved, but now…Her life was changing, and she wasn't sure how to handle it. It was pretty much like Odile's character. She couldn't understand how she was supposed to let go while dancing, if she had to give a good performance, she had to perfect the steps. So what? She went to bed quite soon, closed her eyes and tried to sleep. After a long moment, she heard a noise of water. She first thought it was mum bathing, but it was certainly late, and beside, it sounded like a stream or a cascade. But it was impossible; she was still in her room, and there was no cascade here! Curious, she left her bed, and decided to see by herself. She opened her door and gasped: here, at the other side of the door, was a huge lake instead of the corridor. She looked breathlessly at the view: she was in a huge forest and in the middle of it, was this beautiful lake, its border was covered with green grass and tiny wild flowers, some rocks were standing at the verge of the water, and it was reflecting the colours of the sky now that the sun had just settled down. Strange, thought Nina after the shock, night had already fall when she had went to bed… She looked behind and saw that her room had disappeared. Instead, she was standing on a rock, and behind her was the down fall she had heard. It was magnificent; all the clear water falling into the lake, once again, Nina's breath was taken. She smiled and left the rock she was on to walk around the lake a little. The moon and the first stars were appearing, and as she reflected on that, a group of white swan came, flying toward the water. Even with the darkness settling she could guess they were pure white. Their gracefulnesses were completing the picture so beautifully that she could have cried out of amazement. The swans first washed their feathers and then went on the earth. Then, Nina felt her knees weaken and her jaw drop as suddenly, the swans' forms changed, their feather disappeared and they finally transformed into beautiful young women. The swan lake…It was the swan's lake! Right here, it was Odette's followers. They were all naked, Nina blushed at this. They dressed themselves into white gowns made of fine garments, which appeared out of nowhere. In the middle, there was one really beautiful who was attended by all the others to dress and comb her hair. She was obviously the leader; she was Odette, the cursed princess. Nina wanted to approach her, but she couldn't move, too confused and entranced. Odette looked like…She looked like Beth, but younger really younger, like the pictures she had saw of her first representation, and she was really beautiful. Nina couldn't help but feel ugly compared to her. Odette turned her head toward her and stood up, without any surprise. She walked toward Nina, who bowed her head once she was close. The other swans were following her, curious to see who was this stranger. \"Welcome, Nina.\" Nina looked at her in surprise. How did she knew her name? \"Th…Thanks, your Honor.\" Odette smiled kindly at her, and extended her hand for her to take. Nina took it with hesitation, and let the princess lead her among the swans. They were all graceful, either smiling at her or just minding their own business. Their devotion to Odette was clear, and since Nina was her guest, they wouldn't have treated her unwell. \"May you join us? We are going to dance.\" \"Oh yes! I am a dancer myself.\" Odette laughed a little at this. Some swans sat down on the ground, and some others began to dance for them. Odette led her to sat beside her on a rock. \"I know. You are playing my role, and Odile. I know this ballet, and I saw every Swan Queen that ever danced, and I must say that sometimes it's quite uncomfortable to have my life depicted as a spectacle. But on the other side, some representations were beautiful.\" Nina was amazed again. She looked at the swan girls, who were dancing as if it was as natural as dancing. She could have cried. Oh how she would have loved to have such grace! Odette put a hand on her shoulder. \"You have difficulties, isn't it?\" \"Yes…With your role, I am fine. In fact, I…I always admired you a lot. But it's Odile…I can't dance her like…I don't even understand how I should dance her part.\" Odette nodded and turned back to the swan dancing. Two went to Nina and invited her to join them. She already knew the steps, so she accepted, not daring to refuse. Nina was a little ashamed of her difficulties compared to them. But their kind smiles and gestures, and the nods of encouragement form Odette gave her more assurance. When she was over, the girls and the princess praised her, and she returned to sat with the White Swan, blushing. Some other swans took their turn to make their show. The swans who weren't dancing were sitting around them, and Nina noticed how Odette looked full of assurance here. She was shy with Siegfried maybe, but among her followers…Well, there was something that emanated from her, she was dominant here, in a sweet and respectful way, but still, she was the one giving orders. \"I know what you are thinking, and yes, they obey and respect me as their queen, but they like me too.\" Nina looked at her questioningly. \"Having the power and responsibility to command people can make some rough, but it's not a fatality. You can be someone dominant and be nice at the same time. I have a curse on me, yes, but it doesn't stop me to have a minimum control on my life, and it doesn't stop me from loving my swans around here and Siegfried.\" She sighed at those last words. Nina nodded, somehow feeling lightheaded with the reflection. She then had a question. \"But with your prince, you…They tell me to play you shy and fragile.\" \"I am shy with him. I'll tell you something, I am so nervous I could vanish sometimes! But I won't behave with my swan the same way I behave with him.\" Nina nodded, understanding. Somehow, she felt like she understood Odette more than ever. Yes she was shy, fearful, but she still had pride and dignity. She smiled, feeling more relaxed. This didn't last long however, when suddenly, Odette turned to her, with light in her eyes and declared: \"I have an idea. I have the feeling that talking with me and dancing with us made you feel better. Maybe you could meet Odile and her followers, it would be good.\" \"Oh! No, I…\" But she stopped in her tracks when she suddenly noticed that Odette didn't look like the young Beth anymore. She looked just like her. And Nina felt her heart leap at the sight of herself beautiful this lovely white swan queen. Odette smiled one last time to her before changing back into a swan, and flying away with all the others. Nina was alone again. She sat on the edge of the lake, and wondered if they would come back. As the moon was raising higher in the ink blue sky, she heard sounds of wings, and raised her head in joy, thinking that the white swans had came back, but felt her stomach twist when she realised that it was swans indeed, but darker than night itself. She stood up, scared; it was the black swans, Odile and her followers. They all landed on earth, and like the white swans earlier, they changed into young women, but this time Nina didn't felt really fine at all. She saw among them a woman who looked really proud and impressive. She was sensual, and her naked body, when she went back to human looked like sin itself, entrancing, tempting, Nina felt a shiver of excitement at the sight of her. She looked like young Beth too, just a bit older, more womanly. She was dressed by her swans, treated like a princess, somehow, it was like the scene of earlier, except that…There was more sensuality and fear in the movements of the black swans when they were behaving around Odile. When she was ready, the Black swan snapped her fingers in a silent order for them to leave her alone. The swans obeyed and went to their own business. Nina felt her knees weaken as Odile approached her with some sort of assurance and aggressively in her pride and sensuality. Nina waited for her to talk, not forgetting to bow her head before her. \"You must be Nina Sayers, aren't you?\" \"Yes Ma…Your Majesty.\" \"Yes, the one who is massacring my part, isn't it?\" Nina blushed, and couldn't disobey when Odile extended her hand for her to take. She sweated and shivered in fear when Odile lead her to the group of black swans and made her sat up on the same rock she was earlier. The swans either looked at her or didn't bother. She straightened her stance when she suddenly felt Odile's hand caressing her breasts. She closed her eyes and couldn't utter a word as Odile was touching more firmly. She sensed the Black Swan's breath at her ear. \"What is wrong Nina, you seem to like it. And I think you'll play my part better with this.\" \"N…No…Stop this!\" She yelled and pushed her hands away. Odile looked at her angry. \"Who do you think you are to deny me?\" Nina felt like she was right but remembered Odette's word: I have a curse on me, yes, but it doesn't stop me to have a minimum control on my life. She wasn't a queen or a swan, but she had the right to say no! \"Who do you think you are to force me to do this?\" She laughed cruelly and stood up before me. \"I am the Black swan, Nina, the dominant, the sensual, the one who doesn't have any boundaries in contrary to you. I am free and powerful. That made me superior to you.\" \"Yet no man loved you for anything else than your body!\" Nina didn't know what took her to say that, but she was glad she did, because for a moment, Odile seemed hurt by her words. But the Black Swan regained her countenance quickly and smirked. \"Do you sincerely think I want something else. I seduce them to satisfy my need, and then threw them away. Like I did with Siegfried, that poor little idiot, and his brainless Odette were so teared apart it was laughable!\" The rage emitting from her was evident. Nina suddenly noticed that the black swans weren't here anymore. They were far on another side of the lake, as if they had been ordered to let them alone. Nina stood up to face Odile. \"You say that…But there is something else in you. Why are you like this, Odile? You don't have to be.\" Odile was silent for some awkward seconds and then she answered finally. \"I don't have to be? But this is how I am! They want me this way; they want me bad, threatening and sensual. My father taught me that way, and I am glad he did. Odile is the bad one, and I assume my role, that's all. Learn something Nina: they made me this way, like your mother made you fragile and fearful. People wanted a monster; I give them one, what is wrong in this? They only love my body as you say, and I love them as toy. It's quite fair all in all, isn't it?\" Nina was dazzled by this. Then, some sort of epiphany made its way through her mind, and she was about to speak it out to Odile, when suddenly, she realised that the blacks swans that accompanied Odile had came back, and were beginning to dance. Without really thinking, Nina joined them, and danced, for the first time of her life, loosing herself in her movements. She was feeling light with the graceful and sensual steps she could make, and with the realisation about Odile: yes she was bad, but it was because no one taught her anything else, like no one taught Odette to be evil. The Black Swan had certainly wished for Siegfried's love, but since she couldn't have it, she had decided to destroy them. There was a part in Odile which wasn't this bad, and her raw sexuality was somehow a way to express her despair. That, she could understand. She thought about Thomas while dancing, about the fact she couldn't have him, and she danced sensual and wanting. When she was over, she looked at Odile, and noticed she didn't look like Beth anymore, but like her. Just like Odette took her appearance, Nina could now see herself gorgeous all in black, dressed as a queen. Odile wasn't, puzzled before Nina. She approached the Black Swan, took her cheeks in her hands and kissed her on the forehead, a light, chaste but tender kiss. She backed away from Nina, stunned. \"I love you, Odile, and not for your body. I really love you.\" The woman shook her head and mumbled, Nina was unable to hear what se was saying, but she knew that she had been touched by this somehow. When she thought about it, it was certainly Odile who just gave her the most precious present she veer received. She breathed in and looked at the moon and breathed in, her heart full of love and tenderness for the two swans. They were only one woman, and finally, Nina felt like she had mastered them both. Things weren't as black and white as it seemed. With a strange inspiration, she began to dance, freely, gracefully, sensually. She made the steps without any efforts, and in her trance she saw that the white swans had returned, to join the black ones, Odette and Odile were standing at each other sides, looking at her. Now it was her turn. She danced with a sort of magical energy, and realised that feathers were growing on her skin, and that it wasn't white or black feathers, but gray ones. A gray swan! She was becoming both the white and the black swan. As she whipped the air with her movements, her winds were finally complete! She was about to fly away… Ring, Ring, Ring… The alarm clock woke her up. Nina woke up in a start and remembered it was only a dream. She sighed and exited her bed. As she regained her sense completely, she suddenly felt that she had new eyes. Her room…It was as if she was still ten years old. She couldn't bear it anymore…She wasn't a child. She could fly away in her dreams, but she would in the real world. Months after the dream, Nina still wondered if some sort of divinity of luck had sent her this dream, maybe some guardian angel. Her life was far better than ever. The day after her dream, she had danced the Coda, and Thomas and the other dancers had been stunned by the way she did it. Sensual, entrancing, attractive, when she was over, Thomas had exclaimed in joy: \"There! You finally got it!\" Things at work went far better. The first representation Of Swan Lake was a triumph, and she had been acclaimed by the audience. In fact, every representation was successful, maybe because Nina couldn't get tired of dancing the Swan Queen. In the same time, she took care about the mortgage, without telling her mother, planning to go away. She had heard Lily say she searched for a roommate, and she proposed herself. Lily had been really happy about it, and when everything was arranged, she had finally told her mother. She remembered well what happened: Erica was painting in her room, when Nina entered, finally decided to tell everything. \" Mom, I am leaving.\" Erica looked at her and nodded, thinking she meant leaving for work. Nina sighed and explained herself better. \" I mean that I am leaving the flat. Definitely. I am moving away.\" Erica's smile faded as she rose from the chair she was in. She first walked toward her daughter but stopped when Nina took a step back. \" What are you saying? You can't go away! You…\" \" Well I can and I am. I can't live with you anymore, it's not sane. I know you think it's the best for me, but it's not.\" \" You don't know what is best for you!\" Nina closed her eyes and shook her head. \" I am moving mom. There is no need to talk about it, I already cancelled the mortgage and signed for my new flat. I am sharing it with a friend from work.\" Erica cried and tried to hold back her daughter, but Nina kept strong and went ahead. The next day, she was packing her stuff, helped by Lily, and she settled in her new home. Lily and her had became very close friend, almost like sisters. The girl was often making her go out, living a more exciting life, and it was really refreshing for Nina who had been sheltered all too much before. The best change was maybe her love life, she hadn't known a lot of good stories, but now, she was officially Thomas girlfriend. It was different from Beth or any other girls. They were openly a couple, not just sex friends. She had discovered that Thomas liked when she was strong and rebellious, and somehow she liked the fact he didn't want a sweet submissive girl. It was helping her to affirm herself. When the production of Swan Lake was over, they started something else, and Nina was once again the lead, the new glory of the theatre. Life was smiling to her, because finally she was complete. Finally, she was assuming the two swans in her: the white and the black. End Hope you liked. ","Summary":" The dream I just loved Black Swan, and after watching it for the third time, I had the idea of Nina"},{"Movie":"Black Swan, 2010","Title":"As long as I am here","Author":"bloemhoffan3000","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7971739","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N1: I'm drowning in ideas for song-fics! And usually I'm not a big fan, but these just won't let go! So, here we are. AS LONG AS I AM HERE I find that I am shaking From my head down to my feet My hands are sweating so bad and I can barely speak Read between the lines here don't know what to think It's a guessing game ... Lily has nightmares about Nina's final performance at least twice a week. She's a wreck. Thomas doesn't even bother to comment on her rehearsals anymore, and it's accepted that Veronica will continue in her place. It always starts the same. They are dancing, and then they're in the cab, on their way home. Nina is looking so relaxed, and happy, and Lily can't keep her eyes off the other girl. She's laughing at the goofy smile on her face, when Nina suddenly gasps, and her eyes turn quickly from their usual warm brown, to black, then red. \"You will never escape me.\" Lily's hands are sticky with blood as she holds onto Nina's pale slumped form. There are tears in her eyes, while Nina stares slightly past her, into nothing. \"I felt it. I was perfect,\" she whispers, awestruck, as her life's blood leaks onto Lily's white shirt. How can a shard of glass create such a huge wound? Lily wonders idly, trying to hold on to Nina's ever weakening body. She's bleeding away. She wakes up when her bloody hands meet each other. Was it the face? Was it the moves? Was it the way that she just knew me? Was it the meaning behind every smile/ I try to walk, but can't leave, her eyes they pierce right through me but I don't care As long as I am here. Somehow, there is video footage of Nina's ill-fated performance making the rounds on the Internet. Lily downloads it, and watches every chance she gets. She ignores the titters of the other dancers behind her back; their whispers of her breakdown leaves her cold. All she sees is Nina. All she wants to see is Nina. When Thomas calls her into his office, it'n not a surprise to anyone. \"Lily, you are leaving me with no other choice,\" he begins, sympathetic. \"I am as upset as anyone that we lost Nina, but ...\" He gives an elegant shrug. This is a business, not a charity. Work, not play-time. \"I cannot keep making excuses for you. I'm sorry.\" She packs her bag in silence, absently noting how little sign there is of herself; or any of them, really. All that remains to remind them are their memories. I can't move cos I'm under her spell can't breathe as a side-effect from this And I know that this will be the end of me. I can't move cos I'm under her spell can't breathe as a side-effect from this and I don't care, As long as I am here. When Nina comes storming in late to rehearsal, snarling at her, she feels relief. The Black Swan is not an easy piece, and while she is infinitely confident in her ability to do justice to Thomas' vision, she has fallen inlove with Nina in it. When she falls, a shocked hush falls over the crowd of dancers and audience alike. Lily remembers how intense Nina is about any imperfections in her dance, real or imagined, and holds her breath. Thomas' face looks like a thundercloud, and when Nina's face crumples, she wants to smack him for his insensitivity. She has to reign herself in though, because it's her turn to dance, and she shoves all thoughts of comforting Nina to the back of her mind. She dances the Black Swan like a woman possessed. Lily feels her heartbeat quicken, and her mouth go dry. Nina was magnificent. When she kisses Thomas, Lily feels like someone punched her in the gut. She manages to ignore the weird jealousy as she sets off to congratulate her rival. She thinks how important that part of the role was to Nina, and she welcomes the surge of pride that she pulled it off so beautifully. \"Nina, that was great!\" she gushes as soon as Nina opens the dressing room door. The girl looks stricken. Lily thinks alot about trusting her instincts, and how she failed Nina. Then she thinks about why that even matters. My head's a mess, my thought a blur, but at the same time clearer and I'm feeling so content, but unsure. Reaching out, reaching in, wish I knew what you were dreaming, I never want to ever let this go. The room is cold, and she always brings a jacket, even on hot days. She doen't talk to her anymore. She used to, in the beginning; telling Nina about her day, between apologising and yelling at her to wake up. Sometimes she tried to jolt her by claiming that Nina's Swan was the worst piece of shit she ever saw, or that Veronica was outperforming Opening Night, but Nina never wakes up; never believes her lies. Erica Sayers asks her once, confusion evident in her eyes, why she still bothers to visit. Her daughter is nothing but an empty shell now, after all. \"I'll be here for as long as she is.\" It's the only thing that keeps her going. A/N2: The song is AS LONG AS I AM HERE by Prime Circle. ","Summary":" A/N1: I'm drowning in ideas for song-fics! And usually I'm not a big fan, but these just won't let "},{"Movie":"Black Swan, 2010","Title":"Joutsenta seuraten","Author":"Aimtist","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8278021","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Joutsenta seuraten Author: Aimtist Fandom: Black Swan Hahmot/Paritus: Lily(/Nina) Summary: Jos heidän yhteinen yönsä olisi ollutkin totta. Mitä Lily ajattelisi ja tuntisi näytelmän päätyttyä? Vastuunvapautus: En omista hahmoja tai maailmaa, minä vain leikin. Varoitukset: Huumeiden käyttöä, hahmon kuolema. AN: Katsottuani kyseisen leffan, iski vain tämmöinen idea. Pahoittelut virheistä, koska tämä on betaamaton. Hän oli ollut pelkuri. Hän oli käyttäytynyt kuin mitään ei olisi tapahtunut ja sekoittanut Ninan pään. Hän oli väittänyt tapahtumia vain uneksi, mutta todellisuudessa se oli ollut totta. Lily vain oli ollut liian pelkuri kohtaamaan Ninan reaktiota, nyt kun hän oli täysin selvä. Hän oli esittänyt todella rohkeaa toisen naisen edessä. Hän oli todellakin esittänyt. Baletti sopi siis hänelle täydellisesti, koska siinä hän voisi myös esittää olevansa joku muu. Joku joka ei ollut ihastunut tanssija kollegaansa. Joku joka ei ollut rakastunut pian kuolleeseen tanssija kollegaan. Hänellä oli ollut mahdollisuutensa ja hän oli hyödyntänyt sen osaksi, silti hän ei ollut paljastanut tunteitaan ja saanut kaikkea haluamaansa. Hän oli saanut yhteisen yön toisen kanssa, mutta ei enempää. Vain yksi yö ja siihen se jäi. Lily oli todennut sen kuitenkin olevan liian myöhäistä jo silloin, kun Nina suuteli Thomasia näytelmän loppuvaiheilla. Hän oli menettänyt mahdollisuutensa jo silloin mutta silti kirpaisi katsoa, kun heidän joutsenensa vietiin sairaalaan, tietäen että toisella ei ollut suuriakaan mahdollisuuksia selvitä. Lisäksi Thomas oli kutsunut toista prinsessaksi, kuten Bethiä aikoinaan, ja Lily tiesi, ettei hän ollut tosissaan Ninan kanssa. Silti Nina oli ihastunut heidän opettajaansa. Ei vain ollut reilua, että vaikka Nina selviäisikin, ei Lilyllä olisi mahdollisuutta näyttää toiselle tunteitaan. Nina lähtisi toisen matkaan. Lilyn ei kuitenkaan kauaa tarvinnut huolehtia Ninan valinnasta. Esityksen tähti ei nimittäin selvinnyt edes sairaalaan asti. Heidän joutsenensa oli hypännyt kalliolta ja lentänyt tuonelaan. Hylännyt heidät muut. Lily meni siihen samaan baariin, missä hän ja Nina olivat viimeeksi juhlineet. Sen ensimmäisen ja ainoan kerran, kun he olivat juhlineet. Sieltä hän tilasi saman juoman kuin viimeeksi, terästi sitä hieman huumeilla ja iski itselleen miehen. Sen yön hän vietti ajatellen vain Ninaa, joka ei selvinnyt. Ninaa, joka oli ollut kauhean stressin alaisena viime viikot. Ninaa, joka oli ollut kaikin tavoin täydellinen. Hän ajatteli toista naista jopa kesken hyvänolon tunteen, mitä hänelle nimetön ja kasvoton mies aiheutti. Hän kuvitteli sen olevan Nina. Nina hänen rakkaansa, hänen joutsenensa. Ei kulunut edes viikkoa, kun Lily ilmoitti lopettavansa baletin. Baletti oli syy, miksi Nina oli kuollut. Se toi liikaa kivuliaita tunteita pintaan. Tunteita jotka muistuttivat häntä rakkaudesta, jota hän tunsi jo kuollutta naista kohtaan. Mutta ilman balettia, hänellä ei ollut pientäkään muistoa toisesta. Ajan kuluessa hänen muistinsa alkoi pettämään. Hän ei muistanut enää täysin toisen silmien loistetta, ruumiin liikettä, tapaa jolla toinen tanssi. Hän ei muistanut enää, mikä teki Ninasta niin täydellisen. Se syöksi hänet kohti kuolemaan. Hän ei tahtonut unohtaa rakasta Ninaansa. Siksi hänen olisi turvauduttava epätoivoisiin tekoihin, jos hän tahtoisi muistaa toisen vielä taivaan tai helvetin porteilla. Muutaman viikon Ninan kuolemasta Lily sinnitteli. Mutta nyt kun hän oli alkanut unohtaa, hänen olisi ryhdyttävä tositoimiin. Hän otti yhteyttä välittäjäänsä ja tilasi tarpeeksi huumeita, jotta yritys onnistuisi. Ja vain muutaman päivän päästä, joku olisi löytänyt hänet kuolleena makuuhuoneestaan. Kuolinsyynään yliannostus. Ja niin tarina sai päätöksensä kuten baletissa. Valkoinen joutsen syökseen itsensä kuolemaan ja prinssi seuraa hänen perässään. Lily valtasi itselleen lavan ulkopuolla prinssin roolin, ja niin hän sekä Nina toivat teoillaan tarinan eloon, kun heistä kumpikin samaistuivat rooliinsa turhankin vahvasti. ","Summary":" Title: Joutsenta seuraten Author: Aimtist Fandom: Black Swan Hahmot/Paritus: Lily(/Nina) Summary: J"},{"Movie":"Black Swan, 2010","Title":"MIA: Missing In Action","Author":"bloemhoffan3000","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8042420","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: Lyrics to 'Missing' by Evanescence are not mine. 'Black Swan' the movie is not mine. Reviews will be all mine. Summary: The Black swan is dead. The White swan is fatally wounded. Nina is the only one left, but is she still standing? MIA: Missing In Action The bright lights blind her, and Nina can't see the looks of horror and revulsion cast her way. She is lost inside her world of perfection, the joy of a mission accomplished to its full extent still coursing through her veins. This has been the unreachable peak of her journey for so long, and finally she has made it. The rest doesn't matter. The emptiness she became aware of after Lily's interruption in her dressing room is nothing but a distant memory in this moment. The only thing that has any resonance for the young dancer, is that she is perfect. For one instance in time, she is exactly who she wants to be. Please, please forgive me But I won't be home again, Maybe someday you'll have woke up and barely concious, you'll say to no one: Isn't something missing? The doctor's eyes are full of questions, and strangely tempered with pity. It is obvious that Nina tried to kill herself, and yet no one seems able to understand why. The girl herself least of all. It is only at night that the truth reveals itself, or rather herself. The space inside herself that Nina associates with the Black swan is an empty hollow. She hears the wind whistle through it, haunting moans that both frighten and sadden her. When she wakes with tears on her cheeks, she doesn't know why. When her scar throbs in sync with her heartbeat, she spells her guilt in code. She finally gathers the courage to ask if any piece of glass remained inside, possibly festering; a plausible reason for the feeling of dread crawling in her breast. She is strangely dissatisfied with their answer. You won't cry for my absence I know; you forgot me long ago. Am I that unimportant? Am I so insignificant? Isn't something missing? Isn't someone missing me? Even though I'd be sacrificed, you won't try for me, not now. Though I'd die to know you love me, I'm all alone Isn't someone missing me? When she is discharged, Erica is there in all her caring, over-protective glory. Nina thinks she remembers a time, brief and sweet, when she was comforted by her mother's embrace; when Erica's arms were safety and protection and everything-will-be-okay. But that is long ago, and all she sees now are bars. She wonders if escape is possible, but where woud she go? Does the world not still scare her? she wonders, when a surge of bravery follows her innocent query. What is this emotion threatening to dismantle her entire system? Wasn't she still her mother's sweet girl in the end? Why then do these wings no longer chafe? And if I bleed, I bleed knowing you don't care. And if I sleep just to dream of you and wake without you there, Isn't something missing? Isn't someone missing me? Lily visits her at home, and Nina convinces her mother to leave them alone. Her one-time rival is full of useless gossip about the Company; but the never-ending drama of the dancers has never penetrated Nina's focus while she was a part of it, and doesn't interest her now that she is an outsider. She knows suddenly that it is, for Lily, a ruse. A comfortable mask to show her concern yet hide her true intention. \"Ask me,\" she interrupts as Lily re-enacts another insult-filled dialogue between herself and Veronica. \"Ask me what happened.\" While the other girl deliberates, Nina says goodbye to innocence; she is not blameless, she finally acknowledges. She practices saying the words, lines them carefully on her tongue. Her mother will be disappointed, and the rest of Thomas Leroy's Company will call her crazy. But perhaps Lily, her almost-friend, her almost-foe, will hear; will listen. And help her to search for Nina. She hopes that there will be an answer; that there is an end to this journey her mind insists on taking. She hopes that Nina is still hoping for that too. ","Summary":" Author's Note: Lyrics to 'Missing' by Evanescence are not mine. 'Black Swan' the movie is not mine."},{"Movie":"(500) Days of Summer","Title":"Two fans, a band, and a dream","Author":"i.love.jace.lightwood.11","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11015393","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note- Please Read :) Hey Ninjas, it has been a while. I am going through and updating all of my stories on here. It is going to take a while because most of the stories are complete, with 40+ chapters. I am going to update them all on google docs and then I will upload them on here once I have the whole story edited. The stories will follow the same plot, but I might change some of the character's names just so it sounds better. Remember when reading the stories right now, I was 13 and 14 when I wrote them. I am now 17 almost 18, my writing has improved a lot since I first wrote these stories, so there are gaps, bad spelling, and grammar mistakes all throughout these stories, but that is why I am going through and editing them. I love you guys, and if you need help with writing or have questions and or suggestions for any of these stories, pm me or review. Peace out my ninjas :) ~M[Chapter 2] A/N: Hey everyone just wanted to let you know, this story has been completely updated and edited, if you find any mistakes please let me know. When I get done editing my other stories I will work on creating new posts :) Much love, peace out my ninjas :) ~M[Chapter 3] A/N: Hey guys this is my new story, I am gonna introduce you to my OC's that way you won't be so confused when the story starts :) Here ya go my ninjas :) 3~M Eleanor Rose Lovelace: Looks: She has long, curly, brown hair paired with hazel eyes. She is 5'6 and she is a muscular girl, so she isn't the skinniest but she isn't fat either. Nickname(s): Ella, Ellie, El Personality: Sweet, Kind, Caring, Sarcastic, Smart, Athletic, etc. Favorite Color(s): Purple and any shade of blue Favorite Sport to Play: Softball Favorite Sport to Watch: Anything but golf Favorite Number: 11 Where she lives: She lives in Tennessee but she will move to Sydney later in the story. Age: 15 currently, but will be 21 later in the story ATM: She is a sophomore in High School (10th Grade) Extra: She loves to listen to music, to sing, to read, and to write Melody Grace Lovegood: Looks: She has long, straight, blonde hair paired with blue eyes. She is 5'1 and built rather small. Nickname(s): Mel Personality: Sweet, Kind, Sarcastic, Smart, Funny, etc. Favorite Color(s): Teal and Black Where she lives: She lives in TN but will move to Sydney later in the story Favorite Number: 11 Age: 13 but she will be 18 later in the story ATM: She is in 7th grade Extra: She loves to listen to music and read Madi Lee Plott: Looks: She has long, wavy, brown hair paired with dark brown eyes. She is 5'3 and she has a fit build. Personality: Sweet, kind, sarcastic, smart, funny, etc. Favorite Color(s): Teal and Black Where she lives: TN but she will move to Sydney later in the story Favorite Number: 17 Age: 13 atm but she will be 18 later in the story ATM: 7th grader Extra: She loves music, she doesn't play sports, she loves anime, and her favorite video game is Zelda Mikah Deon Stephens: Looks: She has long, light brown hair paired with hazel eyes. She is 5'1 and has a fit build. Personality: Shy at first, sarcastic, funny, smart, kind caring, and loud once you get to know her Favorite Color(s): Purple Where she lives: Tn but will move to Sydney Favorite Number:8 Age: 15 but will be 21 later ATM: She is a Sophomore in HS (10th grade) Extra: She loves music, and she plays softball Tyler Alexander Johnson: Looks: He has short, brown, and slightly wavy hair paired with light blue eyes. He is 6'1 and has a muscular build. Personality: Funny, caring, overprotective, Nice, Athletic, etc. Favorite Color(s): Blue Where he lives: Tennessee Favorite Number: 7 Fav Sport to Play: Baseball Fav Sport to watch: Football Age: 14 ATM: He is an 8th grader Extra: he loves music like the rest of them. He is Mel's best friend but they are not dating! Evan Thomas Crow:. Looks: He has short, blonde hair paired with bright green eyes. He is 6'0 and has a fit build Personality: Funny, sarcastic, smart, athletic, loud, etc. Sport he plays: Soccer Favorite Color(s): Black and Green Where he lives: He was born in California but moved to Tennessee Favorite Number: 15 Age: 14 almost 15 ATM: 9th grade Extra: Madi's best friend, loves music. Lance Trenton Crow: Looks: He has short, wavy, dirty blonde hair paired with bright blue eyes. He is 6'2 and has a muscular build Personality: Funny, smart, sarcastic, loud, athletic, and a little nerdy. Favorite Color(s): Black and Orange Where he lives: He was born in California and lived there for a while before moving to Tennessee Favorite Number: 88 Age: 15 Sport: Basketball ATM: 10th grade Extra: Ethan is his younger brother, and Mikah is his best friend Emmett Jonathan Jones: Looks: He has short, brown hair paired with green eyes. He is 6'3 and has a fit build. Personality: Athletic, funny, nerd, smart, sarcastic Favorite Color(s): Red Where he lives: He was born and lived in Australia but moved to TN in the 8th grade Sport:Baseball Favorite Number:71 Age: 16 ATM: Sophomore (10th grade) Extra: Ella's best friend A/N: There will be more character's added as I go through the story, they will be below this A/N :) Zach (Mikah's date to the concert)- Looks: Light brown hair, brown eyes, 5'8, fit build Personality: Funny, athletic, loud, sarcastic, not serious Favorite Color(s): Orange Where he lives: Tennessee Favorite Number: 18 Age: 15 ATM: Sophomore (10th grade) Extra: He is Mikah's date to the concert Will ( Madi's date to the concert)- Looks: Blonde hair, green eyes, 5'9, skinny build Personality: Sarcastic, caring, smart, nice, etc. Favorite Color(s): Lime Green Where he lives: Tennessee Favorite Number:14 Age: 13 ATM: 8th grade Extra: Madi's date to the concert Lanie (Lance's date)- Looks: Blonde hair, blue eyes, 5'4, small build Personality: Funny, smart, kind, etc. Favorite Color(s): Green Where she lives: Born in Kentucky moved to TN Favorite Number: 10 Age: 15 ATM: Sophomore (10th) Extra: Lance's date Lucy ( Evan's date)- Looks: Red hair, green eyes, 5'2, skinny build Personality: Sweetheart, caring, loving, nice, etc. Favorite Color(s): Red Where she lives: TN Favorite Number: 13 Age: 14 ATM: Freshman (9th) Extra: Evan's date A/N: Next post will be chapter one :) As always reviews of kind words and kind criticism are welcome :) Peace out my ninjas :) ~M[Chapter 4] A/N: Hello my ninjas, this is my first chapter, I hope you enjoy :) As always if you have any questions or comments leave a review or pm me :) ~M Chapter 1 Eleanor's POV \"Mel, we are here, come on!\" I call out, as I enter my cousin's house, which was very familiar to me. \"I'm coming!\" She replies, and I can hear her footsteps coming down the stairs. I turn around and head back outside. I climb into the Jeep which currently holds, Emmett, Madi, Mikah, and Tyler. After Melody gets to the car, we have to go pick up Evan and Lance from their house, then we can head to school. Emmett is the oldest out of all of us, and the only one that has his driver's license, which is why we all ride with him in his extended cab Jeep. \"Emmett can we listen to one of my favorite bands?\" I ask him, and he gives me a smile. \"Of course El, anything you want.\" Emmett replied, putting the car in park while they waited on Mel. My cheeks turn a soft pink color and I look down while Mikah and Madi give me a knowing look. They both know I have a crush on Emmett and have since the beginning of last year. Mel and Tyler know as well, while Evan and Lance are clueless. I grab my phone and turn bluetooth on, then I connect it to the Jeeps radio. I quickly go to my most recent music, finding the song I wanted. I click on a song called Long Way Home, by 5 Seconds of Summer also known as 5SOS. We get about halfway through the song before Mel joins us in the Jeep, she had a wide smile because this is her favorite song. Emmett started driving, concentrating on the road . When the song comes to an end I was scrolling through to play the next song when Emmett speaks up. \"Wait Ellie, who was that song by?\" Emmett asks, his eyes still focused on the road as he drives. \"A band called 5 Seconds of Summer.\" I answer, glancing over at him with curiosity. They were my favorite band and Calum and Ashton were my favorite members, though I loved all of them. \"Okay and what is the name of the members?\" He asks, and seconds later adds, \"I know I am being weird, just answer the question.\" It is like he read my mind, I was literally about to ask why he was being weird. \"Ashton, Luke, Calum, and Michael.\" I reply, not including the last names because I didn't think it would matter that much. Emmett shakes his head and glanced at me before focusing on the road again. \"What are their full names El, include last names.\" Emmett states, I noticed our friends weren't paying attention to our conversation. \"Ashton Fletcher Irwin, Luke Robert Hemmings, Calum Thomas Hood, and Michael Gordon Clifford.\" I say, stating their full names, and wondering why Em was being so weird. \"Oh my god...\" Emmett's accent came through on those three words, making me smile softly. I loved when his Australian accent showed. \"What's up Emmett? You are acting really strange.\" I ask him as he comes to a stop in front of Evan and Lance's house. Saylor and Madi climb out of the jeep and head inside to get the boys. Finally Emmett looks at me, his eyes were a little wide. \"Ella I know them, I know all of them. Remember I lived in Australia before I came here, to be specific Sydney, Australia. I went to the same school as them. I was best friends with Ashton. I talked to Michael, and Luke, I was pretty good friends with Calum. Ashton is actually the one who taught me how to play drums, I didn't know they were getting big. I actually have all of their numbers...\" Emmett trails off as he noticed me staring at him, my mouth open a little in shock. \"You actually know them?\" I mumbled, glancing at my best friend. \"Look I will text Ash right now.\" Emmett states, pulling his phone out. He goes into his texts and finds a contact. He does some stuff and then shows me it is a group chat. The contact names read, Ash, Cal-Pal, Lucas, and Mikey. He types a quick text that reads: Hey guys, I just heard that you are starting to get big, congrats my brothers. I miss you guys, maybe we can get together if you guys come to America. Miss you guys ~E He shows me the text after he sends it, not minutes later his phone dings four times. The four replies were: Dude I miss you so much, Sydney ain't the same without you, thanks, it is crazy. Louis Tomlinson from 1D noticed us and now bam we have tour starting in a few weeks. I can't believe it dude, we definitely need to meet up though. -Ash I miss you too Emmett, I miss my futbol bro, we need to get together soon, and thanks it is amazing, wish you were here with us though, it is not the same without you mate -Cal-Pal Miss you too mate, I miss my video gaming mate, you need to come back, these blokes don't play COD, how am I gonna survive!?-Mikey Sydney is not the same mate, we miss you a lot. I wish you could be here sharing this experience, How is America though? Is it as cool as everyone thinks?-Lucas \"I can't believe you know them.\" I whispers, in disbelief. Emmett doesn't reply instead he gives me a gentle smile. He sends a reply: (This is the whole text convo) Emmett's POV Luke, America is pretty great, though I am kinda home sick. I have some amazing friends here, and if we get to meet up, you guys have to meet them. Ash, we will make plans soon. Cal, I wish I could be there too, Mikey, don't worry we can still play together over internet. I miss you guys like crazy. Everyone here talks weird. I miss my mates. -E Are any of these friends girls?- Mikey You replaced us already, I'm hurt- Luke Who are these new friends?- Ash Why E, why? *Crying emoji*-Cal Yes Mikey, four of them are girls. Luke I could never replace you guys. Ash their names are Ella, Saylor, Mikah, Madi, Tyler, Lance, and Evan. Cal, I'm sorry *Pouting emoji* -E Who is the girl you are hitting on?-Mikey Okay, I forgive you- Luke Cool, you got pictures?- Ash But why?- Cal What did I do Cal? Thank you Lucas, Yes I have pics Ash. Mikey...there is this one girl in our group that I like but...-E But...finish it up mate, whatcha waiting for? Does she have a boyfriend? Wait which one is she, Ella, Mikah, Madi or Saylor? -Mikey Our little Emmett has a crush...so cute-Luke Yeah which one is it E?-Cal Dude spit it out, what is wrong?- Ash Well...I really, really like her. She is so special, but I don't think she likes me...I don't know what to do. There is this school concert thing coming up and i really want to ask her to go with me...but I don't know how.-E Well...which one is it?\" Mikey Yeah tell us Em, which one?- Ash Tell us mate, we won't say anything, we are here to help.- Cal Yeah, come on mate. Tell us.-Luke A/N: I left you with a nice cliff hanger, though if you connect the hints[Chapter 5] A/N: Hey guys, sorry that last chapter was a bit boring, I am gonna try and spice it up a bit. Love you my ninjas :)~M Chapter 2 Emmett's POV (Text convo continued) Fine...it is Ella. I like... no I think I am in love with Ella. I don't think she likes me though, at least not in that way. She is my best friend. I think I am screwed for liking her you guys. Should I ask her to the concert thing or not? I need help from you guys. -E Dude, you are so screwed. Maybe ask her, and base whether she likes you or not on her reaction. -Mikey I'm sure she likes you mate, I mean Idon't know. Maybe ask her out to the concert and go from there- Ash I don't know dude, I say go for it. If anything ask her initially as a date and if she doesn't want it to be that way she will probably say something like, 'Sure lets go as friends' -Luke Okay here is what should happen, since these guys are no help. I say you find a cute way to ask her to the concert. Like get her a stuffed animal and ask her to go with you, or maybe a necklace or something like that. Then ask her to go with you, and she should say yes. Watch her face, judge her emotions. If she is all blushy and crap then she probably likes you. If not you guys are just best friends and that is it. I hope that helped. -Cal Cal you are the only one that actually helped, though Luke had a point. I think I am gonna ask her to go with me, and tell her I have a surprise for her after the concert. Then after the concert I will give her this really cute necklace and ask her to be mine. You know as long as everything goes smoothly during the concert. -E That sounds good dude. Just be nice about asking her. Can we see what she looks like?- Cal Yeah, I want to know what she looks like!- Mikey Wait does she have twitter or instagram?-Ash Wait does she know who we are? Like the band?-Luke I can try and send you guys a pic, Yes she has both Ash. Yes Luke she knows about you guys, and she is actually a fan. -E Wait who is her favorite, this is an very important question- Mikey Oh my god guys, she knows us...- Luke Will she flip out if I follow her on twitter?- Ash What is her twitter name? I am gonna follow her, and then I will follow her with the band account- Cal I will ask in a bit Mikey. Yes she knows you Luke. I believe she might cry if you follow her Ash. Her twitter name is ellierose1115 thank you guys and don't tell her I got you to follow her or anything- E Wait dude, is she with you? Does she know we are all friends?- Mikey Wait...is she there? I want to talk to her!- Luke I just followed her- Ash Same- Cal Just then I look up at Ella. She is looking down at her phone with her hand over her mouth. \"What's wrong El? Are you okay?\" I ask concerned, thinking maybe something bad happened \"Ashton, Calum and the band account just followed me on twitter...\" Ella gasps, as she literally starts taking short breaths. \"El calm down. I don't want you to have a panic attack. Please. Take deep breaths.\" I tell her, my eyes going wide as she starts literally freaking out. I know she has problems with panic attacks, she nods her head, trying to take deep breaths. I unbuckle and grab her bag. I look through it until I find her inhaler, knowing it would help her collect her breath. I put it up to her mouth and make her take a deep breath from it. She holds it for a count of ten and then I give her another. After that she slumps back in her seat, still breathing deeply. She was shaking a little, probably from fear of nearly having a panic attack. \"Hey you are alright, come here.\" I whisper, pulling her into my lap. I completely forget about the fact that everyone but Madi and Mel were still in the back seat. I lightly rock Ellie back and forth, attempting to get her to calm down. I stop doing that and just hold her. I move my hand down her back, and rub light patterns into the small of her back, it is one of the few things that calms me down when I am upset. I take the other hand and lightly rub it through her hair, something else that calms me down when I am worked up. I feel her relax and buries her face into my chest. She is still clutching my shirt in her hand, she had stopped shaking but I continued to hold her close. \"Are you okay baby girl?\" I whisper, the nickname rolling off my tongue before I could think about it. I feel her lightly nod, as she holds onto me, not loosening her grip. \"You are okay, I promise. I will protect you no matter what.\" I whisper into her ear, rubbing her back as the others approached the jeep. \"What happened to El?\" Madi asks, climbing back into the car, Mel, Evan, and Lance following her. \"She had a panic attack because Ashton, Calum and the band account followed her on twitter. She was having trouble breathing and luckily Emmett knew where her inhaler was and helped her, and he has been comforting her since. By the way Emmett knows the boys, like the 5SOS boys.\" Mikah explains, her voice soft and calm, so she didn't make Ella more upset. \"What! Emmett you know them? Why didn't you tell us!\" Mel exclaims, seeming to forget the girl in my arms. \"Shut it Mel, El just had a freaking panic attack, I will talk to you about this later. I'm gonna take you guys to school and then I am gonna take Ella back to my house.\" I state, glancing at the others. They all nod in agreement, giving me a worried glance because I had whispered yelled at Melody. I let out a soft breath and looked down at Ella. \"Ellie, I need to drive now. Sit in your seat. After I take the others to school, we are going back to my house okay? I need you to let go now.\" I whisper in her ear, making sure no one else can hear me. I feel her lightly nod into my chest, her grip on my shirt loosening. I pick her up again and lightly set her in her seat. I start the car again and glance over at Ella. She is leaning against the window, dazed out, with tear stains on her cheeks. It was clear that the follows weren't what was bothering her. She was shaking again and it makes my heart hurt, all I want to do is hold her close. I reach over and take her hand in mine, a small attempt to comfort her while I can't hold her. I begin the five minute drive to the school. I let my thumbs trace circles on the back of Ella's hand. I can't believe I am doing this, at least I can ask her to the concert later. Soon enough we arrive at the school. Instead of going to the normal parking space, I just drive in front of the school. \"Okay pile out, I gotta get out of here before the teacher...or principle see us.\" I instruct, as the six of them pile out. \"I will pick you guys up later.\" I tell them. \"Wait dude, can I talk to you real quick?\" Tyler asks giving me a pointed look. \"What Tyler?\" I ask glancing at Ella and seeing she is almost asleep. \"Dude, we were gonna ask them to the concert together! What are we doing now?\" Tyler asks, almost in a panic, making me feel guilty. \"I'm gonna ask her at the house Ty. Get Lance to help you ask Mel, I'm sure everything will be fine.\" I answer patting Tyler's back through the window, I felt bad, but I needed Ella to be okay. \"Fine, thanks bro, see ya later yeah?\" He asks and I nod. He walks inside a minute later, and I go pull out of the school. \"Where are you going Mr. Jones?\" The sound of our principal's voice rings through my ears. \"Sir, Megan had a panic attack and still hasn't fully recovered. It isn't a good idea for her to be at school today. I am gonna take her home and stay with her to make sure she is okay. \" I explain, giving him the honest truth, because I wanted him to believe me. \"Very well Mr. Jones. Do her parents know?\" He asks and I cringe at the mention of them. \"No sir, um her parents are not in her life. She lives with her grandmother. Her grandmother is at work, but I will let her know as soon as we get to the house.\" I tell him, wishing he would just let me go. \"Okay, just make sure you both stay out of trouble.\" Then he walks away, luckily Ella and I were both good kids. I sigh in relief, before pulling out of the school and in the direction of my house. My mom went to work so we will be home alone, not that it was the first time we were. ***Twenty minutes later*** We finally arrive at my house. I glance at Ella and notice she is fully asleep now. I let out a soft sigh and walk around to her side of the Jeep. I open the door and gather her into my arms, being as gentle as I can. I decided to leave our bags in the Jeep, once I had El out I lightly close the Jeep door. I head towards the door of our small house, making sure I had my key in hand. I re-adjust El in my arms so I can unlock the door. I get it unlocked and carry Ella inside, placing her on the couch. I head back outside and grab our school bags, knowing her bag held her phone inside. Once I am back inside, I leave the bags by the door and lock the door. I then walk back into the living room and pick Ella up again. I carry her upstairs and into my room, placing her on my bed. \"You are safe with me baby girl, no matter what.\" I whisper, placing a kiss on her forehead. I climb in bed beside her before grabbing my phone. I see several texts from the boys, making me feel guilty for not responding. (Text convo) How did she react?- Ash I want to talk to her dude! Are you there?- Luke Hello Emmett are you there?- Mikey Dude why aren't you responding?- Cal Is she okay?- Ash What happened?- Mikey I'm worried E, what happened?- Cal Dude what is going on?- Luke I sigh before deciding to continue texting them, knowing they are on break from their recent tweets, which means they are back home. Hey guys sorry, Ella flipped out because she was so happy. She has panic attacks really easily so she had one and had trouble breathing. We all carpool in my car to school so we were picking up Evan and Lance, which is why I was texting you guys is bc I was stopped. I had to give Ella her inhaler. She started crying and I held her while she cried into my chest, it wasn't you guys fault though, she has had panic attacks ever since she was little because of her parents. I am so worried about her. I decided that it was better for her not to go to school, considering she fell asleep afterwards. So I took her back to my house, and now she is lying asleep beside me- E I take a deep breath after sending that text. I hope I explained it enough. I roll onto my side and watch Ella for a minute. I really hope she is okay. I am so worried about her. I feel my phone vibrate and know they have responded. oh my god, is she okay now?- Ash I am so sorry. I had no idea she would flip out- Cal Is she okay?- Mikey Oh god...- Luke I laugh silently at Luke, god he is a idiot I swear. Really Luke? She is okay now, probably just exhausted. She never gets good sleep because she has nightmares. She called me at three in the morning yesterday. Every time she has a nightmare she calls me bc I am the only one who can calm her down, or at least that is what she says.-E Good, sorry again.- Ash That is cute, I think she likes you mate- Mikey Awe- Luke I'm glad she is okay, maybe she can get some rest with you by her side ;) - Cal I let out another soft sigh and looked over at Ella again. I notice that she is stirring. \"Ellie?\" I whisper and she slowly blinks her eyes, adjusting to the darkness, seeing as I have thick curtains and I didn't bother turning on the lights, seeing as I didn't want to bother her. \"E? Where are we?\" She whispers, her voice sounding small and a little weak. \"My house, in my room. I didn't think school would be a good idea for you.\" I reply, giving her a concerned look. \"Thank you.\" She whispers and I tilt my head in slight confusion. \"For what?\" I ask, and I get to see her beautiful smile. \"Saving me back there, and taking my here and everything. I don't know what I would do without you.\" She whispers, scooting closer and placing her head on my chest as she cuddles into my side. I bite my lip to hide a smile as she did and gently rubbed her back. \"Go to sleep baby girl, I will be here when you wake up.\" I whisper in her ear, wanting to kiss her head, but holding back. \"Why do you keep calling me that?\" She whispers, her voice was filled with sleepiness and I wondered if she would remember this when she woke up. There was a slight blush to her cheeks though. \"Because Ellie, I like you, like a lot.\" I whispers, looking down at the beautiful girl. A/N: I hope you enjoyed this :) Btw this is an edited version of the original. Much love :) Peace out my ninjas :) ~M[Chapter 6] Chapter 3 Ella's POV I can't believe that he actually likes me. Like in a way more than a best friend. I am so shocked that I forget to say anything, or do anything for that matter. \"Um...Ella?\" Emmett asks nervously, this shakes me out of my trance and I sit up a bit to look at him. \"I like you too E, like a lot.\" I whisper, my voice filled with tiredness from my panic attack earlier. \"Ella will you go to the concert thing at school with me?\" He whispers, he sounds so nervous and worried, as if I would say no. \"Like a date?\" I ask, suppressing my smile. \"I mean...If that's what you want it to be, then yes.\" Emmett replies, letting his smile show despite the bright pink color in his cheeks. \"Then yes, I will accompany you to the concert.\" I reply in a fake British accent. He chuckles lightly and smiles at me. \"Come on, you need some sleep El.\" Emmett states, pulling me back down to him. I settle in with my head on his chest. \"I am only going to sleep if you do too.\" I state, not moving from my spot, but forcing my eyes to stay open. \"I promise I will, now come on I will fight the nightmares.\" Emmett whispers, and I smile at him, not that he can see that, it was too dark in here. \"How?\" I whisper, my eyes becoming heavy as I remain close to him. \"With my bare hands obviously.\" He replies and I can feel him smiling without seeing it. \"Sing to me?\" I ask him, my eyes falling closed. \"Okay.\" He replies before starting to sing a all too familiar song. \"Oh whoa whoa oh, oh oh oh Oh whoa whoa oh [x2] I need your love to light up this house I wanna know what you're all about I wanna feel you feel you tonight I wanna tell you that it's alright I need your love to guide me back home When I'm with you, I'm never alone I need to feel you feel you tonight I need to tell you that it's alright We'll never be as young as we are now It's time to leave this old black and white town Let's seize the day Let's run away Don't let the colors fade to grey We'll never be as young as we are now As young as we are now Oh whoa whoa oh, oh oh oh Oh whoa whoa oh\" I smile and fall asleep to one of my favorite songs, that is being sung by the boy I think I am in love with. Finally I let sleep pull me into its oblivion. Emmett's POV I begin singing the only song I know by heart, that is played by my best friends. After I reach the first chorus I feel Ella's breath slow down and become even and I know she is asleep. I stop singing and relax a little bit, holding her close to me. I move one arm off of her and grab my phone. I quickly text the boys and tell them that I am gonna go to sleep. Once they reply I cuddle back up to Ellie and let my eyes fall closed. I sigh in content, pressing a kiss to Ella's forehead. \"I love you baby girl.\" I whisper, not that I would actually say that to her yet. Before I know it I am pulled into sleep. **Two hours later-Still Emmett's POV** I wake up to Ella shaking and whimpering. I know she is in the midst of a nightmare. \"Ellie wake up.\" I shake her but it doesn't work. \"Come on baby girl, please wake up.\" I whisper, shaking her more. She jerks up in the bed, hitting me in the process, not that I care. I will probably have a slight black eye, but oh well. \"Sh, hey it's just me baby girl.\" I whisper, she immediately clings to my chest, breathing deeply. I lightly trace patterns in her back, now knowing that it calms her down. \"It's okay El, you're safe. I gotcha.\" I whisper, my accent thick at the moment, like it often was in the mornings or right after I wake up. I feel her breathing slow a bit, and know she has relaxed. I lean us back against the headboard and let her rest against my chest. \"Do you want to tell me what it was about?\" I ask her lightly, not forcing anything out of her, but giving her the chance if she needed to. \"They took you from me. They dragged you away, beating you. I...I couldn't take it. I tried to fight back, but they took me too. Just to a different place. I refused to cooperate with anything until they told me where you were. They told me...that...that you were gone.\" She explains choking up in some parts, tears running down her cheeks. \"Sh, it's okay princess, I'm right here. I'm not going anywhere.\" I whisper to her, running my fingers lightly through her hair. \"Don't ever leave me.\" El whispers, still a bit shaky. \"Never.\" I reply, kissing the top of her head. \"Promise?\" She asks, looking up at me slightly. \"I swear,\" I reply looking down at her, turning on the lamp so we could see each other better. \"Did I hit you?\" She whispers concern filling her eyes, as she gently cupped my cheek. My eye must look as bad as it feels. I nod softly, not being able to tell her in words. \"I am so so so sorry, let me go get you some ice.\" She says starting to get up, I pull her back to me before she gets all the way up. \"No stay here, please. It is okay, I just want to stay here. I will be fine I promise, I have had a lot worse. Just cuddle with me please.\" I whisper, trying to keep her in the bed. When I say to cuddle with me she stops struggling. She smiles lightly and moves up to me again. \"I am really sorry.\" She whisper, pressing a kiss to my cheek, just below my eye. \"It's okay, now come here.\" I reply pulling her down so she was laying beside me. This time we end up spooning, me being the big spoon of course. I smile lightly and hold her close. \"Sleep well baby girl.\" I love you, are the words that didn't make it out of my mouth, but they will eventually. A/N: I know this was a short chapter but it was kind of a filler :| Hopefully once I have my other stories updated I will start posting new chapters :) Peace out my ninjas :) ~M ","Summary":" Author's Note- Please Read :) Hey Ninjas, it has been a while. I am going through and updating all "},{"Movie":"Up","Title":"I'll Be Back Soon","Author":"UPlover","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9010183","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Let's see if we can find that rose Mr. Fredricksen! We're not going back until we find it!\" Russell shouted as he ran through the woods. \"We've been searching for almost two hours Russell, everyone must be done with the scavenger hunt.\" Carl said so exhausted from walking all around the woods. He saw everybody running back to the camp almost half an house ago with all their things from the scavenger hunt. \"We have to find that rose and then we'll be done.\" Russell said with his book out trying to figure out what a rose looked like. \"Carl sighed rolling his eyes. \"Russell you do know what a rose looks like right?\" \"You never know they make look different.\" Carl smiled. He had fun finding the objects in the woods, it was a big exercise. He was so glad that he agreed to this. He hopes to take a nice long nap once they finally got home. Carl turned his head and saw a red rose across a muddy looking stream. \"Russell look, there's a rose!\" Russell hopped in joy. \"We found everything!\" \"You know we won't be in first place since we took the longest.\" \"Who cares, we had fun together didn't we?\" Carl walked over first to get it only to have his foot squelch into thick mud. \"Better leave this to me Russell, it's a bit muddy.\" Carl pulled his foot. It was stuck. His front foot was sinking into the mud a bit. The more he pulled each foot the more they both got stuck in the mud. \"Do you want help Mr. Fredricksen?\" Russell asked. \"No I'm fine. I can do it.\" Carl finally pulled his back leg free and set it down on more harder ground. Carl bent down to his front leg and began pulling it until it finally came free. He moved to the side of the muddy stream where the earth was hard. \"We could find a rose somewhere else Mr. Fredricksen, it looks too muddy.\" Russell said looking at the dark gooey mud that lied ahead of Carl. \"It'll be fine Russell, I'll just cross over it quickly and we'll head back to the camp.\" Carl wanted to try and make a big jump to the other side. If he made a fast jump he'd only have to step in the wet mud once. Carl leaped. Both his knees disappeared. \"Mr. Fredricksen!\" Russell shouted. \"Don't come near it Russell. I think I can get out.\" Carl told the boy as he struggled to turn around. It wasn't easy to turn around in the mud since it had his legs so tightly. When he could finally see Russell in front of him he felt something weird happen. He looked down seeing that his thighs were being taken into the mud. Carl leaned over and gripped the hard ground and tried to pull himself out. He was stuck tightly unable to move his legs. He stood himself back up only to sink down to his hips. \"Russell help me!\" Carl yelled nervously not knowing what was happening. \"Mr. Fredricksen, how would you describe this mud?\" Russell asked holding his wilderness explorer book in front of him. \"Uh, it feels like a loose patch of soft, liquidly earth that keeps pulling me under no matter how little of a move a make.\" Russell's face paled as he put his book down. \"Mr. Fredricksen you're in quicksand.\" Carl's heart began pounding as soon as he heard that word. This was the last thing he'd ever find himself in. \"Russell get me out of here.\" Carl said as calmly as he could. Russell read through his book again. \"You and I both aren't strong enough Mr. Fredricksen. We need to get the others to help you.\" Carl sighed knowing that was true. No matter how much he did not want to be left alone in this bog he needs to send Russell for help. \"Russell listen to me, I trust you to do this for me, run back and find the group and get them to help me.\" Russell looked frightened at Carl. \"Wh-What if...\" \"Don't think about that Russell. Please?\" Russell looked back off into the woods. How far were they into the woods? \"Okay. I'll be back soon. Don't struggle too much and just stay still. I won't be gone long.\" Carl watched him disappear. He'll be back and I'll be okay. Carl repeated that over and over in his head as he relaxed and shut his eyes so he couldn't watch himself sink. He spread his arms out across the mud making sure they wouldn't get stuck and took deep breaths.[Chapter 2] Russell ran all through the woods ducking under tree limbs and hopping over rocks. Was it really this far to get to the campsite? He should have just told Carl that it wasn't worth it and just have gone back to the camp and admit that they lost. Many people probably didn't find a rose. A rose was too hard to find in the woods. He looked over his shoulder. What was that rustling? Russell slammed into a tree and knocked himself out. Carl opened his eyes. He felt his arms touch the surface of the mud. He was at his chest. Russell will be back and I will be fine. The mud was pressing against his chest making it harder to breathe. He'd been here for such a long time it seemed. A slow rise of panic was rising but he forced it down not wanting to cause himself to panic. Panicking would get himself into trouble and he didn't want that to happen. Slowly he leaned forward just a bit to look down the path. Nothing. That one little move caused him to sink further. Carl swallowed his scream and tried to stop himself from shaking. The mud was so cold and was so scarred that it caused him to shake. He closed his eyes once more trying to calm himself after he watched his last button disappeared under the mud. \"Please hurry Russell.\" Carl whispered. He opened his eyes back up and turned his head to see a vine close to the bog of mud.[Chapter 3] \"Russell? Russell can you hear me?\" Russell opened his eyes to see his counselor and a couple of the wilderness explorers peering down at him. \"Are you alright? You must have hit your head.\" Russell shot up from the ground finally coming to and remembering where he was and what was going on. \"Mr. Fredricksen is trapped in quicksand! We have to help him!\" he shouted trying to stand up. \"Hold on Russell. Quicksand? Are you sure?\" his counselor asked. \"Yes! He was trying to get a rose but then he fell in quicksand! We have to help him! Come on!\" Russell got free and everyone followed him through the woods. How long was he out? Was Carl still alive? Carl reached for the vine and took hold of it pulling it towards him very slowly. The vine was attached to the tree pretty well. Russell must have gotten lost through the woods and he needed to try and help himself out of this mess. With all his might Carl pulled himself and felt himself slowly slipping out from the quicksand's grip. He was actually doing it! He was going to get out of this himself! Until the vine broke off the tree. Carl sank further to his chin. Carl looked around in a panic trying to keep his arms above the surface. He had to keep them up so he'd be able to grab something. He was too afraid to yell out and say something not knowing if the mud would take him anymore. The more he moved his feet to see if there was any bottom he was wrong each time and was going to sink to his death. Russell wasn't going to come back, he had to face it. This was his last few minutes on earth. He closed his eyes feeling more of his chin being taken into the quicksand's grip.[Chapter 4] \"Mr. Fredricksen!\" Russell shouted. \"Russell?!\" Carl finally spoke. He looked up seeing the scared faces of the wilderness explorers and their parents. He took a breath of relief knowing that Russell didn't get lost. \"Don't worry Mr. Fredricksen, everything will be fine.\" the camp counselor said to him as they got out the rope and tied it to a tree and into a knot. \"Catch this Mr. Fredricksen!\" Russell shouted. The rope splashed in front of Carl. Carl took the rope and slid the rope over his head only to taste the mud. He gripped the rope tightly. \"Pull!\" That was the last think he could say before the mud took him. He was suffocating not able to take his head out from the surface of the mud. He felt the pull of the rope pulling him to the land. Would it be too late? He felt as if he was suffocating just trying to hold his breath. Carl's vision grew dizzy and breathed in the mud and let it enter his mouth until he felt as if he couldn't breathe. The surface was hard again and he felt something bothering his throat. He coughed and gagged out the mud that entered his lungs and then laid on the grounded panting and shaking from the whole nightmare. Carl felt a hand on his back and was able to sit up and look at Russell who was smiling at him. Carl smiled back and hugged Russell covering him in the dirty mud. \"Thank you Russell.\" Russell wrapped his arms around the old man, ignoring the mud. \"You're welcome Mr. Fredricksen.\" ","Summary":" \"Let's see if we can find that rose Mr. Fredricksen! We're not going back until we find it!\" Russ"},{"Movie":"(500) Days of Summer","Title":"(500) días con él Camila Cabello & Michael Clifford (Camichael)","Author":"littlemoonshine","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10341025","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Esta es la historia de una muchacha, que conoce un muchacho. La muchacha, Camila Cabello , de sólo diecisiete años, creció creyendo que jamás amaría al no encontrar la persona correcta. Y claro, siempre dudaba que encontraría a alguien correcto en una pequeña cafetería de Miami. El muchacho de dieciocho años, Michael Clifford , creció creyendo lo contrario. Luego de separarse sus padres, se mudó a Miami, y es ahí cuando, en el aeropuerto, conoció su único amor: La hermosa combinación de una melodía con una letra que se podía hacer sólo con una guitarra y voz. Camila conoció a Michael un Diecisiete de Abril, y desde ese entonces logró entender que podía estar equivocada. Esta es la historia de una muchacha que conoce un muchacho, pero no supongan nada, esta no es una historia de amor\". [AU Camichael. Camila y Michael no tienen nada que ver con esto y pues, por esa razón esto se llama fanfiction . Puedo no aferrarme a las características reales de los muchachos, por lo que, sí, Camila puede tener o no una colección de bowties. O que Ashton y Michael no sea tan cutiepies. Peace out .][Chapter 2] 05:00 am, ya era hora de iniciar oficialmente su día. El despertador la estaba desesperando, pero no lograba moverse por pereza. Tomó el maldito teléfono, tratando de adivinar el patrón de desbloqueo, como cada mañana. Al lograrlo en su quinto intento, desactivó la alarma y miró la pequeña burbuja de notificaciones: Tres mensajes no leídos. Se levantó de la cama, no sin antes bostezar y pensó quién debía ser mientras frotaba sus ojos. \" Lauren \" susurró divertida, y como siempre, tenía razón. Lolo: [TÚ, YO, MAÑANA, FIESTA.] [DETALLES COMO FECHA Y LUGAR HOY.] [Pd: Buenos días. xo] Camila arqueó una ceja, realmente odiaba cuando le escribía así. Pero finalmente, debía aceptarlo. La amistad era más fuerte que unas mayúsculas mal usadas, ¿no?. Camz: [Ok.] [Eres extraña.] [Buenos días para ti también :D] Dejó su teléfono en la mesa de noche y, sin dudarlo dos veces, continuó su camino hasta el baño. Como todo lunes, sería un largo día. Luego de haber dormitado en la misma ducha y cuando secaba su cuerpo, quiso despertarse a la fuerza. Acomodó su cabello en una trenza y buscó un atuendo típico en ella: blusa, jeans, zapatillas. Y sí, muchas veces se odiaba por ser una típica adolescente, pero debía vivir con ello. Reunió sus llaves, dinero y su teléfono y las colocó con torpeza en su bolso, para finalmente irse. Si ella debía ser honesta, estaba cansada de la rutina, pero no tenía otra opción. Bajó con cuidado los escalones y no dudó en sonreír al ver a su madre al pie de la escalera. — Buenos días, Camilita . — Sintió un beso en la mejilla y no pudo evitar soltar una risa al escuchar el apodo que, a pesar de los años, aún le mantenía. — Deberías dormir un rato más, mami. — La muchacha la miraba con cariño, y su madre, sabía que tenía razón. Se despidió dándole un abrazo, tal como era cada día. Cerró la puerta de la casa y caminó hasta la vereda, esperando a que apareciera el auto que tanto soñaba tener algún día. Cinco minutos más tarde, lograba escuchar la melodía de Video Game s, que significaba una cosa: su mejor amiga no se había quedado dormida. Una vez el auto se detuvo frente a ella, abrió la puerta de copiloto y le sonrió a su amiga, la cual estaba extrañada por tanta felicidad que demostraba. — Quiero que expliques tu mensaje, Jauregui. — Dijo como si fuera obvia la razón de su felicidad, al ver que la otra ni pensaba en eso. La muchacha de ojos verdes puso su boca en forma de \"o\" y le sonrió de vuelta. — Ashton me invitó. Es extraño porque él siempre organiza y es de un grado mayor y sabe que me gusta y... — Camila rodó sus ojos al ver que nada cambiaba en su amiga. — Lo siento. El punto es... quería que me ayudaras a sobrevivir en el caos. — Soltó un suspiro y ella sabía que debía aceptar. Jamás una fiesta pequeña ha hecho grave efecto en nadie, ¿no?. — Si me ayudas en el trabajo, cuenta conmigo. — Le guiñó para luego mostrar una cálida sonrisa. — Además me ayudarás a escoger algo lindo de mi ropero. — Se sorprendió al ver como Lauren empezaba a conducir y asentía mientras cantaba BlueJeans . Eso era un sí en lenguaje Lauren. «Un punto a favor para mí.» Pensó, alegre. Terminada su última clase, se veía enfrentada, como cada día, a su pesadilla máxima. Odiaba pasar por los pasillos llenos. Se aferró a su bolso y a sus libros, y bajó su mirada para enfocarse en el suelo. Sólo veía cerámica, cerámica, libros, cerámica... pies, que se detuvieron frente a ella. « Genial, Camz.» se dijo a sus adentros. — Hey, olvidaste esto. — Una voz amigable hizo que la ahora, no tan intimidada chica, levantara la vista del suelo. Abrió sus ojos al darse cuenta quién era. Ashton Irwin, el sueño de algunas, la pesadilla de otras. Tímidamente, le sonrió y aceptó el cuaderno que el otro tenía en mano. — ¿Cómo sabes quién soy?, puedo ser o no ser Camila... — Quería agregar algo más, pero recordó a Lauren. Negó con la cabeza y miró a Ashton. — Pero sí, soy esa... y... ya debo irme. Gracias por no romper mis apuntes como otros. — Se encogió de hombros y siguió su camino hasta la salida de la escuela. Cafetería, cafetería. Sí, amaba entrar y sentir el olor a café con sólo respirar. Era su lugar favorito, a pesar de trabajar cada día del año ahí. Buscó a la chica con la mirada y ahí estaba, esperando empezar su turno, con, obviamente, su teléfono en la mano. Negó mientras se acercaba a ella. ¿Cuándo dejarían de ser ambas unas adolescentes idiotas?. — Él me pasó un cuaderno y siento que fui una cretina y si hablas con éldile que me perdone y... — — Basta, Camz. — Contestó sin despegar la vista de la pantalla — Dijo que eras adorable como un animalito y que tengo una buena elección de amigas. — Le sonrió como enamorada al teléfono y luego miró a Camila. — Vendrá con sus amigos, hoy. Sé que son lindos. — Se encogió de hombros, conociendo la respuesta de la menor. — ¿Como un animalito?, vaya, que lindo. — Le sacó la lengua y rió. — No eres buena, Camz. – La miró fijamente, queriendo contestar algo más, hasta que escuchó la campanilla sonar: Cambio de turno. 6:00pm, y aún ambas chicas seguían en su turno. Cada vez que se encontraban libres, hablaban de la escuela o de su nuevo puntaje de Flappy Bird. Se dejó escuchar la dulce campanilla de la entrada y Lauren acudió a saludar con ánimo, y a la vez, orgullo. ¿Orgullo de qué?, de estar enamorada, claro está. — Ash, chicos, ¿qué desean?. — Dijo Lauren, a la vez que jugueteaba con un mechón. El chico le encantaba, y eso la tenía de esa manera. La otra muchacha disfrutaba la escena de lejos, aguantando una risa. Al ver que ella seguía conversando y no pidiendo órdenes, Camila se acercó a ella y le susurró al oído, haciendo que saliera corriendo a la parte trasera de la cocina. Los chicos miraban atentos a lo sucedido. — ¿Qué desean tomar o comer? — Dijo finalmente la castaña, sonriendo tímida. Uno de los chicos dejó escapar un suspiro y otro rió. Era normal reírse sin haber entendido, claro. Ella también se reiría, si no hubiera ganado más trabajo. — ¿Qué pasó ahí? — Preguntó uno de los chicos. Lo había visto antes, en sus clases de Física. Era bastante lindo... Calum Hood , eso era. — Le dije que podía salir antes, y que yo haría las ventas que a ella le faltaran — Se mordió el labio mientras hablaba. Sí, era un problema para ella. — ¿Cuántas ventas son? — Preguntó otro, que, claro conocía. Luke Hemmings . Compartía todas sus clases con él, puesto que siempre calzaban en las mismas. Y al compartir algunas, ya se conocían. Y ella agradecía eso, puesto que si no, huiría de los cuatro. — Doce. Me quedaban sólo cinco... pero bueno, ya saben. — Murmuró divertida mientras veía a Lauren caminando nerviosa. — Podemos comprar muchas cosas, ¿no?, mañana será un genial día y quiero comer bien hoy. — Ashton se cruzaba de brazos esperando la respuesta de sus compañeros de banda, terminando en una risa masiva. La chica con ojos verdes se acomodó a un lado del chico de sus sueños, lo cuál resultaba bastante tierno para Camila. Suspiró y les sonrió, anotando cada orden, excepto por la de uno de los chicos. Jamás lo había visto, y estaba muy metido en su teléfono para interrumpirlo. Al volver con toda la comida, se las entregó a cada uno y les agradeció, puesto que habían comprado todas las órdenes faltantes. — ¡Cal!, ¡basta!. — Chilló Camila mientras era levantada por él. Iban a mitad de la calle, sin miedo alguno. Lauren iba conversando con Ashton, Luke y Calum jugaban con Camila y... bueno, el otro muchacho actuaba como si no le interesara su alrededor. — ¡Bájenme!, ¡ya!. — Se aferró al cuello de Luke mientras Calum sólo reía. — ¡Debí haber caminado sola!. — — Camila es muy pequeña. — Canturreaban divertidos mientras ella deseaba que la soltaran. Estaba en los brazos de ambos, y ya comenzaba a sentirse mareada. — Ustedes son muy grandes. Y viejos. — Trató de defenderse, causando más risas. — Tengo tu misma edad, Camz. — Dijo el rubio antes de dejarla firme en el suelo. — Y soy mejor que tú, claro. — Apretó las mejillas de la, para él, pequeña y sonrió. Lauren y los demás sólo reían al ver la situación. Eran las 22:00 y aún seguían en la calle. Vecinos salían a mirar por el escándalo que hacían, y pues, si alguien se estuviera riendo en la calle a esa hora, pensarían en algunos adolescentes borrachos. Y ellos sólo estaban borrachos de juventud, de diversión. — Los odio. — Camila se cruzó de brazos, dándole una pequeña mirada al chico misterioso. ¿Por qué...? — ¡Te tengo!. — Gritó Calum mientras la rodeaba por la cintura para levantarla. La chica, soltó un grito de espanto y lo terminó con una risa. — Eso es todo. Has iniciado una guerra. — Frunció el ceño antes de seguir con el juego que jamás terminaría. — Muchas gracias, chicos. — Murmuró Lauren en nombre de ambas chicas. — Son muy divertidos. — Claramente, ella ignoró la diversión que tuvo su amiga, pero, ambas estaban felices. La otra muchacha soltó un bostezo y escuchó las risas de los muchachos mientras se alejaban. — Son extraños. — Le susurró Camila una vez adentro de la casa de su amiga. — En especial ese chico que no hablaba. — Se cruzó de brazos, caminando hasta el sofá y acostándose en él. — ¿Lau?. — — ¿Mhm?. — — Ugh. El amor es extraño. — Susurró esperando que la otra no la escuchara. Luego de unos segundos, cayó en los brazos de Morfeo.[Chapter 3] 1:16pm y ya era oficial, lo odiaba. Era increíble pensar como en la fiesta de nueve días atrás había logrado conseguir tener una conversación estable con él. Claro, el alcohol la había ayudado. En ese momento, tenía una lista mental de las cosas que odiaba de él. Odiaba, por ejemplo, como podía tomar cervezas sin marearse, como vestía, y como cepillaba su cabello diferente cada día. Odiaba sus ojos sin brillo alguno, y en resumen, todo su ser. Era lo que alguna vez quiso repeler de su vida, y aún sin conocerlo bien, sabía que no era bueno interesarse en él para tratar de llevar una conversación, y quizá, una amistad. \"¡ Camila !, no debes pensar así .\" Se susurró a si misma mientras miraba el cielo, completamente despreocupada. Sintió que alguien se sentaba a su lado, pero ignoró el hecho. — Hey — El chico frunció sus labios mientras la miraba con atención. La mente de Camila estaba llena de la preguntas, como \"¿Qué debería hacer?\" . Quizás quedarse quieta y así él se iría. Sí, eso haría. — Escucha, no hagas perder mi tiempo. — Michael rodó sus ojos al ver que ella no prestaba atención y tomó su mano. — Eres chillon a y debes admitirlo. Sí , puede que no me agrades , pero Ashton me matará si ve que regreso a la cafetería sin ti. Podemos hacerlo por las buenas o las malas, tú decide. — Camila sólo se encogió de hombros y sintió como el otro la miraba confuso. Ella podía ser un caso perdido, pero él no podía considerarse un chico con encant o, o estaría mintiéndose. — Bien, camina. No perderé mi comida y menos recibiré un golpe — Comenzó a caminar, sin soltarla. Una vez que Camila tomó el ritmo de Michael, intentó soltar su mano, no lográndolo. — ¿Puedes soltarme ?, no te agrado, lo has dicho. Puedo caminar sola. Fin del tema. — Murmuró, deteniéndose a mitad del pequeño jardín trasero de la escuela. — Es cierto, pero no me ar riesgaré . — Michael le sonrió forzadamente. — Hazlo por Lauren y por Ashton . Admito que ella tampoco me agradaba, pero h ace feliz a Ash . — Soltó un suspiro y la miró de reojo. — Tú... eres muy brillante, como un sol. Eso me irrita. — Acomodó la bowtie de Camila y se encogió de hombros. — Podría seguir todo el día diciendo cosas que no me agradan, y no llegaríamos a nada, ¿no es cierto? — Ella lo miró con discreción y comenzó a caminar al sentido contrario, volviendo al lugar donde estaban antes. Se sentó en el pasto y obligó a Michael a hacer lo mismo. — Comienza a hablar, tengo todo el día. — Le sonrió dulcemente antes de sacar su teléfono. — ¿Qué?... — Soltó un bufido, irritado por la actitud que ella tomó a último minuto. — Quiero saber. Lo que... no te agrada, claro. Y luego yo te diré qué es no me agrada de ti. Tienes 30 minutos , ya. — Dijo sin despegar la mirada del mensaje que escribía y soltó un suspiro — Si lo haces, te compraré algo para comer. Es un buen trato, ¿no? — — ¿A quién le escribes? — Levantó una ceja y miró a su alrededor — Hagamos esto rápido . Los chicos me matarán . — Camila sonrió ampliamente y le mostró la conversación que tenía abierta en el momento: Luke Hemmings. El chico — que ahora llevaba su cabello de color castaño — no tendría más excusas para huir, pese a haber aceptado. — Que empiece el juego, Clifford . —[Chapter 4] p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"Era obvio que ella no aguantaría otro minuto escuchando los emextraños /emsonidos que llegaban desde la habitación de Lauren./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"Cada miércoles, ambas chicas aprovechaban de quedarse a dormir al hogar de la otra. Y esa vez era turno de su mejor amiga. Y mentalmente se golpeaba por haber aceptado que invitara a Ashton./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"Suspiró resignada y buscó en su bolso su teléfono: no se quedaría a dormir en un sofá, sola, y sin mantas. Comenzó a buscar el número de Luke —emel cual, se sabía de memoria, pero el sueño le ganaba para /ememescrbirlo/em— y marcó. emUno, dos, tres, cuatro pitidos.../em/p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"—strongemHeeey /em/strongstrongemCams/em/strongstrongem./em/strong— Escuchó la dulce voz, que a la vez, contenía cierta felicidad. —emstrongNo quiero sonar rudo pero... creo que sabes que debería estar durmiendo.../strong/em— Se lograba escuchar una risa familiar de fondo, junto un \"emidiota/em\". Sólo podía ser Calum./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"—strong¡No deberías mentir!/strong — Soltó en un susurro, sonriente. —strongSólo quería confirmar mi sospecha... noche de chicos, ¿/strongstronguh/strongstrong?/strong— Levantó una ceja, deseando que alguien se riera con ella. —strongDebo decirles algo... pero es prohibido. Mañana sabrán. ¡Los quiero!/strong — Colgó de inmediato, evitando las preguntas y amenazas obvias de ambos chicos./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"Sin darse cuenta de sus acciones, procedió a revisar sus mensajes, antes de enviar uno a los amigos que em—realmente— /emdeseaba que contestaran./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"strongto/strongstrong: /strongstrongAlly/strongstrong, /strongstrongDJ/strongstrong, /strongstrongMoni/strongstrong, M.C, /strongstrongTroy/strongstrongand/strongstrong 3 more./strongbr /strongfont face=\"Nimbus Mono L, monospace\"span lang=\"zh-CN\"《/span/font¿Alguno tiene/strongstrong planes para hoy? -Cfont face=\"Nimbus Mono L, monospace\"span lang=\"zh-CN\"》/span/font/strong/p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"Dejó el teléfono en su bolsillo y se acercó a la emmemopad/em que estaba pegado en el refrigerador para dejar claro que saldría. Unos cuantos minutos habían pasado, y ya le habían respondido./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"strong[M.C]:/strongbr /strongfont face=\"Nimbus Mono L, monospace\"span lang=\"zh-CN\"《/span/font¿Por qué tengo tu número?... como sea. Pensé que /strongstrongAsh/strongstrong diría que estaba enfermo... /strongemstrongsucks/strong/ememstrong./strong/emstrongfont face=\"Nimbus Mono L, monospace\"span lang=\"zh-CN\"》/span/font/strong/p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"Se mordió el labio, nerviosa. ¿Por qué él debía ser así?./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"strong[/strongstrongCamz/strongstrong]:/strongbr /strongfont face=\"Nimbus Mono L, monospace\"span lang=\"zh-CN\"《/span/fontNo quiero pelear, /strongstrongMichael/strongstrong. Necesito un face=\"Nimbus Mono L, monospace\"span lang=\"zh-CN\"》/span/font/strongbr /strongfont face=\"Nimbus Mono L, monospace\"span lang=\"zh-CN\"《/span/font¿Puedo acompañarte?... no quiero estar aquí.font face=\"Nimbus Mono L, monospace\"span lang=\"zh-CN\"》/span/font/strong/p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"Los minutos pasaban, y aún no obtenía una respuesta, emgenial/em. La pantalla se iluminó y no logró esconder una sonrisa./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"strong[M.C]:/strongbr /strongfont face=\"Nimbus Mono L, monospace\"span lang=\"zh-CN\"《 face=\"Nimbus Mono L, monospace\"span lang=\"zh-CN\"》/span/font/strongbr /strongfont face=\"Nimbus Mono L, monospace\"span lang=\"zh-CN\"《/span/fontLlega hasta la playa y camina hasta los apartamentos. Busca el /strongstrongSunny /strongstrongBay/strongstrong, y luego sube al piso 10, número 250. Rá face=\"Nimbus Mono L, monospace\"span lang=\"zh-CN\"》/span/font/strongbr /strongfont face=\"Nimbus Mono L, monospace\"span lang=\"zh-CN\"《/span/fontOh, ten cuidado al face=\"Nimbus Mono L, monospace\"span lang=\"zh-CN\"》/span/font/strong/p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"strong— — — — — — — — — — — — — — —/strong/p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"br /Camila se detuvo frente a la puerta y tomó un breve respiro para golpear la puerta con suavidad. Al minuto, abrió el muchacho. Camila no pudo evitar mirar lo adorable que se veía con el cabello despeinado y ropa cómoda./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"—strongDisculpa por.../strong— Sintió como la tomaba de la muñeca y la hacía pasar con cuidado, cerrando la puerta detrás de ellos./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"—strongNo te /strongstrongdisculpes/strongstrong por molestar, si te /strongstrongreferías/strongstrong a eso. Y no, no puedes burlarte de mí/strong— Murmuró tranquilo, antes de soltarla y observarla sin problema alguno. —strong¿No tienes frío?/strong— Frunció el ceño, esperando la respuesta de ella./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"Negó rápidamente y le sonrió —strongNo te preocupes, /strongstrongMichael/strongstrong. Estoy bien./strong—/p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"—strongEres mi invitada, debo /strongstrongatenderte/strongstrong bien/strong— La expresión en el rostro y la entonación de Michael confundió a Camila. No era la de siempre. —strongVen/strong— Le extendió la mano y la llevó por el pasillo — strongAún no comprendo porqué /strongstrongcaminaste/strongstrong cinco cuadras en un pijama así/strong— Entró en una de las últimas habitaciones y la hizo pasar. Estaba en la habitación de su enemigo. Vio como él caminaba a una repisa y buscaba algo en ésta. Al verlo con variada ropa en sus brazos, se encontró sorprendida./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"—strongYo... no.../strong— Michael rodó sus ojos al escucharla y se sentó en su cama. Ella lo imitó con torpeza./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"—strongDebes usarla, /strongstrongCamila/strongstrong. Al menos hoy. No desearías tener un resfriado, ¿cierto?/strong— Le dedicó una sonrisa y le pasó una remera, un sweater y un abrigo./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"em\"Esto no está pasando\"/em se repetía en su cabeza. ¿Había juzgado mal a Michael?. Lo observó por unos minutos, volviendo a fijarse en cada aspecto de él. Algo era /Ya no odiaba su cabello. Ni tampoco su estilo. Esos ojos sin brillo se habían convertido en un lindo laberinto, y realmente le agradaba que éste tuviera sus orejas /¿Estaba equivocada?, quizás eso él había querido desde un principio. Hacer que ella piense que es alguien que verdaderamente no es./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"—strongGracias./strong— Susurró mientras tomaba todo el vestuario y seguía las instrucciones para llegar a la habitación de invitados./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"strong— — — — — — — — — — — — — — —/strong/p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"Se miró una vez antes de salir de la habitación. Había ordenado su cabello en una trenza y su rostro estaba limpio, sin maquillaje alguno. Estaba completamente avergonzada. Aunque sabía que el otro no le prestaría atención. Dejó el abrigo sobre la cama y se deslizó con sus calcetas hasta la puerta./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"Vio a Michael sentado en la cocina, luchando con el humo de la sopa. Sonrió al ver otro plato y sintió como la miraba, esperando un comentario negativo, pero no. Se sentó a su lado y tomó la cuchara./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"—strong¿Qué pasó entre /strongstrongLauren/strongstrong y el bufón?/strong— Él rompió el silencio, junto una risa pequeña. —strongVieron la nota que dejaste y ella estaba muy preocupada. /strongstrongAshton/strongstrong llamó con desconfianza, y se sorprendió que hayas estado aquí./strong— Se encogió de hombros, tomando un sorbo de la sopa./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"Ella soltó una pequeña risa y negó —strongEs muy horrible para ser contado, y no estoy exagerando esta vez./strong— Sonrió al ver como el otro abría los ojos y continuaba comiendo./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"El silencio que se encontraba en el aire continuaba siendo sofocante para Camila, la cual, aprendía cosas nuevas del otro a medida que pasaban los minutos./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"Volvió a mirarlo y se acercó para tocar su frente —strongHey/strongstrong... deberías estar en cama. Dudo que quieras /strongstrongenfermarte/strongstrong más, ¿cierto?/strong—/p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"—strongMhm/strongstrong, estoy bien./strong— Se alejó de ella y se levantó de la mesa, dejando a Camila sola en la cocina./p[Chapter 5] p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"En ese momento,Camila sentía fuera de si misma. No comprendía cómo podía haber sido engañada tan fácil, o peor, haberse dejado llevar por la nueva actitud que Michael le dio a conocer esa noche. Cada vez que pensaba entenderlo, éste mostraba otra careta de él, y ella perdía su mente. Como siempre lo hacía al verlo directamente a sus ojos./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"Revisó el reloj: Ya eran las 1:30 am, y tendría que ir a la escuela dentro de siete horas. Dejó escapar un suspiro y salió de la cocina una vez que ya había terminado de lavar lo suyo, encontrándose al chico recostado en el sofá. Dudosa, se acercó a él tratando de no emitir ruido alguno, por si él estaba dormido./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"-strong¿/strongstrongMichael/strongstrong?/strong- Susurró dando pequeños toques en su hombro./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"-strongVe a dormir, /strongstrongCamila/strong- Frunció el ceño, aún sin abrir sus ojos./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"-strong¿No /strongstrongdeberías/strongstrong dormir en una cama?/strong- Levantó una ceja, sentándose en la alfombra./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"-strongMhm/strongstrong, tal vez. Aún debo esperar a que llegue mi madre, y avisarle que dejé que una /strongstrongemextraña/em/strongstrong durmiera /strongstrongaqu/strongstrongí./strong- Respondió con calma, escondiendo una pequeña sonrisa./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"-strongPodrías dejar una nota e ir a dormir. Estás /strongstrongagripado/strongstrong y mañana /strongstrongdeberás/strongstrong ir a clases/strong- Tocó nuevamente la frente del chico y lo miró preocupada. -strongNo seas idiota, /strongstrongClifford/strongstrong./strong-/p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"Michael dejó salir un suspiro fingido y se sentó en el sofá, intentando parecer tranquilo./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"-strong No iré. /strongstrongVete a dormir/strongstrong./strong- Rodó sus ojos al ver que negaba./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"-strongMe cansé. /strongstrongQuiero ser tu amiga. ¿Es tan difícil que lo entiendas?/strong- Se sentó a su lado y lo miró confusa./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"Le frunció el ceño y con tranquilidad, asintió./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"-strongPodría hacer un esfuerzo para soportar tus chillidos por hoy./strong- Acarició el rostro de Camila, y ella, sonrió satisfecha./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"-/p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"-strongNo lo entenderías./strongstrong Es /strongemstrongmuy/strong/emstrong difícil, Michael. Es como querer pedir pizza a las 2am. ¿Entiendes al menos mi punto?/strong- Murmuró Camila, tratando de no reír./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"Había logrado que Michael aceptara charlar con ella em-donde no la dejara hablando sola o se enfadara -/em y todo iba excelente. Aún no aparecía la madre del muchacho, por lo que ambos estaban sentados en el sofá, con mantas y comida./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"-strongNo se te olvide que soy mayor que tú, /strongemstrongCamz./strong/em strongYa he pasado por eso. Lo de querer a alguien y la pizza, claro. Vamos, sé que te gusta./strong- Pellizcó la mejilla de ella y sonrió -strongO un /strongemstrongcrush/strong/emstrong, quizás./strong- levantó sus cejas, provocando otra risa./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"-strongE/strongstrongs lindo. Pero.../strong- Sus mejillas habían tomado un color carmesí y de inmediato negó. -strongNo puedo, no./strong-/p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"Por otro lado, Michael no lograba quitarle la mirada. No era la primera vez que se daba cuenta de la ternura de ella, y era lo que detestaba. Ashton era el principal culpable, pues le obligaba a hablarle, y siempre terminaba riéndose junto a Camila./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"-strongSé/strongstrong honesta. No le diré a /strongemstrongLuke/strong/emstrong, si eso temes. Te diré un secreto, ¿bien?/strong- Frunció sus labios y continuó -strong Me gusta /strongemstrongAlly/strong/emstrong. Y sí, tiene novio, Troy./strongstrong Es genial./strong- Él no mentía del todo, puesto que fue su primera novia al llegar a Miami. Y claro, ella terminó siendo lo contrario que él ve en una chica./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"Camila había fruncido el ceño. -strong¿Cómo la conoces?, ella jamás fue a nuestra escuela./strong-/p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"-strongCalum es su mejor amigo. He salido varias veces con los dos./strong-/p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"-strongWow. ¿Has hablado con ella acerca de...?/strong- Michael hizo una seña para que se callara y ella sólo asintió./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"-strongNo cambies el tema. Luego te lo explicaré. ¿Él te gusta?/strong-/p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"-strong¿Podré irme a dormir si te contesto?/strong- Soltó un leve suspiro y lo miró a los ojos./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"Michael asintió como un pequeño. -strong Si así lo deseas./strong-/p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"-strongSí. /strongemstrongCreo/strong/emstrong que me gusta./strong- Susurró, ocultando su rostro con un cojín. -strongSuena/strong strongextraño decir que el chico que era mi pareja forzada en todas mis clases me guste, pero... él es asombroso en todo sentido./strong- Sonrió mientras cerraba sus ojos. -strongMe gusta Luke Hemmings... y se siente fantástico./strong-/p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"El castaño asintió con una sonrisa y se levantó del sofá.br /-strongV/strongstronge a dormir ya. Eres libre./strong-/p[Chapter 6] p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"\"strong¡Bienvenidos!/strong\" Se le escuchó decir a Normani en la entrada de su hogar. Ella siempre era la encargada de organizar la fiesta de los alumnos de grados mayores, junto al comité./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"Le resultaba divertido a Camila asistir por segunda vez a esas fiestas, pues jamás le había interesado ir, o al menos ella decía eso cuando no recibía una invitación./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"Cuando ambas caminaron hasta el jardín, se sentía la alegría de todos. A muchos les quedaba un año para acabar la escuela, por lo que estaban decididos a festejar. Lauren, su acompañante, le apretó la mano en forma de nervios. Era de esperarse que Ashton estuviera mirándola mientras hablaba con unos muchachos./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"—strongCamz/strongstrong, escucha/strong— le susurró al oído —strong¿Estarás bien si te dejo sola por un rato?/strong—/p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"Ella asintió forzadamente. Odiaba quedarse sola en un ambiente en donde abundaba el alcohol y chicos, pero supuso que se iría luego de un rato, tal como había planeado. Observó el lugar en búsqueda de alguien conocido, pero Normani debía seguir en la entrada y las otras dos muchachas con las que había formado un lazo de amistad estaban acompañadas de sus novios./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"Suspiró pesadamente y caminó hasta la mesa donde se encontraba los jugos y otras bebidas, ya se había acabado el alcohol y aún no llegaban los encargados de la segunda ronda. Tomó un vaso y se sirvió algo de jugo. No comprendía el sabor, pero era agradable. Camila se encontró mirando nuevamente su alrededor y vio como alguien se acercaba a su lado, seguramente para tomar algo./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"—strongNo sabía que eras de fiestas, /strongstrongCam/strongstrongz/strongstrong./strong— miró a su lado, encontrándose a Luke. Ella abrió sus ojos, un poco avergonzada./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"—strongVine por /strongstrongLauren/strongstrong, odio las fiestas./strong— volvió a mirar a los demás, intentando restarle importancia. —strongYa sabes, el alcohol y esas cosas/strong— frunció su nariz y lo miró de reojo./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"Todo iba funcionando como lo había planeado con Michael, o eso creía. Ella sólo debía asistir, y sonar madura./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"—strongEntiendo/strong— el rubio sonrió mientras la veía. Se mantuvo por unos minutos en un silencio incómodo, hasta que volvió a hablar —strong¿Vas a quedarte aquí toda la noche, /strongstrongCamila/strongstrong?, /strongstrongCal/strongstrong desea irse, y no me gustaría dejarte aquí/strong— se encogió de hombros, sin quitarle la mirada./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"Ella lo pensó por unos segundos, pero negó rápidamente —strongRealmente, quisiera/strong— lo miró a los ojos, sintiendo como la atracción la volvía torpe —strongP-Pero le /strongstrongprometí/strongstrong a /strongstrongemLolo/em/strongstrong quedarme./strong— se mordió la lengua por saber que mentía, pero de alguna manera era cierto, no deseaba dejar a su mejor amiga sola./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"Luke asintió, entendiendo el motivo. Se despidió de ella con un abrazo y volvió a repetirle la oferta, por si terminaba sola nuevamente./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\" /p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"De un momento a otro, sintió como deseaba golpearse a si misma. ¿Realmente había rechazado su opción de pasar un rato con el chico que le gustaba? ¿Qué esperaba ella que pasara? nada, realmente. Buscó a Lauren con la mirada, observando su teléfono de vez en cuando./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"Finalmente, se rindió. No la encontraría, y lo más lógico era de que ya hubiera abandonado la casa, con su novio. Tomó uno de los vasos ya servidos que se encontraban en la mesa, sin realmente importarle lo que tuviera dentro. Y tomó otro más, al haber acabado el primero./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"—strong¿Camila?/strong— dijo una voz de forma burlesca, que cada vez sentía más cerca de ella. —strongPensé que no vendrías, ya sabes, em\"yo no soy de esto\"/em/strong— sintió como la imitaban con una voz chillona y ella sólo acudió a fruncir el ceño./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"—strongVete, Michael/strong— bajó la mirada, deseando que él no la mirara. En ese momento, no se entendía a si misma, y al parecer, él tampoco comprendía cómo había evitado no seguir burlándose de ella./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"—strongVen, vamos/strong— rodó sus ojos y la tomó de la mano con delicadeza, tirándola levemente hacia él —strongTe llevaré a tu casa, estos chicos son peligrosos con las pequeñas como tú/strong— le susurró al oído, y obligándola a caminar una vez que ésta asintió sin decir una palabra./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"strong— — — — — — — — — — — — — — —/strong/p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"—strongCuéntame de nuevo esa historia/strong— dijo Michael sonriéndole al camino. Él realmente no había tomado nada, por lo que no tenía ningún problema en llevarla a su hogar —strongEsa, del gatito, Camzi/strong— habló rápidamente, antes de que ella volviera a dudar y comenzara con otra que no tuviera sentido alguno./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"—strong¿Mi gatito?/strong— ella pestañeó confundida. Para ser primera vez que tomaba al menos un vaso de alcohol, no se encontraba tan mal. /p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"—strongOlvídalo, ¿sí?/strong— negó riendo, para luego encender el equipo de música. Para sorpresa suya, comenzó a sonar una canción que conocía de memoria, y lógicamente, ella también./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"emAnd, oh, I've known it for the longest time a/ememnd all of my hopes/embr /emAll of my words a/ememre all over written on the signs/embr /emWhen you're on my road, w/ememalking me home, home, home, home, home/em/p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"—strong¡Yo la conozco! ¡Yo!/strong— Camila dio un pequeño salto en su asiento, emocionada. Él la miró por unos segundos y sonrió levemente—emstrongSee the flames inside my eyes, it burns so bright I wanna feel your love, no/strong/em— cantó, sin tener duda de cada palabra. Él la escuchaba con atención, sin quitarle la vista a la vía. Al sentir como ella le ponía la mirada encima, supo lo que debía hacer./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"—emstrongEasy baby maybe I'm a liar, but for tonight I wanna fall in love/strong/em— continuó él, sin esperar que ella realmente le hiciera caso. Aquellas letras tenían algún sentido en su cabeza, pues jamás las había olvidado. —emstrongAnd put your faith in my stomach.../strong/em—/p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"—emstrongI messed up this time/strong/em— volvió a cantar ella, agregando una pausa que no existía en la canción de la radio. emstrong /strong/em—emstrongL/strongstrongate last night/strong/em—emstrong /strong/emMichael entendió: ella le dio su propia interpretación.—emstrongDrinking to suppress devotion, with fingers intertwined.../strong/em— susurró ahora, deteniéndose para mirar por la ventana./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"Él asintió para si mismo, entendiendo qué era lo que pasaba./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"strong— — — — — — — — — — — — — — —/strong/p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"—strongCreo que debería dejarte en la entrada ¿o no?/strong— murmuró Michael, rascándose la nuca. Ya habían llegado frente a la casa de los Cabellos, pero ella lo ignoraba, acomodándose en la silla para dormir. Él soltó un suspiro y se estacionó en el espacio vacío que quedaba frente al garage. Apagó el auto y se bajó del puesto de copiloto, para ir a tomar a la chica en sus brazos. Ella rodeó el cuello de él con sus brazos, haciendo que éste se sorprendiera y la mirara extrañado. Cerró la puerta del auto con su pierna y caminó hasta la puerta del hogar. /p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"La soltó con cuidado, haciendo que se mantuviera de pie sola y comenzó a examinarla: ¿dónde podría llevar sus llaves?. /p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"—strongCamz.../strong— susurró esperando que lo escuchara, pero nada. Rodó sus ojos y con cuidado comenzó a buscar en los bolsillo del pantalón de ella. emNada/em. Se mordió el labio y observó su alrededor, hasta darse cuenta de que el tapete de la entrada era distinto a los demás que conocía. Se arrodilló en el suelo y comenzó a buscarla en la especie de piso con cierre. /p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"Una vez encontrada, sonrió satisfecho y abrió la puerta con la primera llave. Entró con cuidado, tomándola de la mano y cerrando la puerta detrás de ellos. Supuso que la cocina era la primera puerta, abriéndola y sentando a Camila en uno de los taburetes. Él buscó un vaso y lo llenó de agua, buscando además, un paracetamol. Al tener todo listo, se lo entregó a la chica, tomándoselo de inmediato./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"—strongMike.../strong— murmuraba ella, sin realmente sentirse lo suficientemente conciente./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"—strong¿Dime?/strong— contestó de inmediato, mirándola con atención bajo la luz cálida de esa habitación./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"Ella permaneció en silencio durante unos minutos, como si dudara de lo que iba a decir. Abrió sus labios, pero ninguna palabra salía. —strongQuédate/strong— dejó salir finalmente en un murmullo. /p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"Michael se quedó paralizado al escuchar aquello salir de los labios de ella. Dudó durante un minuto, si aquello era un sueño, o una pesadilla, pero no. Todo era real. Como era de costumbre, suspiró y la miró a los ojos./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"—strongVamos, te iré a dejar a tu cama/strong— salió de la cocina, llegando hasta las escaleras. Ella lo siguió tambaleando, dando como resultado que él la llevara en brazos, dándole las indicaciones para llegar a su habitación./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"Deseó soltar una risa al ver como la habitación estaba pintada de un color celeste pastel, decorada de osos de felpa y accesorios que jamás había visto que los usara. La sentó a los pies de la cama, para poder abrirla. Ahí la acostó, tapándola de inmediato con las sábanas./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"—strong¿Te... irás?/strong— susurró ella, mirándolo dudosamente hasta que él negó. /p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"—strongNo, no soy tan malo como para abandonar a un bebé que ha tomado su primer vaso de veneno. Además, creo que tendré que cuidarte en la próxima fiesta/strong— murmuró despacio mientras apagaba la luz y se sentaba en el suelo, a un lado de ella —strongMañana sufrirás, pero sólo dura un día, tranquila/strong— su mano acariciaba el rostro de ella, lográndola ver por la leve luz de la luna que entraba a través de las cortinas./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"El silencio volvía a aparecer entre ambos. Pero volvía a ser un silencio cómodo, y con sólo mirarse sentían ganas de reír. Él continuaba acariciando el rostro de ella, y ella no podía dejar de apreciar esos ojos llamativos. Desde que Michael se había acercado a ella en la fiesta, se había fijado que algo había cambiado en él, y hasta ese momento, pudo deducir qué era./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"Sus ojos finalmente habían demostrado lo que ella deseaba: un brillo. No sólo un brillo especial, si no, uno hermoso. Algo que, para Camila, significaba lo suficiente para poder dormir y despertar sintiéndose distinta. ¿Realmente él no fingía lo que le había dado a conocer durante esas dos noches?./p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"—strongNo resultaste ser tan malo ¿sabías?/strong— susurró ella como respuesta, mirándolo con una sonrisa —strongPuede que... lleguemos a ser buenos amigos/strong—/p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"Él le sonrió de vuelta y besó su frente —strongDuérmete ya, pequeña. Creo que estás alucinando/strong—/p p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; font-size: 12.222222328186px; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"Ella asintió y cerró sus ojos, sintiendo como si finalmente hubiera acabado una larga semana./p ","Summary":" \"Esta es la historia de una muchacha, que conoce un muchacho. La muchacha, Camila Cabello , de sól"},{"Movie":"Up","Title":"Down","Author":"ReeReeWithAngst","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10844697","Passage":"[Chapter 1] What goes up must go down. -Don't own Pixar. I'd mess it up. Russel's POV: Dug sat beside me at Carl's funeral. He'd been like a dad to me. We'd spent the best years of my life together, ever since our adventure seven years ago. I'd been eight, it had been the biggest thing to happen to me ever. I can't say I was handling Carl's death well, I was a wreck. I'd almost destroyed everything, yelled at my real dad until he left me alone, I almost kicked Dug. I was depressed and frustrated honestly. I couldn't handle it couldn't take it anymore. When I woke up this morning a suit was lain out, ironed nicely, along with a tie, my dad's way of making our fight up to me. I'd put the suit on and the tie and gingerly fastened the grape soda cap to my suit. I wear it everyday, and now that my idol and inspiration and best friend honestly is dead I will continue wearing it in his honor. Dug rests his head on my lap and we both sigh. Neither of us know what to do now. We're lonely and sad and directionless. Carl made every day of my life an adventure, but now that he's gone my life is dull and colorless and just depressing. I wish there was something I could do to get out of this slump but there isn't. My dad sends a car for me. I set in the back stroking Dug's head as we sit in silence. Dug whimpers a little and I just stare out the window, tears leaking from my face. I finger the grape soda cap and sigh again. When I get home my dad glances up for a brief moment and asks if I'll be okay. I don't answer, I just go out to the garage. Adventure was always Carl's passion, even after he lost Ellie. While I've never met anyone as great as he always made Ellie out to be, I do have a passion of my own, and I wouldn't have found it if it weren't for him. Inventing is something I can be passionate about, the only thing I have left other than Dug. I discovered my interest in it after seeing Dug's collar. I wanted to learn how it worked so I took it apart and became fascinated. I was able to put it back together and even improve it, but I also like working on other projects, not all of them are completely related to dogs, but a lot of them are because I have dog insight at my finger tips. Dug's getting pretty old but he still has the same energy that he refuses to give up. I'm glad that Dug refuses to give into old age. Carl had no choice to. He was really sick and dying. It couldn't be stopped. I spent every day with him as he died. I told him the stories of the adventures we had together and we looked at the Adventure book. It seemed to make him happy. At least he died happy. That's the thing. People can die happy, but the people left alive, like me, we're not happy. I don't think I can be happy. A few hours later my step mom comes to get me for dinner. I come but I don't eat. No one says anything to me and that's perfectly fine with me. Dug curls up my feet and I feed him some of my dinner, but he's apathetic too. Neither of us really care about things. I found a little pleasure in my tinkering on my projects, but it wasn't enough. I miss Carl. Carl was always there for me when my dad wasn't. Ellie would've been like a mom to me I know, had she been alive. My step mom isn't a good mom, but Dad never picks good women. My own mom might have been a good one, but she died when I was little so I really don't know. Ever since then its been step mom after step mom or between step moms its girlfriends, and I hope that my real mom was the one for my dad, or he'll probably never know real love. I have two half siblings, but their mom's got custody so I only see them at Thanksgiving. Thanksgiving... Oh thats coming up isn't it? One less thing to be thankful for. I can't take things for granted, that would be selfish of me. I guess I have a pretty good life. I just don't know what I'm going to do without Carl. I don't know what I'm going to do at all. The rest of the day drags on. I ruined the suit while I was tinkering but my dad says nothing about it. He doesn't care. He can by another one at the snap of his finger. That's what I am to him, something that can be dealt with with money and a finger snap. To him I'm not his son but a thing that needs to be taken care of for no real reason. I don't care though. I never used to care. I had no reason to care. I had a family. I still have Dug. When I go to bed I don't know how I'll be able to sleep, I still see the image of Carl in a casket when I close my eyes. Still feel the weight of the words, \"He's dead.\" I remember when it happened, it was awful. The nurses and doctors rushed in and pushed me out nad I watched from the window as he died and they could do nothing about it. I was panicking inside, my chest tightened up and I didn't know what to do so I just cried. I hate that memory. I force myself to close my eyes and try to sleep, and reluctantly I drift off. And when I'm asleep the dreams come. DON'T KILL ME I HAVE A PLAN.[Chapter 2] In his dreams he saw Carl. Not surprising. He'd been thinking about him when he fell asleep, but now things were different. This wasn't the Carl he'd known as an eight year old boy, or later through nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen and for as much of fifteen as possible. No. This Carl was different, younger, looking more alive than he had when he had been alive. It broke Russel's heart to see him like this. This was Carl after death, and he really had died happy. Russel could tell by the look on Carl's face he was imagining being reunited with his dearest love Ellie. Russel wanted to wake up from this dream, but he couldn't, so he continued to stare at his dead friend. Carl was walking, going down a steep path that would have ruined him and his walker had he been in the form Russel knew so well, but he wasn't. This was definitely the Carl Russel had only seen in photographs. Carl was smiling and humming to himself as if he didn't see the steep path ahead of him or the darkness or the creatures that lurked about waiting to pounce. Carl seemed oblivious to all of it, as if he knew that the light at the end of the tunnel would be eternally worth it. He kept going, cheerfully humming a happy tune that he'd hummed a lot before he'd gotten sick. Russel stared in horror as a ugly beast with hideous, long, sharp claws reached for him. Carl began to glow a little, illuminating the dark path for a moment, and the beast couldn't get to him. Carl calmly turned his head and looked at the beast, pausing in his song and opening his mouth to speak. \"No.\" He told the beast with a smile. \"No, you can't get to me. Not today. I'm going to see Ellie, and nothing will stop me.\" The beast cowered, suddenly afraid of Carl. Russel was impressed, but also a little frightened. He didn't understand what was going on, just that the dream made him uneasy. Carl kept walking, his happy hum turning into a whistle and then a song, the words were made up as he went. The more he walked the more a glow radiated off of him, and the more the creatures crept closer, cautiously awaiting a chance to pounce. Russel wanted to call out, warn Carl that beasts lurked ready to devour him. But he found no voice, so he continued to watch, terrified. Carl didn't seem to mind the creatures crowding around. He glanced at them and laughed, loudly. \"You can't hurt me. I'm going to see my Ellie, and nothing will hurt me.\" He told them, grinning bigger than Russel thought he'd ever seen him grin. Russel couldn't shake the uneasy feeling, but Carl seemed to be doing just fine. Russel attempted to swallow his growing panic, but it just made him feel sick inside. Carl continued his journey. For a bit he stopped glowing and things were pitch black. Russel heard Carl stumble and then laugh and pick himself up. By now Russel was petrified, worried for his friend. He wanted it to be light, to be day to be nice and sunshiney so he could sweep away his worries and be reassured that Carl was fine. When Carl started glowing again he was being cornered by the hideous demon creatures, but Carl just laughed once more. \"I told you but you don't listen. I'm going to see my Ellie. Now please get out of my way.\" Needless to say the demons did not get out of his way. So Carl just walked through them, glowing brightly. Russel would have bitten his nails had he been awake. For a bit the dream got a bit fuzzy, Carl appeared to be walking through cobwebs and Russel was both confused and pretty scared. The cobwebs were huge, and with cobwebs came spiders, something Russel was secretly terrified of. Sure enough ginormous spiders arrived, but Carl just waved and kept walking, and the spiders seemed to pay him no mind. Carl came to a stop, even spirits apparently got tired, he sat on a rock and took a deep, content breath. The creatures gathered near to him and he smiled at them and began telling them the story of how he'd met Ellie. I awoke with a start from the strange dream. I'd fallen out of bed a few hours ago but the dream had been too intense I hadn't even woken up. It was too early to get up so I just sat on my floor and cried. Please review it would mean a lot! What do you guys think about the dream?[Chapter 3] So my brother thinks this fanfiction is lame just because of the name. Well, we only have one follower and one favorite and no reviews, but still. Thank you to the one person who actually liked the story idea, and I can't even shout out to you because I practically shoved the idea down your throat yesterday in first hour. If you like this story please I beg you to review. :D Not desperate at all. Anyway, HAPPY THANKSGIVING When I tied my shoe laces the day after the funeral I was very thoughtful. School today would mean facing people who have never been my friends, people I really don't want to see.I'm ashamed to admit I was thinking about skipping but my father would have a cow if he found out I did, so I begrudgingly climbed in the car, toting my twenty pound (no seriously I weighed it) backpack. Dug couldn't come with me to school. He'd stay around the house avoiding my step mom and waiting for the car to take me home from the prison most people call high school. I was very tired, I hadn't gotten much sleep after waking up earlier, and the dreams I had were... Incredibly disturbing. While I liked the idea of Carl getting to see Ellie again the creatures worried me and the spiders terrified me. Besides, it was frustrating how emotional I'd let myself become over a silly ream. I was just a few steps away from being an actual scientist, and while thanks to Kevin and Dug I believed more in the impossible than I ever had, I was still wary of controversial topics like the afterlife. I didn't know what to believe, and I certainly wasn't going to take my dream seriously until I had a few more facts. Still, the dream stuck in my mind. When I reached the private school where I was forced to attend, a nice school that had a strict dress code that prohibited jeans and t-shirts unfortunately, I begrudgingly got out and followed the stream of high school students into the building. I wouldn't miss this when I graduated, though I had a feeling that college would be just as miserable, and just as unwilling to let me have Dug around. For most of the day things went by smoothly, I barely stayed awake during English, drew up plans for a small robot in citizenship, stumbled through Spanish, and then trudged to lunch. Even on chilly days like today I sat outside. I liked sitting outside in the courtyard on a wooden bench. It reminded me somewhat of a park bench Carl and I used to go to, even though the courtyard was almost completely concrete except for the tiny sliver of grass that barely supported two trees struggling to grow. I'd named the trees Kevin and Dug after my two favorite animal friends, but since Carl's death I'd been considering changing the names to Carl and Ellie. I nodded at the decision and watched the wind blow off even more leaves. I knew winter would come and bring a chilling amount of snow, making it hard to enjoy my meal outside, but I'd still attempt it. I had no friends to sit with indoors, even if I did have friends at this school, which I didn't, knowing my like they probably wouldn't have my lunch. After that depressing revelation I decided to actually eat my sandwich, turkey and cheddar, bread slightly toasted, one of the servants that like me must have made it. I was half way through the sandwich when someone approached me on purpose for the first time in my high school existence. Even freakier, it was a girl. \"Hi!\" She said brightly, beaming at me. I wasn't exactly in the mood for happy and bubbly, but I forced a polite smile and responded to her in my best happy voice. \"Hello.\" I couldn't force the same enthusiasm into my voice, but she seemed undeterred. \"I'm Kylie, you're in my science class.\" I struggled to recall her, then nodded. \"Robotics, right?\" Robotics was my second elective after Spanish, and when she said she was in my science class at first I thought she meant my required science class, but no, this was a girl who actually cared about robotics, and not some girly elective like drama or chorus. \"Yeah, its really interesting isn't it?\" She was so bubbly. How could she possibly have so much to be happy about? I frowned a little. \"Yeah it is.\" She must have noticed my frown because she frowned too.\" \"Are you okay Russel?\" I was alarmed for a second that she knew my name, but once again recalled that she was in my class. Actually, she sat in the desk behind me. It was reasonable she'd know my name. \"Well...\" I made the decision right then not to lie to my new found friend(?). \"No actually. I'm kind of upset. A close friend died just a few days ago.\" \"Oh!\" Her mouth opened in the exact shape she'd just proclaimed, and her eyes grew wide like an owl's. \"Thats awful, that must be awful. Are you okay?\" She sat down beside me looking concerned. \"Not really, he was like a father to me.\" \"Is your own father...?\" She trailed off, leaving me to fill in. \"I live with him, but we have a hollow relationship. Until a seven years ago, when I met Carl, I didn't know what having a dad was supposed to feel like, I just saw it in other's lives.\" \"How old was Carl?\" She asked gently, placing a hand on my shoulder. \"Eighty five. I mean, I know people die I just... I just took it hard.\" \"If he was a father to you that's expected. But you don't have to go through this alone. You have friends.\" \"Are you my friend?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Then I have one friend. And a dog.\" \"Then that's two friends.\" She said, trying to sound optimistic. She has no idea how much of a friend dug is, if she knew that he could talk she might be scared off, so I don't mention it yet. \"Great. I have two friends.\" I say sarcastically. \"You'll get through this. I'll help you.\" She promises. And I believe her. And at the same time I don't. I don't know what to think. But at least I have another friend. I'll take what I can get. I just hope the dreams don't come back. Though she'd probably help me with those too. Again, Happy Thanksgiving![Chapter 4] Going shopping soon. I've never shopped at 1 AM before. Carl stood. He'd been resting a long time. But then again, the love story between Ellie and he took a long time to tell. Maybe later he'd tell his new creature \"friends\" about Russel and they adventures he'd had with the young boy. Not that Russel was that young anymore. Carl was delighted by how easily he moved, walking had been difficult in days past. They'd put him in a wheelchair to be safe, but now he could move freely. He smiled and began whistling. What an adventure this was. This was even more exciting than his trip to Paradise falls. The stakes were even higher now, because he was fighting to be able to see his true love. He'd missed her so much, especially in his last days. He wished that Ellie had gotten a chance to meet Russel, she would have loved him, his squishy cheeks and happy personality. She'd always loved kids and wanted so desperately to have some of her own, he knew that Russel and Ellie would have been good friends. \"Oh well. I'll see her again soon, and I know that one day Russel will grow old and join me.\" Carl continued to muse when a thought struck him. \"Maybe he won't grow old. He's only fifteen he can't die yet... But he was so sad when I was dying...\" Carl worried that his young friend would do something dangerous and get himself hurt out of grief of losing him. When he had lost Ellie the entire world lost its color. He'd done stupid thing after stupid thing possibly one of the worst things he'd done being hitting that poor construction worker with his cane all because of a a mailbox. He was ashamed at what he had done in his grief stricken state and hoped Russel wouldn't follow in his footsteps. Every now and then he would feel like stopping and reminiscing He would stop and sit and tell the stories of the time he spent with Russel as well as retelling the time he met Ellie. He was so happy and sad at the same time. He longed to see her again and dreamed about being with her. Seeing her smiling face, hearing her laugh. This was the greatest adventure, and the destination was worth every nostalgic step. Nobody meant more to him than Ellie. Only worry for Russel tainted his care free and happy attitude. He tried not to worry,he knew Russel was capable of making good choices, but making good choices was a hard thing to to do when you're sad. \"What am I saying? He's probably not ever sad anymore. Russel was always so happy I know he'll get over this quickly.\" Carl lied to himself. He attempted to turn his thoughts to his wife. Sometimes it worked, and other times he would grow worried about the little boy who had been like a son to him. One of the creatures attacked him. he fought but his light wasn't shining as bright with his mind clouded with worry. This time, though he won, he didn't make it out completely without a scratch. He shuddered and walked faster, trying to be happy and carefree. \"Be okay Russel.\" Carl whispered into the darkness, knowing that the boy couldn't possibly hear him. Russel woke up shaking. If he was going to keep having these dreams then maybe he should never sleep. Each reminder that his friend was dead broke his heart more than the last. No one reviews. Why doesn't anyone review? ","Summary":" What goes up must go down. -Don't own Pixar. I'd mess it up. Russel's POV: Dug sat beside me at Car"},{"Movie":"Black Swan, 2010","Title":"Son of Nina Sayers","Author":"chitty gen11","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9520758","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This morning, I was positioned in my Moses basket. It has been placed on top of the kitchen table. There, I looked at my cuddly spider toy. I stared at it for a few more moments, before turning my attention to the ceiling. Suddenly, my mum Nina Sayers peered over the basket She was wearing an aqua short angel sleeve v- neck bead detail top which sat at the lower hip; her dark hair was tied back into a severe bun. As I observed her staring down at me, I couldn't help but feel as though she was a giant...an odd looking one, as her face and neck were painted to wash out her skin, and her lips were ruby red. There was also black face paint round her eyes, which resembled a mask or a clown...not the funny sort, but rather, a scary clown from a nightmare. As she smiled and began talking to me sweetly, but my heart began to pound. Her make up...it just looked so unlike her...Not knowing what to do or where to look, I tried distracting myself by staring at the pair of large metal silver hoop earrings that swayed as she spoke. I resisted the urge to grab them, for that would probably keep her in my company longer. This worked for a time, but I wanted her to leave. I started screaming in an attempt to get her to leave, but instead, I felt moisture inside my nappy...not quite the action I was expecting. My mum bent over and lifted me out. She placed me against her shoulder and rubbed my back. \"Oh phew...smells like someone needs to have his diaper changed. Come on my little Swan Prince. Let's go and change that stinky old diaper,\" she said. My mum walked a few paces to her room, and placed me on her bed. She rummaged around a bit in a bag placed in the corner, then set to work changing my nappy as she did so, I found it strange that she was able to do such a good job. She seemed to know what she was doing, led me to believe that she may have done this before...she was a natural. After my mum had finished changing me, she clasped my tiny hands in hers and nibbled them gently. She placed her hands in front of her face and quickly pulled them apart, saying \"peek-a-boo\" as she did so. This was pretty entertaining, and I couldn't help but giggle. The plain silver metal bangle she wore that I had tried to ignore earlier was now something I really wanted to grab. As I reached for it, she picked up a teddy bear and dangled it in front of me. The bear was now more interesting than the bangle, but as soon as I tried to grab for it, she pulled it away. Then she dangled it in front of me again. As I reached for it a second time, she pulled it away again. This game was surprisingly enjoyable. I laughed again, which brought a smile to her face. A moment later, Grandma Erica came in, and sat down next to my mum. As Gran sat down, she gazed at me with a smile on her face. She laughed softly, and picked me up, placed me over her shoulder, and began rubbing my back with one hand while she patted my bottom with the other. She turned to my mum and they began talking to one another. While my mum and gran were talking I heard my gran telling my mum that she was spending far too much time working, and that she wasn't really spending much time with me. It was true though. My mum said she wanted to spend more time with me. I hoped this would be true one day. Gran spoke next. She told me how much I looked like my mum. At some time during their grown up chat, Gran was starting to become a bit angry at my mum, \"When are you going to take responsibility for your son, Nina? I can't be looking after him all the time!\" She said with a snarl. To which my mum replied \"I am taking responsibility of my child mom; but everyone needs a helping hand once in a while!\" So after some time my mum got up and as she walked out of the room. I didn't want her to go, and then I noticed that her bottom half was covered by a pair of white leggings with shiny metal things at the bottom of them attracted my attention. The shiny things reminded me of my mum's earrings and bangle, which I loved staring at, Just then I could hear the familiar sound of a little ballet dancer spinning inside of a box. I knew the gentle twinkling sound anywhere and immediately looked toward where it sat on Mum's bedside table. My Gran got up off the bed then went over and shut the lid. After my gran had closed the box, carried me out of my and mum's room and walked round the apartment trying to find my mum. We soon found her in the dance studio where she practices for hours and hours. When we entered, my mum stopped dancing then came over to us with a smile on her face she was glad to see me and I was so happy to see her as well that I gurgled happily. \"There we go now Ben, over you go to Mommy,\" My Gran said as my mum took me and held me in her arms. \"Why don't you take Ben out or something, Nina\" Mum's lips turned downward. \"But Mom, I'm due at work soon.\" Gran made a face similar to my mum's, \"Why not take Ben in with you? I could use a break from the baby anyway. It will give you a chance to spend time with him.\" Later that day my mum had taken me into work with her, As I sat in my chair and watched my mum dancing, my mum Dances wonderfully it reminds me every time she takes me into her dance studio at home, every time I watch her my mum is as graceful as a swan She replaced her shiny shoes with what looked like shiny house slippers. Also by now she had removed that scary make up that she had on and then another lady walked in. She had a smoking stick in her mouth. It smelled awful. \"Hey,\" my mum yelled. \"Don't smoke around my baby.\" As I heard my mum saying it, I kind of sensed that my mum didn't like Lilly that much. If my mum didn't like her then neither did I! Lilly just turned to my mum and said \"Nina I wasn't smoking anywhere near that little brat\" \"don't you call my son a brat, He's perfect\" my mum said as she looked at me smiling a motherly smile upon her face A while later and after my mum had left me on my own, As I lay in my pram with one or two of my soft toys next to me for company watching the toys were dangling above my head again, and the swinging birds and lions and bears made me quite happy? My mum's dressing room was a great place to settle, and I was so pleased that she set up a pram just for me inside. Suddenly, the door creaked open, and for a moment, I was hopeful that it was my Mum was coming with a new toy, or something to eat. What I found though, was that the woman with the long brown hair, and the smelly smoking stick was peeking inside at me, Lilly. She looked behind her, as if someone might be following her, but then her attention quickly focused back onto me in my pram. I wasn't sure what to do, but she couldn't be as bad as I had thought since she was gently reaching down to pick me up. My world shifted, and suddenly the ceiling was much closer. I liked looking above at the shapes on the wall, but Lilly wasn't holding me the same way that my Mum did. Her arms were all wrong. I felt tears prick the corners of my eyes, and a wail rumbled inside my belly. Lilly bounced me up and down a few times liked my Mum liked to do when I cried, and then she picked up my changing bag up off the dressing table and carried me out into the hallway. I peered over her shoulder, and suddenly I saw my Mum. She Ran after us, her earrings were swaying about with each step. \"Hey, where are you going with my Baby?\" My mum said angrily. Lilly stopped, and turned to face her, Lilly's hand still patting my back. Some of the other girls just stopped and stood where they were watching what was going on \"I heard him crying,\" she said coldly. I didn't remember crying...Lilly continued. \"Seeing that you were nowhere around, I thought that I'd take him out for a little walk.\" But as my mum was about to reply back Just then Tahoma who must be the one that I heard sometimes form my mum scurried into view and grabbed at my Mum. He told her urgently that needed to see as well as speak to her for a minute, She looked at me, then back at Lilly, and then to Tahoma. \"Be careful with him,\" she said coldly, before disappearing. I felt my eyes water.[Chapter 2] As I tried to call out to her hoping that she would come and take me away from Lilly, but my mum had disappeared and I wasn't quite sure if she could hear me and Lilly headed straight for the stage door entrance, as soon as Lilly had got outside of the theatre and made her way across the city street. I cried and screamed for my mum, but Lilly was heading straight towards the subway, doing the bouncing thing to try and calm me down. People were staring at us; surely they knew that Lilly was not my mum! Just then Lilly looked around at those who were looking at us and started to pretend to be so she started to say\" There, there, oh come on now, shhh, shhh. Its ok Baby, Mommy's taking you home\" Home I thought to myself how Lilly can possibly know where both my mum and I lived, ","Summary":" This morning, I was positioned in my Moses basket. It has been placed on top of the kitchen table. "},{"Movie":"Black Swan, 2010","Title":"The Makings of a Beauty and a Monstrosity","Author":"tintin.salvio","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9111561","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 Her face holds the soul A simple Sunday morning flourished beautifully against the huge buildings, the Sun poured boasting its morning glory of pure light. Busy streets filled New York City; day and night. As the mass media follows several scandalized celebrities prying for privacy at day, party animals and insufficient pokers would go haywire all night. As the city was fulfilling its own prideful needs, a woman with a hidden demeanor bears herself chaste along the pavement. Nina was her name. A young virtuoso and ballerina taught with such pleasure and joy, her pitiful and sweet face would drive any selfish and assaulting mind mad. Wearing her signature lady-pink coat, shy white scarf and boots, she walked effortlessly to the hectic Subway. This young ballerina had such promise in fulfilling her life-long dreams. Her bright and peaceful disposition makes her a target of many evils that lurk beyond the safe mirrors of the ballet studio. But not all is out for her chastity. The clear echoes of swank and commands rang in Nina's ear as she strained herself to calm down. As she ventured into one of the make-up rooms getting ready, she closed her eyes and straightened her body for practicing. Making sure her leotard was fully glued to her skin, the light-pink tutu in place, her brunette bun sitting tremendously and clean on her scalp. Yes, she was ready. Ready to dance her way to her childhood dreams, but exponentially not ready to face her dance instructor's mean words. She sighed and shook her head. Maybe a bit of loud nagging could cure her distracted face. Ah well, let us see. Nina Sayers, a polite and sweet girl of New York, pushed herself to the door and forced a smile. \"Graceful now, Graceful!\" a man of French nativity shouted viciously to a ballerina. Her wide eyes filled with worry as she flung her arms in the air and kicked her legs. The poor blonde held a grim frown as her instructor was no longer impressed with her performance . \"Make it look as though you were a flightless beauty, stretch those arms higher and define your footwork\", the director of the Swan Lake composition sneered to the blonde. Nina looked on from behind a few shoulders. She watched carefully as the blonde was beginning to dance in full agony and pain. The young ballerina frowned pitifully to the blonde dancer. \"Please, monsieur! My feet are bleeding…\" the girl wailed as she stopped dancing for him. The man held a pitied yet disappointed face. He held the waning girl's arm and spoke of high and somewhat good advice, \"You are too young for this professionalism. I suggest you leave; your performance needed a bit more…Life and fluidity, otherwise good job.\" The girl nodded teary-eyed and took a dark blue bag and left without saying a word, other than sniffling and cursing herself. The administrator of the joint rubbed his eyelids and sat on his chair, defeated. Nina was eventually found alone as the other male and female ballerinas left her presence and returned to their own corners for practice. Some were gossiping off and chatting. \"Mr. Leroy?\" Nina asked the man before her as she swayed waiting for him to look at her. Thomas Leroy, an artistic director and addict of perfection, looked up from his sulking to find a pale beauty stand before him nervously. He looked at her in confusion that was replaced with predatory silence. \"Yes?\" he asked Nina quietly, \"Are you lost? Because the road to Heaven is that way, my dear.\" As he pointed at the exit; giving her a chance to at least run from his studio while she still got the chance. Nina shook her head earnestly and curtsied shyly, \"I would like to be the Swan Queen.\" She said with her voice that sounded of angelic wind chimes. Thomas stared at Nina with utmost surprise; he hid the confused face quickly and stood up with arms folded.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 His Sweet Princess Thomas, a demurred and commanding beast of dance and hidden torture, was all that mirrored him. Not only will he have to face a delicate creature, he will also face the future of his own career. His removed his obsidian jacket revealing a white collared shirt and tied it casually around his neck. His eyes full of deceit and pride poured over Nina and gestured to the dance floor. \"Dance for me then. If you have the makings of the beautiful and fragile Odette, then you may have the role as the White Swan. If not,\" he said to Nina gravely \"I'm sorry.\" He strained to make a maniacal sneer. Nina did not flinch or falter, she simply looked down with a half smile. It was like meeting failure like an old friend. But this time she knew that she will become the White Swan. The young woman agilely stepped a few feet away from him and straightened her tutu. Nina bowed her head, ready to show her all. Mr. Leroy signaled the pianist with a familiar key. The melodically beautiful song of the White Swan. Nina started by showing her face, her expression never changing; Chastity and Longing written dramatically along her features. She flailed her slender arms weakly and tiptoed along the floor. Her head raised back to show her wish for freedom. Thomas encircled her like a hungry panther watching the beautiful and entrancing gazelle known as Nina. He took small notes, not nodding nor shaking his head. Nina wistfully danced as she flung her arms to the audience, who is Thomas; she motioned him for help as she pushed herself into some unforeseen force. The porcelain face made it even harder to not stare at. Her feet taking luminous flight as she twirled gracefully until she stopped by holding her arms high; revealing the trapped Odette as the White Swan. Nina pranced glancing over Thomas. His face was unreadable and solemn. Finally, she wiggled her fingers and flapped her arms as she dramatically stands on the floor. Showing the intense glow that radiated her features. The young Nina stood motionless as Thomas stopped from his tracks and took another precious glance. The man carefully eyed her and smirked. Nina blinked prettily, her eyes as big as saucers. He held her stray hand left in mid-air, his brows scrutinizing her. \"Impressive. Your virginal fragility really does showcase Odette\" he complimented with Nina ending up smiling shyly as always. The instructor shook her hand and asked for the young unearthly beauty's name. As they exchanged regards both felt a new spotlight covering them with joy and hope. But the man in question wasn't satisfied enough. What he enjoyed was the great footwork and emotion the woman exclaimed out loud. He needed that perfect flight of the fragile White Swan, he needed Nina to weep and whimper in agony and longing for her prince. He wanted the intense stares of the crowd turned into malicious and persevering nods. He wanted the Swan Queen to not only show her good side, but to live sensually as the evil Odile, the Black Swan. Thomas observed his creation as it exchanged compliments and acknowledgements from other fellow dancers that flooded the studio. The young Sayers smiled and happily tiptoed to her cabinet changing into her casual clothes with Mr. Leroy tagging along. \"Mom will be so proud of me…\" she whispered to herself as she rummaged through her bag, finger combing her hair with delight. Nina caught a cotton turtleneck, its fuzz and softness melting her heart giving old memories long ago. She slid from her upper leotard revealing a white, ribbon adorned bra. \"You know women mostly prefer collared tees this winter season but I respect your taste too, Ms Sayers.\" Thomas inquired as he leisurely leaned on a corridor wall. Nina stifled a small gasp and quickly wore her turtleneck, scandalized and embarrassment filled her thoughts. Day One of the Swan Lake production and the company's instructor is staring while you dress; what the heck with that? Thomas admired Nina's somewhat distressed tone. It was needed for the act and it made him ease a little. Nina removed her tutu wearing baby blue pajamas with decorated feathers, made especially for her. She put on her pink coat and boots and nodded to her dance instructor as she left the ballet studio. ","Summary":" Chapter 1 Her face holds the soul A simple Sunday morning flourished beautifully against the huge b"},{"Movie":"Diary of a Wimpy Kid","Title":"Diary of a wimpy kid: Stag union part 1","Author":"bosy111","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9460854","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my first story tell me if you like it. Diary of a wimpy kid Stag union no one's POV: Holly had just grabbed Gregs hand and were watching their siblings argue. Suddenly Rodrick and Heather stopped arguing and looked at Holly and Greg with mad faces. They walked over but half way through they stared to run slipping at areas. Greg shouted \"RUN!\" Holly and Greg ran away, still holding hands, as fast as they could; Holly was surprised about how fast Greg could running and how good he was at climbing. He was better than her. They slowed down when they thought they were safe and burst out laughing. They then felt an arm slam their shoulders and turn around to find 2 chocolaty, angry older siblings. As both are being dragged away they mime a good luck to each other and wave. Greg's POV: I'm so dead and is in big trouble. Wish me luck, and Holly. Holly's POV: Come on, I'm so dead. Feel bad for Greg, he has Rodrick to dill with.[Chapter 2] Diary of a wimpy kid stag union Chapter 2 big trouble… Greg's POV: I'm so dead, I thought Holly's quick thinking would have stopped them from chasing us. She obviously doesn't like. I'm not worried about the video game ban. I'm worried about going to stag union. Mum and Dad agreed that if I did 1 more thing wrong they will send me to stag union. I don't know how Dad got Mum to agree to it but he did. I thought they were kidding, but they weren't. They called up the school, paid the money, bought the uniform and sent me upstairs to pack. I'm leaving tomorrow. I don't want to go to stag union, I'll never find a friend like Rowley. Nowhere near as good anyway. I know I'm mean to him and all but I do love like a brother, I like him better than my actual brothers and will miss him more than my actual brothers. And Holly, we're really good friends now. I can trust with any of my secrets, except my crush one. She's also helps me with homework and sports sometimes. She is also surprisingly good at video games. She is probably the closest person to my high score. If I'm gone she might take over my high score, or get a boyfriend, as I had of lost most of my gaming skills. The worst part was I couldn't contact them or even tell them I'm going. They'll find out from one of my family members. They have also made it into a full time school, not just on summer break; which by the way they don't have. There's no backing out now. Holly's POV: I am in so much trouble, first time in a while actually. My parents are going to be so mad at me, first time in about 5-7 years. I forgot the last time I got in trouble. I would have thought my quick thinking, holding Greg's hand, would have stopped us from getting in trouble. Why would Greg like me anyway? He acts like a friend and treats me like a friend. Sometimes I just get lost in his deep brown eyes and… Holly remember, you're in trouble. I wish good luck to you Greg. Thank God! I just got away with a weekend grounding, only allowed to teach tennis, and a phone ban; I'm going to text Greg, the phone ban starts after my grounding ends, to see his punishment. Hi its Holly, what's your punishment mines just a weekend grounding and a phone ban Hm? He's not answering? Wonder why. I'll ask him tomorrow at the country club when he goes there with Rowley. I need to give him his tennis lesson anyway. My favourite thing about it is that I get to spend alone time with Greg and put my arms around him. Fun! I need to get some rest. Man I'm tired. Yawn! I'll just dream about Greg. Tomorrow I'm going to tell him I like him. Wish me good luck![Chapter 3] Diary of a Wimpy kid stag union part 1 chapter 3 Holly's POV: On the way to the country club via my bike. Oh good, Rowley's dads cars here; that means Greg's here. I want to find out his punishment and tell him I like him. Also teach him tennis. He's starting to get really good, I might have to stop the tennis lesson and let him move up to high class. Bryce is teaching that. I was going to teach it but I already had the little kids and we tried Patty. Let's just say Gary(made up) moved schools when he left the hospital. The weird thing about Bryce is that he stopped hitting on me. After I told him I like someone else we became friends, not as good as me and Greg but friends. I just hope he's not playing the \"friends card\" that so many boys play. So I walked into the locker room humming my favourite song, still into you bye paramore well I think that's what they're called, and got dressed in my tennis kit. In the morning I start by giving Greg his tennis lesson, like to start the day off with a smile, then I teach the little kids. Then I have to go to Bryce's tennis lesson even though both me and patty are better than him. I made my way to the tennis court saw Rowley and Patty kissing! That's not right. I took a picture and texted it to Greg but I don't actually see him by the tennis courts. Must still by changing. I walked up and to Patty and Rowley and asked \"have any of you kiss freaks seen Greg?\" They jumped apart in embarrassment. Both were as red as an tomato. They both said no. Rowley then asked the most stupid question like ever \" I thought he was with you.\" Rowley why would I ask where he was if he came with me and he always comes with you anyway,\" I said in an anxious voice. Hey Jessie hey Jessie. My ringtone went off. Greg had updated his status, yes I like to know what he's thinking and if it has anything to do with me, to sick for the rest of the summer no one visit me plz booooooo and are Rowley and Patty dating. It makes sense now, that's why he's not here. We then started playing tennis. I was so annoyed that I won't be able to give Greg his tennis lesson, its my favourite thing to do at the country club; let me rephrase that, favourite thing to do in the summer. I couldn't even visit him. I can't help but have a feeling like he's trying to avoid us. Why would he avoid his best friend? Well not Patty but me and Rowley are his closest friends here. I'll just see him when we get back to school. I'll just post how I feel about him as a note in his locker but won't put my name. I'll put a question on there to and ask him that question after about a month to see how much he wanted to find out. Its full proof. OW. Patty just hit me with a ball better concentrate.[Chapter 4] Diary of a wimpy kid Stag union part 1 chapter 4 Holly's POV: Back at school now feeling ecstatic and poignant. Ecstatic because I can see Greg again and tell him I like him. Poignant because the summers over and I wouldn't be teaching little kids tennis anymore. Hey here comes Rowley, he looks sad. Oh no my lockers open. Crash! Can't let Rowley see my locker, it has pictures of me and Greg in love hearts. Thank god he didn't see, he would tell Greg and things would be awkward as he doesn't like me back. Rowley's POV: I can't believe Gregs gone to stag union, he's my best friend, what am I going to do? Hey there's Holly I can talk to her about it. Crash! Wonder why she slammed her locker shut. \" Hey Holly,\" I say with my traumatized voice. \"What's up Rowley?\" She asked me. \" The sky, and Gregs changed schools to stag union,\" I said bursting into tears. Holly just stood still in shock it was so weird. I knew it would affect her but not this much. She looks more shocked than I was when I found out. Holly's POV: Gregs changed schools to stag union Those words stuck in my head. I couldn't believe it, the love of my life has left my life. I just can't get it into my head that he's gone, I just can't. At least he won't meet any girls there; if he did I would of lost my chance. I'll just see him when they have a break and we can play video games or something. While we are playing ill say by the way I have a crush on you and then win as he would of lost his concentration. Stag union, I better search it online. Wait, how long is he staying for? I'll just ask Rowley, \"hey Rowley how long is he staying there for?\" \"He's staying there for 2 years and the school don't even have any breaks!\" Rowley cried out making people look. What! No breaks, that means I can't see him. I better search that school on YouTube of the internet. OMG! This school changes people completely. After the 2 years he will come back as a smart, responsible person. Ewww, that's not the Greg I know. But not the worst part, they do have girls there. They also have a machine that pairs you up with the girl most suited for you. But Greg can't get a date that quickly, he's only been there for less than a week. I think. I will just Skype Greg now as it is free period right now. Ring! Ring! \"Hi who are you? Greg someone's calling you. Your holly hills I remember you from first grade, it's me Trista. I'm Gregs girlfriend,\" Trista kept on talking. \"Bye!\" I said quickly. I have lost my chance. Wait Gregs calling me. hey holly I'm not allowed to talk to anyone outside the school soz by the way I . Beep. I ended the call. Wait, what was he going to say? I'll ask him when he's back after 2 years. I just hope he would of broken up with Trista by then and even if he didn't I will tell him I have feelings for him. I hope he feels the same. I just realized, Greg didn't pull his hand away. That means he…[Chapter 5] Diary of a Wimpy kid Stag union part 1 chapter 5 9th grade Holly's POV: Sat down in history, front of the class as its are seating plan, next to Bryce ; we're best friends now. Then are teacher asked if we remembered Greg Heffley. Where does that name sound familiar? Because he's still my crush! I just can't get over him. It was love at first site. Flashback I was skating around ,meeting new people, when this face was looking at me. I waited till he turned around to look at him, now all I need to do is to think what I say to a cool face like that. I'll just say hi.\" Hi I'm Holly hills.\" Why did that Chirage kid have to ruin everything? Well at least I know his name. Greg. I think he already likes a girl because he had that I'm daydreaming about a girl I like look on his face. Great. Flashback end Maybe if I didn't call him Fregley I would be dating him. Flashback There's Greg. Play it cool Holly. Hi holly he said. Hi Fregley. Fregley, I called him Fregley! Out of all the boys in the school I chose Fregley. We just started becoming Friends. I don't think he likes me though as he passed the note to Patty. How can she not like him though. Back to Fregley problem, I can't follow it will make me look desperate. Next time I see him I'll apologise for the name mix up. Flashback end Please tell me I heard wrong, Greg and his girlfriend. I can't tell him. I'm not ready. Bryce's POV: Did Holly just go into daydream mode when sir said Gregs name? She must really miss him as they were so close. Wait she's back and she looks mad? That's not normal Holly. I've only seen her mad once and that was when I said I cheated on a test but it wasn't this bad. Ring! Ring! I got to get out of here, I don't want another broken leg. Holly's POV: I better tell Rowley he deserves to know. Sorry for the short chapter I just needed to update[Chapter 6] Diary of a wimpy kid stag union part 1 chapter 6 Holly's POV: Ring! Ring! oh good its lunch, I can tell Rowley. It's been a while since I talked to Rowley. I haven't talked to him since I found out about Greg moving away. Why did he have to move away? Now all I need to do is find Rowley. There I see him, he's on a table with Patty? I can't believe he sunk that low, at least it's not Fregley; wait he has just sat down. This is going to lower my social status. What have I turned into, I sound like Heather. This is what losing love does to me I hope I find love soon. I got to find out why he's sitting with Patty, Ii thought they hated each other. Why is Rowley looking at me with a confused look on his face? Rowley's POV: Sat down next to Patty today, as usual. Ever since Greg left I became best friends with Patty and surprisingly Fregley. Greg was right, he would bring my social status down however, he actually brought it up over time as he is less weird. He is now called a average kid. Greg was right though about getting class clown, he just forgot to check. Holly got in there for being the smartest, sportiest and prettiest. I haven't spoke to Holly in a while. Ever since Greg left we went our separate ways. I think Holly kind of liked Greg, I felt something between them change after the talent show. And I also saw Holly grab Greg's hand at Heather's, Holly's sister, sweet 16 party. I also saw the way she looked at Greg during the tennis lessons she gave him. Me and Patty pretended to mess up so we could watch what happened. Wait a minute, she's coming over here? Holly's POV: Rowley was so shocked to see me. Can't blame him though, I haven't talk to him in like a year now I think. I told Rowley I need to talk to him in my old upbeat voice which I haven't heard since Greg left. Turns out he was a bit mad at me because then he whispered/shouted(loud whisper) \" You talk to me now, after all this time. You left me with my best friends worst enemy. Just because Greg crus wanted to be your friend and then leaves doesn't mean we have to stop being friends. Does it?\" I apologized but all that was my mind was what did Rowley mean to say when he said \" crus\", what was the word he didn't finish? All I know is that it had something to do with me and Greg. I started daydreaming again but Rowley shock me out of it and asked what I wanted to talk about ? I then told him about in a really exited mode. I would be though, my crush is coming back. But he just stood there , with no expression on his face . He told me he knew but that as the reason we get a month of school. Come on ! I thought we could hang out and maybe get something to eat. Maybe even talk about heather's sweet 16 party. Guess not. I could just sneak into school, tell him to close his eyes, open his hand, put a note in there, kiss him and run. I won't put my name on the note or he will work it out. Great, I just remembered I'm staying at the country club which is 20 miles away from the school. My house is getting painted so me and my family are going to be there for a month. I do live in a mansion. I should just give up on Greg he already has a girlfriend who's perfect for him. I just don't get it. Why didn't he take his hand away and why was he behind me during the couples dance. He can't. Can he? Maybe he lik no he would of told me by now. I just realised, Trista is not a troubled student, last I heard from her was that she was top class. Not me top class but top class. I guess it's not just for troubled students. Well at least Gregs going out with a good girl and not a bad. Tell you the truth , I would rather he go out with no girl. Me being an acceptation of course. I just going to the bathroom to cry my heart out. Oh come back we need you, I need you. Rowley's POV: OMJ, oh my Joshie, Holly's crying. I got to talk to her, she's way nicer than Patty even though Patty is quite nice now. Darn it she went into the girls toilet! Why do girls always go in there to cry? Boys just go behind the bleachers or in the janitors closet. I tell Patty to go comfort her. She is a girl, a kind of mean one but a girl. Patty's POV: Fine I told Rowley and followed Holly. I asked what's up? And as a usual girl with a broken heart she said nothings up and she's fine. I looked at her and asked \"what's really up?\" She then said the most shocking that should never come out of a girl that pretty's mouth and it was \" I liked liked Greg, I still do. That's the reason why I didn't and I'm still not going to date anyone for 1 more year. Gregs back in a year. I just can't let him go, just check out my locker. Sometimes I just get lost in his deep brown eyes and…\" I cut her off then and there before I was going to puke. She then showed me her locker secretly and she was right, Greg everywhere. A lot from newspaper articles and some from the summer. But Greg and Trista, Yeah I remember her too, are a perfect match. I also saw a tiny dart board with Trista on it, let's just say there were a lot of holes. All I can say is good luck Holly, you will need it. She also told me not to tell anyone especially Rowley. She also asked why I was hanging around Rowley so much. I told her! Holly's POV: \" your dating Rowley!\" I shout so loud that people look and then I have to say I'm kidding, she doesn't want people to know. I ask when they started dating and she says \" ever since you caught me and Rowley kissing in the tennis courts cause we thought you and Greg were still changing.\" I nodded. I really should of worked that out. For someone so smart, I haven't been so observant. Patty just said something about the stag union people staying at the country club and Greg giving out a few tennis lessons. Perfect! I going to wear a disguise cause I really don't want Greg to realise that's it's me because then we will have to talk about Heather's sweet 16 party. It will get really awkward and my friend ship with him will disappear, well what's left of it. Greg and Trista will be in the next chapter[Chapter 7] Diary of a wimpy kid stag union part 1 chapter 7 Greg's POV: Its so good to be back here. I really missed this place. But I really missed some of my friends, some more than others… And the cool thing is, I'm here with my girlfriend. I can't believe I have a girlfriend and she is an Olympian too. But I am a tennis Olympian so it doesn't really matter. Holly taught me the basics and I progressed from there. Oh no! I just realised we're gonna have to talk about Heather's party. I better go talk to Rowley, I hope he hasn't moved, he always has great ideas. I wonder if him and Holly had stopped being friends when I left? I'll bring Trista along so I can show her off to him- I mean introduce them. Rowley's POV: OMJ I just realised, Greg's coming back today! Wait a minute, Holly's at my house and he's probably gonna come visit me. Oh no… I also heard he has a girlfriend and I saw Holly grab his hand at the party. Uh oh… Awkward! I'll just tell Holly to go to the country club when he arrives. Knock Knock! Holly's POV: Knock Knock! OMG that's gotta be Greg! I heard his voice. I heard a girl's voice too… Didn't sound like Susan, it sounded like- Dang it! Its Trista! I guess those threatening texts with me pretending to be –A didn't work. I better climb out the window- again . Ouch! I thought iu told Rowley to get me a ladder. Ill just run out from the side door. Greg and Trista holding hands! Gross, I need a bucket; kinda wish it was me- yeah just kinda, nothing more than kinda- hee hee hee. I'll just go to the country club. He's obviously not gonna go there. Not with Trista anyway. Trista's POV: I swear I just saw Holly Hills run past. I have to stop this love fest before it begins- again. I read three of his diaries and two of them were an=bout trying to get Holly Hills to like him. I tghink she likes him too because in his yellow diary it said at the end that she grabbed his hand. But I'm sure he can't still like her now. Its been a whole grade. He liked her in the seventh grade and now it's the ninth. He can't have a crush for that long, can he?[Chapter 8] Boring authors note Hi sorry i haven't been able to update i ages but i have been busy. i will try to update this story as soon as possible or when I'm back in the mood to write it. im not ditching the story just leaving for a while. And by the way i am not putting this up for adoption and i changed the name of the school because they are different schools, it also makes it easier to talk about a logo for the school. so bye[Chapter 9] Hi everyone sorry it took so long and I'm going to keep trying to update so I will try not to do a long time off the story.(I don't think that actually makes any sense) Diary of a wimpy kid: Stag Union part 1 chapter 8 Bryce's POV: Do you know the best thing about the country club? Holly Hills is there! She is the nicest, smartest , sportiest girl I have ever met but when ever I ask her out she always turn me down saying she wants to be friends. Rowley's her friend as a boy and I can be her boyfriend. She lays says no but I don't know why. I used to think it was because of that Greg kid but he's gone and she still turns me down. I heard he's back in town and is in the Olympics, and has a girlfriend thank god, but I hope Holly doesn't have a crush on him now or something. Now that would be bad because he is really good looking now almost as much as me-it doesn't help that he is an Olympian. Trista's POV: Rowley's is really nice but the person I'm worried about is Holly Hills; she's really nice but really pretty. She can get any boy she wants in a wink of the eye. Sometimes she does it by purpose but most times by accident. I can tell that Greg is happy to be back, bet Holly wouldn't be able to pick up on it! There's my ex boyfriend walking across the road walking to country club too I think. I really don't want him to see me because I said that when I'm back in town we could go on a date, I'm with Greg now and this kid likes to to get into lots of fights. Nothing good ever comes from this place, not since the accident! what Trista talking about to tell you guys the truth even i don't know what she's talking about. I would love some ideas for the next part of the story? Please review[Chapter 10] New chapter hope you people enjoy it Diary of a wimpy kid stag union chapter 9 Surprise POV: I just arrived at the country club, it's been a long time since I was here. You see my family moved away when I started the 8th grade and I had to just pack up and leave. I didn't get to say any goodbyes to any of my friends; the worst thing is I never got to tell this guy that I liked him. He was a bit younger than me by a few months and was one of my closest friends. The only person I got to say goodbye to was my ex-best friend I've known since kindergarten-who stopped talking to me when we started 6th grade. Oh my god ! is that who I think it is. It's the guy I used the like. He got even cuter in since I've seen him. No wonder all the girls like him. Knowing him he probably has a girlfriend who is like a model or something. I'm gonna call him over hopefully he hasn't forgotten me. \"Long time no see...\" Have any of you people guest who the person is? Knowing me I wouldn't have got it till I got the name of the person. Greg's POV: \"Long time no see...\" No way! Is that who I think it is? She changed her look I couldn't even recognise her if it wasn't for Rowley's whispering her name. Her hair has grown longer and she rid of the pink strip in it. \"Good to see you Angie\" I was gonna end it there but I thought why should I end it there. Angie's POV: I wonder who that girl next to Greg is. I can't be, Trista! I haven't seen her since the accident. No wonder she looks nervous to see, it's not her fault. I chose the hiding place and it was my plan not hers. Flashback: I love going paint balling, it's like the most fun I have had in years. Today I'm going to do the extreme course with this girl called Trista. She straight jet black that goes halfway down her back, her eyes are a dark shade of brown with a small sparkle in them, she has pink lips with almost perfect teeth. She around 5ft 3 and is skinny. She kinda looks like a older version of my second cousin. We are starting, hiding behind this bush while the everyone else is playing. Splat! We took 2 people from the yellow out at the same time. Splat! Splat! Splat! Yes a hat trick. Wait a minute why are 20 of them charged us. I told Trista to go get help while I hold them off. She ran as fast as she could. I hope they get here in time. I shooting in random places hoping I hit, you never know. Okay helps coming, splat! Yes that's already half of them out that's great. Trista's POV: Wait a minute they aren't from our paintball arena, they are uniform from that paintball arena that got closed down because 5 people got seriously hurt. ones aiming for Angie, I better take the out. Splat! I hit the tree behind them! I missed! Now he's taken aim towards Angie and he pressed the trigger. \"Angie!\" Angie's POV: \"Angie!\" I turn around to see. It all I see is a paintball inches away from my face. Next thing I know is that I'm on the floor. It hit my temple! The last thing I remember is the feint sound of a ambulance... Flashback ended I think Trista still thinks it's her fault because she missed the guy. So what if she missed the guy, it's more my fault than hers. I mimed it's not your fault to Trista. She mimed yes it is. \"Let's go to the country club guys\" At the country club Holly's POV: You gotta be kidding me. There at the country club too. Wait is that Angie? It is Angie! I haven't seen her since the paint balling accident. I'm the one who hit her. I didn't mean to but patty came up behind me and secretly pulled my trigger because patty has a grudge against her of something. I need to tell her so she knows I'm sorry and that I can hopefully get her forgiveness. I can't talk to them with Greg there because if I tell him I like him he is obviously going to rebuff my feelings, as they are celebrities that will get out to the press and the girls at school will bully me. With Angie there they will known that I took the shot, all of them would turn against me because I almost killed her. I got an idea, there are advantages about having an older sister. Heathers POV: Holly just told me her idea to talk to Angie because I am the only person, other that patty, that knows about the paintball accident. I became nicer to her after that. She wants to wear a wig or something like that so Greg won't recognise her. Why people call my sister smart I don't know. Can't she just talk to her when he's not around. She always has to come up with this big plan. The plan will start in the next chapter and please review or favourite. ","Summary":" This is my first story tell me if you like it. Diary of a wimpy kid Stag union no one's POV: Holly "},{"Movie":"Up","Title":"Up: Jenna's Adventure","Author":"Angelwings2002","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13002303","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: Prologue (Jenna's P.O.V) \"Hurry up or you'll be late!\" I urged my dad as he struggled to get his vest on and my three siblings out the door. \"Right, I need to get Marco and Xavier to fencing practice and Sofía to ballerina rehearsal. Then I have a meeting. You can handle dinner right?\" My dad asked frantically as my younger brothers and sister hopped in the car. \"Yes dad, I'll handle it. Just go and get take care of these three.\" I assured him as he got in the drivers seat. \"Okay, you take care of yourself.\" Dad said and pulled out of the drive way. I waved good bye and rushed back inside and grabbed my phone and a few books and headed to the backyard. Up one of the trees was a treehouse that I liked to hang out in when it's a few hoodies before a show, or day for a test. Just anytime I need a breather, I'll be up there. The main things there was a bean-bag chair and books. Lots and lots of books. I love to read to calm my nerves. It just brings me a whole new reality. Though the most time I spent here was with my mom, before she passed away due to cancer. Ever since then I took it upon myself to help my siblings. Yeah a little cliché, I know but that's what happened. \"Alone at last, with another book.\" I sighed and sat in the beanbag chair before cracking open a book, Robin Hood. I always admired the tale, the Disney version got me into it in the first place. I guess I liked the part with talking animals most. Go figure. Before I could finish the first chapter I noticed that it got really dark. I looked up and the heard what sounded like raindrops. I stood up quickly and then felt the whole treehouse shake violently. I knelt down and covered my head a few books and branches seemed to fall on me, but I ignored it and waited it out. Suddenly it all seem to stop as quickly as it started. \"Okay, that was weird...\" I muttered as I stood up. I crawled towards the entrance and felt something on my hand. I poked down and saw a spear that was about half my height and had a sharp arrow at the end. \"Where did this come from?\" I wondered and picked it up and the arrow glowed a soft white color and my hair stood on ends for a few seconds and I gasped as the color faded and the spear returned to normal. \"Whoa...I gotta call my friends.\" I said and picked up my phone. I was about to leave, and removed the curtain that cover the entrance and found to face with a cloud. \"What the heck!?\" I cried and backed away, completely baffled by the situation. I looked down at myself and saw that my clothes were different too. I was wearing a green tank top that had buttons in the front and khaki shorts, with hiking boots as well instead of my causal sweatshirt and comfy shorts. \"What the heck am I wearing?\" I muttered and felt my hair, which was now in a pony tail. \"Did the spear do this?\" I wondered and looked down at it again. Magic was not all that shocking to me since my friend Angela can waterbend, change into a mermaid, and travel to a different world! But this wasn't like anything she had described to me or my friend Ella. Before I could do anything with it I felt the floor boards beneath me start to crack and looked down at it. \"Oh no...\" I muttered the boards fell apart and I was falling to my certain doom. Gripping only the spear and my phone with me. \"AHHHHHHHHHHH WOAH, WOAH, WOAH!\" I cried as I plummeted to my doom. I was now heading into the unknown. Author's Note Heya! Welcome to Jumanji! Hehe I'm kidding, but Jenna's situation is slightly similar to that movie, and if you've seen that movie you know what I'm talking about. Also sorry the chapter is short, but they'll be longer ones soon. Trust me. Anyway, please read my other Pixar stories other wise is might get a bit confusing. Also, leave a review and tell me what you think so far![Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Meeting New Friends (Jenna's P.O.V) Well...I'm falling to my doom...not how I saw my day going. Not at all. The wind brushed past me as I plummeted towards the ground and I gazed at the spear once more and noticed I was heading into a forest. \"Uh no...AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!\" I cried as I fell through the trees and was pushed around like a rag-doll in the branches. \"Ow...ooof...ow...ow...ow!\" I cried and finally fell smack dab on the ground. \"Ow!\" I moaned and rubbed my head. \"Whoa...are you alright miss?\" A voice asked and I looked up and gasped. It was Russell...from the movie Up...wait a second... \"Uh yeah...just fell from the sky for some odd reason...\" I muttered and stood up. \"That doesn't sound normal.\" Another voice spoke and I turned to see Mr. Fredricksen. Welp, guess I'm in a Pixar movie now...SWEET! \"Yeah, well I'm used to 'not normal' stuff. My names Jenna.\" I said. \"Hi I'm Russell! And this is Kevin!\" I then turned and saw the giant bird looking down at me. She blinked a few times and I waved. \"Um, hello.\" I said. Kevin then bent her neck down and nuzzled me. \"She liked you!\" Russell said happily. I then turned my head up and saw the house that the two were connected too. \"Uh...I may have hit my head hard, but is that house floating?\" I asked, going with the flow. \"It's a long story.\" Russell whispered as I kept petting Kevin. \"Alright. Beat it! Vamoose! Scram!\" Mr. Fredricksen said and waved his cane around. Kevin just simply grabbed it with her beak and gulped it down. \"Hey that's mine!\" He cried and Kevin then spat it back up. \"Well that's something you don't see everyday.\" I said, holding back a laugh. \"Aaah! Shoo, shoo! Get out of here.\" Carl said, trying to shoo her away. She just mimicked him with her wings. \"Go on, beat it.\" He tried again, but Kevin refused to budge. Mr. Fredricksen then grumbled and threw is hands up in the air in frustration. Kevin mimicked this as well. \"Can we keep him? Please? I'll get the food for him, I'll walk him, I'll change his newspapers...\" Russel begged. \"No.\" The old man deadpanned and started walking away but Russell ran in front of him, I quickly followed behind. \"An Explorer is a friend to all, be it plants or fish or tiny mole.\" Russell recited proudly. \"That doesn't even rhyme.\" Mr. Fredricksen said. \"Oh come on, it was cute.\" I said. Russell then pointed to the roof of the house they were connected to. \"Hey, look! Kevin!\" He cried and we turned to see Kevin on top of 'Ellie'. \"What? Get down! You're not allowed up there!\" Mr. Fredricksen exclaimed. \"How'd Kevin even get up there so fast?\" I wondered out loud. Meanwhile Kevin swallowed a ballon and it popped in her throat, causing her to cough up a deflated balloon. Russell and I giggled. \"You come down here right now!\" Carl exclaimed again. Kevin jumped down and hid behind Russell and me. \"Aw it's okay Kevin. None of us will hurt you.\" I soothed and gave her a pat. \"Sheesh! Can you believe this, Ellie?\" Mr. Fredricksen sighed as he gazed at the floating house. \"Ellie?\" Russell asked and then got an idea. \"Uh, hey Ellie, could I keep the bird? Uh-huh. Uh-huh...She said for you to let me.\" Russell said proudly. \"But I told him no...\" Mr. Fredricksen said and caught himself. \"I told you no! N-O.\" He said sternly. Kevin just hissed at him. \"Oh forget it, we need to keep moving. Come on, and leave the bird behind!\" Mr. Fredricksen huffed and started moving and I got an idea. \"Um, can you hang on a sec, I'm gonna use the restroom...be right back.\" I said and backed into the bushes with my spear. I took my phone out and quickly dialed Angela's number. \"Pick up, pick up, pick up!\" I muttered. \"This is Angela Summer, please leave a message after the dolphin call!\" A recording said before a dolphin call sounded. \"Angela, it's Jenna. I've just been sent to Up. The actual Pixar movie. I could use some advice, I don't think I have a way home. Call me back please.\" I said and sent the message and dialed Ella's number. \"You've reached Ella, sorry I'm not with my phone right now. Leave a message!\" The same result as before. \"Ella, it's Jenna. I got sent to the Pixar movie Up and I need some help. Please reach Angela if you can.\" I said and sent the message. I hope that they get it soon. Checking my phone again I noticed that cell service was really bad here. \"Looks like I'm on my own.\" I sighed and put my phone back in my pocket. \"Jenna, you ready yet?\" Russell called back. \"Uh, comming!\" I replied and grabbed my spear and joined the others. Later we were walking through the mist and Russell used chocolate pieces to allow Kevin to follow us. I used my spear as a walking stick and gazed at my new surroundings. We were supposed to meet Dug, who was one of my favorite characters. \"I see you back there!\" Mr. Fredricksen called back and Kevin 'hid' behind a rock, still totally visible. \"Go on, get out of here. Shoo! Go annoy someone else for a while.\" He huffed and a three two one... \"Hey, are you okay over there?\" A distant voice of Dug asked. Kevin then dashed away in fear, knowing the truth about him. \"Uh, hello?\" Mr. Fredricksen asked cautiously and I held out my arm in front of Russell as an instinct to protect. We looked around and saw a figure of a man through the mist. \"Oh! Hello sir! Thank goodness.\" Mr. Fredricksen sighed in relief and we began walking towards the man. \"It's nice to know someone else is up here! At least someone who didn't fall out of the sky.\" He said, gesturing to me at the last part. \"Are you okay? I can smell you.\" Dug said causing us to halt. \"What? You can smell us?\" Mr. Fredricksen asked in confusion. \"I can smell you.\" Dug repeated. We walked closer to the 'man', only to see that it was simply a rock structure. \"Hey...\" Mr. Fredricksen said in shock. Russell and I giggled. \"You were talking to a rock.\" Russell laughed. \"That voice had to come from somewhere.\" I said, pretending to look around. Russell then went over to the other rocks. \"Hey, that one looks like a turtle!\" Russel pointed. He ran over to the next rock. \"Look at that one! That one looks like a dog!\" He pointed and Dug walked forward, wagging his tail happily. \"Ah, it is a dog!\" He gasped and raised his arms up nervously. \"What?\" Mr. Fredricksen asked in confusion. \"Awww, hello there.\" I cooed and knelt down, placing my spear on the ground and giving him a little nuzzle. \"Uh, we're not allowed to have dogs in my apartment.\" Russell said nervously. Dug then walked over to Russell and planned his head under the young Wilderness Explore's hand. \"Hey, I like dogs!\" He said happily and continued petting my favorite character. \"We have your dog!\" Carl called out and looked around. \"Wonder who he belongs to?\" He wondered aloud as I stood up and grabbed my spear. \"Well, he isn't a stray cause he has a collar.\" I said. \"Sit boy.\" Russell ordered and Dug obeyed. \"Hey look, he's trained! Shake!\" Russell said excitedly and held out his hand and Dug raised his paw for a shake. \"Uh-huh. Speak.\" Russel said. \"Hi there.\" Mr. Fredricksen and Russell gasped and froze in place I just gripped my spear and had my eye widened. I kept down the urge to laugh, that would give a little too much away. \"Did that dog just say 'hi there'?\" Mr. Fredricksen asked carefully. \"Oh yes.\" Dug said happily and caused Mr. Fredricksen to jump back in shock. \"My name is Dug. I have just met you and I love you.\" Dug introduced and jumped on Carl. \"Uh...Wha?\" The old man asked in complete shock. \"My master made me this collar. He is a good and smart master and he made me this collar so that I may talk...SQUIRREL!\" Dug paused to look at a tree and turned back to Carl. \"My master is good and smart.\" He continued. \"It's not possible.\" Mr. Fredricksen said, still in denial. \"Oh it is, because my master is smart.\" Dug said. \"Um, hi Dug, I'm Jenna and this is Russel and Mr. Fredricksen.\" I introduced and Dug then started sniffing around me. \"Ooh, a mistress. I like you too, you smell like roses.\" He said, sitting back down. \"Aww, thank you.\" I said as a gave him a pat on the head. \"Cool! What do these do, boy?\" Russell asked and he began to play with the dials on the collar, changing the languages Dug spoke. \"Hey would you-cuerdo con tigo-I use that collar-watashi wa hanashi ma-to talk with, I would be happy if you stopped.\" Dug said, voice returning to normal. \"Russell, don't touch that. It could be radioactive or something.\" Mr Fredricksen said. \"Actually it was just changing what language he spoke, 'cuerdo con tigo' means 'I agree with you' in Spanish.\" I explained as Dug sniffed the ground around us. \"I am a great tracker. My pack sent me on a special mission all by myself. Have you seen a bird? I want to find one and I have been on the scent. I am a great tracker, did I mention that?\" Dug explained and Kevin then tackled Dug done before hissing at the pup. \"Whoa, are you okay?\" I asked. \"Hey, that is the bird! I have never seen one up close but this is the bird.\" Dug said happily. \"May I take your bird back to camp as my prisoner?\" He asked Mr. Fredricksen. \"Yes! Take it! And on the way, learn how to bark like a real dog!\" Mr. Fredricksen huffed as we started to walk away. \"Oh I can bark!\" Dug said before actually barking. \"And here's howling!\" He then bowled as Kevin hissed at him again. \"Can we keep him? Please please please?\" Russell begged. \"Yes.\" I said without hesitation. \"No.\" Carl said at the same time I did. Russell seemed to only hear Mr. Fredricksen. \"But it's a talking dog!\" Russell exclaimed. Mr. Fredricksen grabbed him and started walking again. \"It's just a weird trick or something. Let's get to the falls.\" He huffed as we started moving again. \"It's actual more like science, and will you let the kid have the dog, he's friendly!\" I protested as I followed them. Well movie is going smoothly so far and I still don't know why I'm here. Or what my purpose here is. It's mostly been walking for an exterior long amount of time. Hey, wait a second...how come I'm not tired!? Author's Note: FORGIVE ME...I've left you all hanging for so long and I haven't updated in forever! I feel so bad! I've had a crazy busy week and visited some family. Geez it's been forever! Anyway hope you enjoyed this chapter and read my other Pixar stories if you haven't already! Also don't forget to leave a review! Crazycartoons5488: Jenna met everyone. Well not EVERYONE, but the main characters at least. She's gonna meet more crazy people. ;)[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: Tackle the Wild (Jenna's P.O.V) As we continued walking I kept thinking about the fact I was here. Angela had described how it felt to Ella and me a while ago, but it was still pretty weird. I sighed to myself as we kept walking when I heard some buzzing noises. \"Hi Alpha. Hey, your voice sounds funny.\" Dug whispered. Oh, it was this scene. I didn't turn around, cause I didn't want Dug to get in anymore trouble then he already was. \"I know, I know! Have you seen the bird?\" A squeaky voice replied. I held in a giggle, chipmunk voices are usually able to make the audience laugh. \"Why yes, the bird is my prisoner now.\" Dug answered. \"Yeah, right.\" Another dog scoffed. I believe it's name was Gamma. I then heard Kevin let out a hiss. \"Impossible! Where are you?!\" Alpha asked in shock. \"I am here with the bird and I will bring it back and then you will like me. Oh, gotta go.\" Dug said as Russell came over to him. \"Hey Dug, Who you talking to?\" He asked innocently. The collar was then shut off. \"Uh...no one that you need to worry about.\" Dug replied and Russell see,ed to let it go and we kept walking. \"Oh please oh please oh PLEASE be my prisoner!\" Dug begged, holding onto Kevin's leg. \"Dug, stop bothering Kevin!\" Russel yelled. \"That man there says I can take the bird and I love that man there like he is my master. And the girl who smells like roses is like a mistress.\" Dug said and Kevin hissed again. \"I am not your master!\" Carl shouted, turning around and contained walking. Kevin tried to shake Dug off her leg, but he jumped on her. \"I am warning you, once again, bird!\" Dug said in an almost serious voice. \"Hey! Quit it!\" Russel yelled. \"I am jumping on you now, bird.\" Dug said and Russell tried to separate them and pulled on Carl's tether. I then ran up to them. \"Hey, hey. You three stop acting like two year olds!\" I cried and plucked Russell off of the tackle and placed him down...huh...he was lighter than I thought. \"Russell! At this rate we'll never get to the falls!\" Carl huffed and pulled in the tether, it knocked Russell over and Carl fell. That caused the house to smash into a tall rock. He gasped and turned to us in anger. \"I am nobody's master, got it?\" He said and pointed his cane to Dug. \"I don't want you here.\" He added, pointing to Kevin. \" ...and I don't want you here.\" He said pointing to Russell. \"And you literally fell down into my life.\" Mr. Fredricksen said pointing to me. \"Okay, tone it down a little.\" I said, getting a little annoyed, but I was ignored. \"I'm stuck with you both. And if you two don't clear out of here by the time I count to three...\" Mr. Fredricksen continued and was cut off by Dug, who was focused on the tennis balls on the cane. \"A ball! Oh boy oh boy! A ball!\" Dug said happily. \"Ball?\" Mr. Fredricksen looked at his cane in realization and popped one off his cane. \"You want it boy? Huh? Huh? Yeah?\" He asked playfully. \"Oh oh oh! Yes, I do. I do ever so want the ball!\" Dug said happily, bouncing around in circles. \"Go get it!\" Carl said and threw the ball away and Dug chased after it. \"Oh boy, oh boy! I will get it and then bring it back!\" Dug called back and disappeared through the trees. \"Quick Russell, give me some chocolate.\" Carl whispered, holding his hand out. \"Why?\" Russell asked. \"Just give it to me!\" Mr. Fredricksen said and snatched some chocolate and waved it at Kevin. \"Bird. Bird!\" He called and threw the chocolate and Kevin ran after it. \"C'mon you two!\" Mr. Fredricksen urged and grabbed Russell and started running away. \"Wait. Wait, Mr. Fredricksen.\" Russell stuttered, not wanting to leave his friends behind. \"This isn't going to work, Dug's a good tracker.\" I reminded him, but event after h8m nonetheless. When we came to a mountain hill side, Mr. Fredricksen pulled us down a slope and slipped. In the tree tops the house smashed into a tree. \"Daah!\" Carl huffed in annoyance. In a stream Russel and Mr. Fredricksen were balancing on rocks. Mr. Fredricksen's foor slipped and went into the water. \"Aaahh...\" He groaned and I tossed my spear over the river. I backed up and ran towards the stream and jumped over it, like a dancer should. Russell clapped in awe and I bowed playfully before grabbing my spear again. \"What are we doing?\" Russell asked while we we're in the jungle. Mr. Fredricksen pushed through a few thick leaves as bugs buzzed around us. We soon came upon a steep hillside and was now climbing that. Mr. Fredricksen the fell over a dead branch. I helped him up and we continued. \"Hey, uh, we're pretty far now. Kevin's gonna miss me.\" Russel said, looking down at the jungle below us. We came on a mountain ridge and sat done of a rock. Mr. Fredricksen breathed heavily, catching his breath. \"I think that did the trick.\" He sighed and turned to see Dug, with a ball in his mouth. \"Hi master.\" Dug said happily. \"Afternoon.\" Carl replied. \"Good boy.\" I cooed and gave Dug a nuzzle. Kevin then appeared by Russel and honked. Dug placed the slobbery ball on Carl's lap. Later that night it was storming and we were under the house. I was sitting next to Russell and got a closer look at his sash and noticed one with music notes and dancing shoes. \"Hey Russell, where'd you get this badge?\" I asked and he glanced at the badge I was referring to before answering. \"Oh, that was our dancing badge. We learned how to ballroom dance.\" He replied and I burst out laughing. He gave me a funny look before I cleared my throat. \"Sorry, it's just that there are WAY more dances they could have used. Dancing isn't always about being proper. It's about having fun.\" I explained. \"Are you a dancer?\" Russell asked. \"Well, yeah I take dance classes, but anyone can dance...here, let me show you.\" I said and got out my phone. I searched the song Conga, by Gloria Esteban and gave it to Russel before standing up. \"Press play.\" I instructed, and Russell hesitated for a moment but pressed play and the music began. Come on, shake your body baby, Do the conga I know you can't control yourself any longer Come on, shake your body baby, Do the conga I know you can't control yourself any longer. (I began to dance happily, going in no particular order and just let my body move. I gestured for Russell to join me, and he put my phone down and ran over to join ,e as the next verse came on.) Come on, shake your body baby, Do the conga I know you can't control yourself any longer Feel the rhythm of the music getting stronger Don't you fight it till you've tried it Do the conga beat (I twirled around and noticed that Kevin was bobbing her head to the beat. Mr. Fredricksen noticed our activity and seemed to be interested as well. Dug gave out a howl and I grabbed Russell's hands and twirled him around.) Everybody gather 'round now Let your body feel the heat. Don't you worry if you can't dance Let the music move your feet. It's the rhythm of the island And like sugarcane, so sweet. If you want to do the conga You've got to listen to the beat. (I did I few jazz squares before gesturing to Mr. Fredricksen to join us. He shook his head and gave a hand gesture as if to say 'I'm good'. I rolled my eyes playfully and did a pirouette before the next verse.) Come on, shake your body baby, Do the conga I know you can't control yourself any longer Feel the rhythm of the music getting stronger Don't you fight it till you've tried it Do the conga beat Feel the fire of desire As you dance the night away. 'Cos tonight we're gonna party Till we see the break of day. Better get yourself together And hold on to what you got. Once the music hit your system There's no way you're gonna stop. (Russell laughed happily as we continued dancing. I could tell he was getting tired, but refused to stop until the sing was over. That's how dance class was for me sometimes. Dug ran around us, barking happily.) Come on, shake your body baby, Do the conga I know you can't control yourself any longer Feel the rhythm of the music getting stronger Don't you fight it till you've tried it Do the conga beat (Kevin flapped her wings and swayed her neck. I beamed happily and picked up Russell again and spun him around and he laughed happily.) Come on, shake your body baby, Do the conga I know you can't control yourself any longer Feel the rhythm of the music getting stronger Don't you fight it till you've tried it, Do the conga Come on, shake your body baby, Do the conga I know you can't control yourself any longer Feel the rhythm of the music getting stronger Don't you fight it till you've tried it Do the conga beat Come on, shake your body baby, Do the conga As the song ended I held my hands up high and Russell was breathing heavily. Though I could tell he was happy. \"That was even better then ballroom dancing!\" Russel said happily. I laughed and lowered my hands. \"Told ya. That's one of my favorite songs to dance to. We used it or warm up in my dance class...huh. There's roses outside my dance studio...\" I said and picked up my phone. Guess I knew why Dug said I smelled like roses. I didn't see any messages from my friend so I sent a quick text and turned my phone off and picked up my spear. Lightening flashed and I sat down staring at the campfire. Dug was now fast asleep around Kevin's leg. \"Well, thanks for keeping us dry anyway, Ellie.\" Mr. Fredricksen said as he gazed up at the house. \"Which one's the front?.\" I turned to Russell who was struggling with a tent. He looked at the manual. \"Is this step three, or step five?\" He wondered aloud, I grabbed my spear and went over to him. \"Uh, which one are you looking at?\" I asked as he struggled with a tent pole, trying to force it into place. \"There!\" He said I turned to Mr. Fredricksen with a shrug and heard a loud 'SMACK' and gasped turning to Russell. He had a red mark on his face and I bent down to make sure he was okay. He then walked over to Mr. Fredricksen. \"All done. That's for you!\" He said and gestured to the tent and one of the poles came loose and it was catapulted off the cliff. \"Awh. Tents are hard.\" Russell said and slumped on the log next to Mr. Fredricksen. I sat down next to Russell. \"Don't beat yourself up about it, that manual looked complicated.\" I said. \"Wait, aren't you 'Super Wilderness Guy?' With the GPM's and the badges?\" Mr. Fredricksen asked. \"Yeah, but...can I tell you guys a secret?\" Russell asked. \"No.\" Carl said. \"Yes, you can.\" I said at the same time. \"Alright, here goes. I never actually built a tent before. There, I said it.\" Russell blurted out. \"You've been camping before, haven't you?\" Mr. Fredricksen asked. \"Well, never outside.\" Russell said. \"Your troop hasn't gone on a camping trip with tents?\" I asked, Russell shook his head. \"Well, why didn't you ask your Dad how to build a tent?\" Carl asked and I flinched. \"I don't think he wants to talk about this stuff.\" Russell said. \"Why don't you try him sometime? Maybe he'll surprise you.\" Mr Fredricksen suggested. \"Well, he's away a lot. I don't see him much.\" Russell explained. \"He's got to be home sometime.\" Mr. Fredricksen said and I tried giving him the 'cut it out' signal. \"Well, I called, but Phyllis told me I bother him too much.\" Russell said. \"Phyllis? You call your own mother by her first name?\" Carl asked and I was now giving the giving the 'cut it out' sign more intensely. \"Phyllis isn't my mom.\" Russell said and Mr. Fredricksen's eyes widened in realization and I put my face in my hands to muffle the groan I let out. \"Oh.\" He said and we all just sat there silently watching the fire. \"But he promised he'd come to my Explorer ceremony to pin on my 'Assisting the Elderly badge', so he can show me about tents then right?\" Russell said with some optimism. Mr. Fredricksen and I glanced at each other and he looked at the spot on Russel's sash that was missing its badge. \"Hey, uh, why don't you get some sleep. Don't want to wake up the traveling flea circus.\" Mr. Fredricksen said and we turned to Dug, who was nuzzled around Kevin's leg. \"Mr. Fredricksen, Jenna, Dug says he wants to take Kevin prisoner. We have to protect him!\" Russell said determinedly. He then let out a yawn and rested on a rock next to Mr. Fredricksen. \"Can Kevin go with us?\" He asked. \"Alright. He can come.\" Mr. Fredricksen said. \"Promise you won't leave him?\" Russell asked. \"Yeah.\" Carl said. \"Cross your heart?\" Russell asked tiredly. Carl looked down at the young boy. \"Cross my heart.\" He replied and shook his head looking up at the house. \"What have I got myself into, Ellie?\" He asked I let out a yawn. \"Well, goodnight.\" I said and picked my spear and hit settled in my own spot on the ground and went to sleep. Cause this adventure had just begun. Author's Note Yay! Next chapter down. That scene with Russell and Jenna dancing was one of my favorite scenes to write. Is the first one I came up with for this story. I do not own Conga by Gloria Esteban. Though it's a great song and you all should look it up. As always please leave a review and I'll hopefully get the next chapter up soon. Crazycartoons5488: Thanks for the suggestion...but I'm afraid that just doesn't fit in with my story. Please understand.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: Questions and Villains (Jenna's P.O.V) Okay, this was a weird dream, but I've been transported to a Pixar movie so who am I to talk? I was in some sort of void and it was colored blueish. Spear in hand, I walked around and heard a familiar sound. Like clanking...where have I heard that before? \"Hi Jenna!\" I whipped my head around and pointed my spear, but I saw nothing. \"Hello? Whose there?\" I asked cautiously. \"Down here.\" I looked down and gasped at what I saw. \"Luxo?\" I asked. The lamp jumped up and down before giggling. Well I understood it as giggling. In reality all I heard was clicks and whistles, but I knew exactly what he was saying. \"That's me! And I'm here to help you.\" He said. \"Help me? How?\" I asked. \"I wanted to tell you that you're stronger than you think. You'll need to be strong for what's coming.\" Luxo explained vaguely. \"Wait, what's coming? Is it about Muntz?\" I asked then I felt the ground shift around me and Luxo looked up. \"You're waking up, I gotta go. Oh and remember the words 'extend' and 'retract'!\" Luxo added and hopped away. \"Luxo, wait I still have more questions!\" I called after him, but before I knew it I was awake. It was daylight out and Kevin was nowhere in sight. \"What did he mean?\" I muttered to myself and picked up my spear. \"I wonder...\" I stood up and twirled my spear around before raising it up. \"Extend.\" I said and waited for a moment, but nothing seem to happen. \"Retract?\" I said and the spear shrunk down and was about the size of a pencil. \"Whoa, this will come in handy.\" I said happily as I examined the tiny spear, and heard a frog starting to croak. Carl then smacked it like and alarm clock and it hopped away. He yawns and looked up towards the house. \"Morning Sweetheart.\" He said and looked at the house, noticing that the balloons were wilting. \"We better get moving.\" He said and stood up. \"I'm up, I'm up.\" I said quickly and yawned before putting my shrunken spear in my pocket. I quickly made sure my phone was there too, no new messages either...shoot. \"Huh. Bird's gone. Maybe Russell won't notice.\" Mr. Fredricksen said after scanning the camp. \"Oh he'll notice.\" I said all knowingly, but he ignored me. \"Alright, everybody up!\" He called out and Russell woke up with a snort. \"Where's Kevin? He's wandered off! Kevin! Dug, find Kevin!\" Russell said quickly. Dug then sniffed the ground trying to get Kevin's sent. \"Find the bird. Find the bird...POINT!\" Dug pointed at a few bushes and Russell looked up towards the house. \"Oh, look! There he is.\" Russell said and he pointed up. Dug noticed his mistake and turned around. \"POINT!\" He said and I gave him a pat. \"Good boy.\" I said and saw that Kevin had gathered a pile of food on the roof. \"Hey, that's my food! Get off my roof!\" Mr. Fredricksen exclaimed. \"Yes, get off of his...'roof'!\" Dug said, letting out an actual bark at the end, which I could help but giggle at. We then heard a cry out in the distance and Kevin called back. \"What is it doing?\" Mr. Fredricksen asked. \"The bird is calling to her babies.\" Dug explained. \"Her babies! Kevin's a girl?\" Russell realized in shock. \"Apparently, she is.\" I said. Kevin then gobbled up some of the food and leaped off the roof. \"Her house is over there in those twisty rocks.\" Dug explained and we all looked over to the rocks. We then heard the babies call from somewhere inside. \"She has been gathering food for her babies and must get back to them.\" Dug said and Kevin hugged Russell goodbye and gave me a nuzzle. She patted Mr. Fredricksen on the head and hissed at Dug. \"Wait, Kevin's just leaving? But you promised to protect her!\" Russell said. \"Her babies need her, we gotta make sure they're together.\" He urged and Kevin hurried towards the rocks. \"Sorry Russell. We've lost enough time already.\" Mr. Fredricksen said as he gathered up the hose he used as a tether. \"Yeah...\" Russell sighed. I placed a hand on his shoulder. \"Hey, Kevin's been in this rainforest a lot longer than we have. She knows her way around.\" I said. \"You're right...I'm just gonna miss her.\" He said and I hugged him and he hugged back. \"Hey, where'd your spear go?\" Russell asked. I flinched, I didn't know how to answer that. \"I'll tell you later.\" I said and Russell walked over to Mr. Fredricksen and chewed on some chocolate. \"This was her favorite chocolate. Because you sent her away, there's more for you.\" Russell said and held it up to him. Mr. Fredricksen simply rolled his eyes, sighing. We then heard some rustling in the leaves behind us. \"Huh?\" Carl asked in confusion. \"Kevin?\" Russell asked hopefully. \"I don't think so...\" I said and Beta and Gamma ran towards us. Both barking and growling angrily. I held Russell back as Mr. Fredricksen held up has cane defensively. Alpha appeared and glared at us the walked over to Dug, who was whimpering. \"Where's the bird? You said you had the bird.\" Alpha asked in a high pitched voice. I bit my tongue down to keep from laughing. \"Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Since I have said that, I can see how you would think that.\" Dug said. \"Where is it?\" Alpha asked with a growl. \"Uh, tomorrow. Come back tomorrow and then I will again have the bird. Yes.\" Dug said. Alpha just barked angrily. \"You lost it. Why do I not have a surprised feeling? Well, at least you now have lead us to the small mailman, the girl who smells like roses, and The One Who Smells of Prunes.\" Alpha said and looked up us. We all glanced at Dug, who lowered his head ashamed. \"Master will be most pleased we have found them, and will ask of them many questions.\" Alpha said and turned to us. \"Come.\" He ordered. \"Wait, we're not going with you. We're going to the falls!\" Mr. Fredricksen said and turned the other way, but Gamma and Beta stopped us and growled again. \"Get away from me! Get down!\" Mr. Fredricksen cried and we were lead the opposite way from the falls. I glanced up at the house, knowing Kevin was there, but kept my mouth shut. Alpha led us through a canyon and we noticed several dogs, who were patrolling the area. We stuck close together and Russell grabbed my hand. I held back as we continued through the mountains. We turned a bend and saw a giant cave opening. Sever.a more dogs stepped out of the cave. We stopped and more dogs appeared by our sides. There were just dogs everywhere. They started to growl and snarl as us, surrounding us and coming closer. \"Stay!\" A voice cried out and the dogs stopped in place. We then saw a figure appear for, the darkness we looked at us and to the floating house. I knew who that was, Charles Muntz. I hid my anger and fear though. \"You came here in that?\" He asked in a surprised voice. Mr. Fredricksen gave me a quick glance and I did a 'zipped lips' motion. I didn't want Muntz to know I fell out of the sky. He might become to suspicious. \"Uh...yeah.\" Mr. Fredricksen said. \"In a house? A floating house?\" Muntz then laughed and we started to awkwardly laugh along. \"That is the darndest thing I've ever seen! You're not after my bird, are you? But if you need to borrow a cup of sugar, I'd be happy to oblige!\" He joked and the dogs started laughing. \"Well, this is all a misunderstanding. My dogs made a mistake.\" Muntz said and came into the light and Mr. Fredricksen recognized him. \"Wait, are you Charles Muntz?!\" Carl asked. \"Well, yes.\" He admitted. \"The Charles Muntz?\" Carl asked again. \"Adventure is out there!\" Muntz said, giving a thumbs up. \"It's really him! That's Charles Muntz!\" Mr. Fredricksen said to Russell and I happily. \"It is?!\" Russell said exciting then frowned in confusion. \"Who's Charles Muntz?\" He asked. \"Him!\" Mr. Fredricksen said simply. \"He's a famous explorer.\" I quickly explained to Russell. \"Yes! It is him! He is!\" A few dogs exclaimed with glee. Mr. Fredricksen then walked over to Muntz and shook his hand. \"I'm Carl Fredricksen. My wife and I, we were your biggest fans!\" He introduced. \"Well, you're a man of good taste!\" Muntz said very pleased. The two laughed at his joke. \"You must be tired. Hungry?\" Muntz asked. \"Uh-huh.\" Russell said. \"It's been a long couple of days.\" I added. \"Attention everyone! These people are no longer intruders. They are our guests.\" Muntz announced to his dogs, and they cheered. \"Follow me! I like you temporarily. You do smell like prunes. I will not bite you.\" Several dogs greeted. We followed Muntz into the cave I stared at it in awe. It was impressive. \"Wow.\" Carl said happily. \"Yeah, impressive.\" I said as we stared at the 'Spirt of Adventure' that was parked in the cave. \"I'm sorry about the dogs, hope they weren't too rough on you.\" Muntz said. \"We weren't!\" Gamma said and I giggled. \"Go ahead and moor your airship right next to mine.\" Muntz said. Russell and Carl the tied the house on a pylon. \"We're not actually going inside the 'Spirit of Adventure' itself?!\" Carl asked. \"Oh. Would you like to?\" Muntz asked. \"Would I?!\" Carl let out a happy giggle as we made it the ramp. \"Wait up Mr. Muntz!\" Carl called out and we all climbed up the ramp. Russell pulled me along so I wasn't able to see Dug get the 'Cone of Shame', not that I wanted to. \"Jiminy Cricket.\" Carl muttered as we went into the blimp. I sighed to myself. Muntz has sadly lost his way and if the movie continued the way it should, well I would have to be ready for what comes next... I hope. Author's Note: Okay, all done this chapter! Hope you all enjoyed it. I know it's not that long, but if I went any further I would be afraid it would be to long, if you know what I mean. Please leave a review and let me know what you think. Side note, I'll be going away to the beach for a while and I'm not sure how good the WiFi is going to be. So I might not be able to update, but I'll keep writing. So keep that in mind. Crazycartoons5488: I'm sorry, but I will not be taking requests especially since I've already started. Please consider writing your own story.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5: Surprising Discoveries (Jenna's P.O.V) I gotta say, the 'Spirt of Adventure' is a lot more impressive in real life then it was on a screen. It had a whole bunch of artifacts, stuffed creatures and huge skeletons. Several dogs were dusting or polishing them as we walked past. \"Most of the collection is housed in the world's top museums: New York, Munich, London.`Course I kept the best for myself.\" Muntz joked. \"Did you ever! Will you look at that?\" Mr. Fredricksen said and gazed at on of the creatures. \"Oh yes, the Arsinoitherium. Beast charged while I was brushing my teeth. Used my shaving kit to bring him down.\" Muntz explained. \"That must have been quite a day.\" I commented as a dog approached with a menu in its mouth. \"Oh, surprise me.\" Muntz said waving it off. \"Only way to get it out of Ethiopia at the time was to have it declared as 'dental equipment'!\" Muntz continued and I couldn't help but notice a few dogs nibble on the bones. \"Oh, I'm sorry miss, did you want anything?\" Muntz asked, and I turned towards him. \"Hm? Oh no thank you, I'm much to young to drink.\" I said, happily declining. \"Responsible girl, I like that.\" Muntz said sincerely. \"Oh my gosh, the Giant Somalian Leopard Tortoise!\" Mr. Fredricksen said in excitement. \"Oh, you recognize it? I'm impressed! That's an interesting story there...\" Muntz said as a dog approached with a bottle of champagne in his mouth. \"Hm, excellent choice.\" He said and turned to Carl. \"I found it on safari with Roosevelt.\" Muntz explained as two dogs pulled the cork from the bottle and sloppily poured two glasses. I could help but giggle. \"He and I fell into a habit of playing gin rummy in the evenings. And did he cheat? Oh, he was horrible!\" Muntz and Carl laughed then Alpha came up to us. \"Master, dinner is ready.\" He said in his high pitched voice. \"Oh dear, broken translator. It's that loose wire again.\" Muntz sighed and walked over to fix the wire. \"There you go big fella.\" He said. \"Thank you Master.\" Alpha said in a more menacing voice. Which made sense, being an Alpha he probably had to be more intimidating then others. \"I liked his other voice.\" Russell said and gripped my hand, I squeezed it back. Making sure he felt safe. Muntz was oblivious to the tension and laughed, letting Alpha. \"Well, dinner is served! Right this way.\" Muntz then directed us towards the dining room. \"So how are things stateside? Almost tempted to go back a few times, but I have unfinished work here...Please.\" Muntz said and the digs pulled back the chairs for us and we sat down. A dog politely put a napkin on my lap and I smiled. \"Thank you.\" I said and gave him a pat. \"I hope you're hungry because Epsilon is the finest chef I've ever had.\" Muntz said proudly. Some dogs brought out plates that had covers and removed them all at once. I'm honestly not sure why type of meal it was, but it smelled delicious. \"Oh, Epsilon, you've done it again!\" Muntz said happily. \"Yes!\" Russell cried, seeing that he got a hot dog. I noticed a dog trying to snag a bite, but I pushed him down. \"Don't even thing about it.\" I warned, though I realized that I was barely putting any weight on him, but he seemed to be trapped. Huh...strange...on the bright side, Russell got his food. \"Oh my Ellie would have loved all this. You know, it's because of you she had this dream to come down here and live by Paradise Falls.\" Mr. Fredricksen explained and gestured to his house, that was just in the view of the nearby window. \"I'm honored. And now you've made it!\" Muntz said. \"You're sure we're not a bother? I'd hate to impose.\" Mr. Fredricksen asked. \"No no! It's a pleasure to have guests, a real treat.\" Muntz insisted. Suddenly the digs erupted in excitement. \"Treat?! Treat! I want a treat!\" They exclaimed happily. I gasped as a dog bumped into my seat. Thankfully I wasn't hurt. \"No no, quiet! Calm down. Calm down...\" Muntz ordered. \"You should see my siblings on Taco night.\" I said, after making sure the dogs didn't swipe at Russell's food. \"Shouldn't've used that word...Having guests is a delight.\" Muntz pounded on the table and the digs quieted down instantly. \"More often I get thieves, come to steal what's rightfully mine.\" Muntz continued. \"No!\" Carl gasped. Muntz picked up a lantern and walked towards the back of the room. \"They called me a fraud, those...dah! But once I bring back this creature, my name will be cleared.\" Muntz said in determination. His lantern's light then turned to several photographs, drawings, and even samples of feathers. All leading up to the giant skeleton. \"Beautiful, isn't it? I've spent a lifetime tracking it. Sometimes years go by between sightings...I've tried to smoke it out of that deathly labyrinth where it lives...Can't go in after it. Once in, there's no way out. Lost so many dogs...And here they come, these bandits, and think the bird is theirs to take! But they soon find that this mountain is a very dangerous place.\" Muntz monologued. I couldn't help but feel fear as I listened to him, cause up until now, I saw this man as a made up character on a screen. Someone that wasn't real or able to harm me or anyone. That's all different now...this was real...this man was now a threat to me, I could get hurt...or worse. \"Hey, that looks like Kevin!\" Russell piped up, no noticing the skeleton. \"Who's Kevin?\" Muntz asked, though it sounded more like a demand. \"That's my new giant bird pet. I trained it to follow us.\" Russell explained. Muntz and Alpha exchange a look. \"Follow you? Impossible. How?\" Muntz asked. \"She likes chocolate.\" Russell said and held up a bar of the candy. \"Chocolate?\" Muntz asked in disbelief. \"Yeah, I gave her some of my chocolate. She goes ga-ga for it.\" Russell explained. \"Russell...not now.\" I said in a hushed tone. Carl then swiped the chocolate from Russell's hands and stuffed it in his pocket. \"But it ran off! It's gone now.\" He said quickly. Muntz stared at us for a moment. He then walked over to a table that had several flight helmets. \"You know, Carl. These people who pass through here, they all tell pretty good stories. A 'surveyor' making a map.\" Muntz said and used his cane to kick a helmet off the table and roll across the floor. \"A 'botanist' cataloguing plants.\" Down went another helmet and Muntz picked up a third and showed it to us. \"An old man taking his house to Paradise Falls.\" Muntz dropped the helmet and it rolled to Carl's feet. \"That's the best one yet. I can't wait to hear how it ends.\" Muntz said, I shuddered slightly, hoping that he couldn't see I was afraid. Mr. Fredricksen then glanced at the window and, no doubt about it, saw Kevin. \"Well! It's been a wonderful evening, but we'd better be going.\" Carl said and quickly stood up, grabbing both Russell and me from the table. \"Oh, you're not leaving?\" Muntz asked. \"We don't want to take advantage of your hospitality. Come on you two.\" Mr. Fredricksen said and we hurried to the door. \"But we haven't even had dessert yet.\" Russell protested. \"We don't need dessert.\" I said as Muntz came slowly towards us. I reached my hand in my pocket and felt my spear. \"No, the boy's right. You haven't had dessert. Epsilon here makes a delicious Cherries Jubilee.\" Muntz said and I then stood in front of Carl. \"Oh, you really must stay. I insist! We have so much more to talk about!\" Muntz said and a distant wailed was heard. \"Kevin?\" Russell asked and Muntz looked at the window. Mr. Fredricksen quickly dragged us through the door and we rushed out of the blimp as fast as we could. Once we were down by the house, the two untied the house form the pylon. \"Hurry!\" Carl urged. \"I am hurrying!\" Russel cried and we saw the dogs running down the ramp. \"They're coming!\" He said and we ran towards the cave opening, but several dogs were blocking the exit. \"Master, over here!\" We turned and saw Dug near a different tunnel opening and we rushed towards him. \"Move, move, move, move!\" I cried as we rushed towards Dug. We made it to a steep incline and had no choice but to jump. Russell and Mr. Fredricksen went first and I backed up and held my spear tightly. \"Extend!\" My spear got to full height and I catapulted off the incline and landed heavily. Literally...I caused an actual crater. Though I didn't have much time to think about it, cause the dogs were closing in fast. \"Go toward the light, master!\" Dug called after us and we kept running. Kevin them swooped down and picked up Russell and Mr. Fredricksen on her back. I was right next to her. We were running side by side...whoa...the average human speed shouldn't be nearly as fast as her...and I didn't feel tired. If anything I felt like running even further. This has been happening for a while. I didn't get exhausted when we were hiking for several hours. Even if I didn't refuel as much. Heck, I jumped a whole river without a second thought. Wait...that light...the one that appeared the moment I touched the spear...it was magic. I changed clothes when I touched it, but that wasn't the only thing that changed. Luxo was right, I am stronger then I think...I have powers! \"Russell!\" I snapped my head up and realized that he fell of Kevin. I quickly turned around and picked him up, with my right hand while my spear was in the left, and started running back to Kevin. I saw that Alpha was biting at my heels and whacked him away. Mr. Fredricksen did the same to several dogs who were closing in on him and Kevin. \"Get back!\" He cried and used his cane to hit them. Suddenly, several rocks started falling and caused the digs to freeze in place. I placed Russell back on Kevin and saw Dug above us. \"Go on Master! I will stop the dogs!l Dug called after us. \"Good dog!\" I cried up to him as we got away, but we weren't in he clear yet. We still had to cross the rocks. Kevin jumped on them and Russell swung off. I quickly jumped after them, my new strength allowed me to jump after them. \"Revert!\" I ordered and my spear shrunk down, I pocketed it and grabbed Russell up arms. \"Hang on!\" I called and we managed to get to the other side. I placed him back on Kevin. Dug managed to catch up with us and we soon came upon a cliff edge. With a river with rushing water about 100 feet below us. \"Hang on to Kevin!\" Russell cried and Carl snatched up Dug. I quickly took out my spear. \"Extend.\" I ordered and once my spear went to normal size I catapulted my self across and landed safely. Kevin quickly followed suit, but Alpha bite her leg and she cried out in pain. She shook the dog off and Alpha fell in the river below. They all crashed to me, but we're okay. \"Kevin!\" Russell cried and ran over to his bird friend. She tried to stand, but collapsed in pain. Russell quickly bandaged her wounded leg and I petted her softly. \"Don't worry, we got you.\" I soothed. A faint wail from Kevin's babies was heard, and Kevin called back to them and tried to stand, but she fell back down. \"No no no! Kevin! Stay down.\" Russell said and turned to Mr. Fredricksen. \"She's hurt real bad. Can't we help her get home?\" Russell asked. Carl looked at Kevin's wounds, the rock home, and to his house. \"Alright. But we've got to hurry.\" He said. \"Then let's get to it.\" I said in determination. Author's Note: Another chapter completed! Yay! Sorry that took a while, but it's done! Hope you enjoyed the reveal of Jenna's power. Enhanced strength and speed! Yeah I was sorta hinting at it, but not too much it gave it away...anyway, as always I hope you enjoyed the chapter and please leave a review! Crazycartoons5488: Sorry, no spying for Jenna...but glad your excited to see what's next.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6: Recovery...or not (Jenna's P.O.V) Well, this has been an eventful, day. I'm lucky I still have my phone with me. We all trudged along the path to the rocks and I sighed heavily. I've never run like that before, it was both exciting and a bit scary. \"So...Jenna...how'd you do that?\" Russell asked. \"Do what?\" I asked back. \"Make your spear shrink and grow like that, and you kept up with Kevin when you were running, it was amazing!\" Russell exclaimed. \"Well, I'm still figuring that stuff out, but I'm pretty sure it's magic...I'll explained everything later, I promise.\" I said. Russell nodded thoughtfully and we hid behind a tree as Dug looked over a landscape and sniffed. \"See anything?\" Mr. Fredricksen asked, peeking from behind a tree. \"No, my pack is not following us! Boy they are dumb.\" Dug said as he ran back to us. Russell and Mr. Fredricksen dragged the house behind them from the tree canopy. \"This is crazy. I finally meet my childhood hero and he's trying to kill us! What a joke.\" Carl huffed. \"Be glad we got out of there. I guess being alone for several years made him lose his sanity, and humanity.\" I sighed. \"Hey, I know a joke. A squirrel walks up to a tree and says I forgot to store acorns for winter and now I am dead. Ha! It is funny because the squirrel gets dead.\" Dug said. \"Good joke Dug.\" I said simply as the boys pulled the house from behind the trees. \"Careful Russell.\" Mr. Fredricksen said. The house then bumped into a tree and Kevin flinched at the impact. \"You okay, Kevin?\" Russell asked, Kevin simply laid back down. The hound wilderness explorer gazed to her wounded leg. \"You know what, Mr. Fredricksen? The wilderness isn't quite what I expected.\" Russell admitted. \"Yeah? How so?\" Mr. Fredricksen asked. \"It's kinda...wild. I mean, it's not how they made it sound in my book.\" Russell explained. \"Hmm, get used to that, kid.\" Mr. Fredricksen said. \"That's the circle of life for ya. Though, to be fair, I don't think the author of the books you read would have thought of a man hunting down a mysterious bird.\" I said as we contained walking. \"My dad made it sound so easy. He's really good at camping, and how to make fire from rocks and stuff. He used to come to all my Sweatlodge meetings.\" Russell said and smiled at the thought before continuing. \"And afterwards we'd go get ice cream at Fentons. I always get chocolate and he gets butter-brickle. Then we'd sit on this one curb, right outside, and I'll count all the blue cars and he counts all the red ones, and whoever gets the most, wins. I like that curb.\" Russell said happily. \"That sounds very nice.\" I commented and he looked up at Carl and me. \"That might sound boring, but I think the boring stuff is the stuff I remember the most.\" Russell said. We then walked in silence, I could tell Mr. Fredricksen understood what Russell meant. I then heard the baby birds call out in the distance. Kevin called back to them. \"Look, there it is!\" Russell said happily. I gazed at the labyrinth, happy we finally made it. Russell tries to run over, but the tether pulled him back. \"Hold on Russell, stand still!\" Carl laughed as he unclipped the tether and tied the hose to a tree. Russell and I quickly helped Kevin off the porch. We made our way towards Kevin's home. She ran far ahead, hearing the sound of her babies giving her strength. \"Look at that bird go! Wait up, you overgrown chicken!\" Carl laughed. \"That's it, go Kevin! Go find your babies!\" Russell urged. I then turned around and gasped. Muntz's blimp was right above us. \"Oh no! It's Muntz!\" I exclaimed and a spotlight was turned on. \"Run Kevin! Run!\" Russel cried. Kevin made a break for the rocks, but a met was shot out and captured her. She called out in fear. \"Oh no!\" Russell cried and saw that the net was caught in a rock. We quickly ran over to help her. \"Russell, give me your knife!\" Mr. Fredricksen cried and Russell handed him his knife. I used my spear to cut the net as he did the same with the knife. \"Get away from my bird!\" Muntz cried. I glared as he walked down from his blimp with several dogs. \"How about no! She's not your bird!\" I exclaimed. A group of dogs dragged the house forward. Muntz then hurled his lantern and flames burst to life underneath the house. The heat caused several balloons to pop, and the house lowered into the fire. \"No!\" Carl panicked and rushed towards the house, dropping the knife. I tried to cut the remains of the net but several dogs swarmed us and I lost the grip of my spear. \"Ow, hey!\" I cried as the dog grabbed the net. \"No!\" Russell wailed as Carl pulled his house out of the flames. Kevin called out as she was dragged into the blimp. Muntz followed them happily. \"Careful. We want her in good shape for my return.\" Muntz ordered. \"Let her go! Stop!\" Russell cried but he was too late. The blimp took off. \"Kevin!\" Russell yelled out. I stared at the sky and picked up my spear. \"Retract.\" I ordered and it shrunk down as I walked over to Russell. \"I'm so sorry...I lost my focus...\" I said and placed a hand on his shoulder. We turned to Carl who had extinguished the flames with his jacket. He was now collapsed by the side of the house. \"You gave away Kevin. You just gave her away.\" Russell said sadly. \"This is none of my concern. I didn't ask for any of this!\" He exclaimed. I was taken aback slightly. \"Master, it's alright.\" Dug said, walking up to him. Carl whipped his head around angrily. \"I am not your master! And if you hadn't a shown up, none of this would have happened! Bad dog! BAD DOG!\" He yelled and Dug slinked off with his tails between his legs. I glared at Mr. Fredricksen. \"Hey, just because you're upset, doesn't mean you get to take it out on others!\" I spat, though I was ignored. \"Now, whether you assist me or not, I am going to Paradise Falls if it kills me.\" Carl said as he pulled on the harness. I quickly checked my phone for messages, seeing none I picked up Russell and gave him a piggy back ride. Thanks to my new strength, and experience with my siblings, he didn't feel as heavy. We soon made it to the falls and Carl pulled it across the landscape. Russell's harness dragged along side, scaling the ground as he went. I trudged behind him slowly. Once it was morning we made it to the hillside and Carl dragged his house into place. We where finally at Paradise Falls. Russell gave me a pull pat and I lowered him on the ground. \"Thanks...\" He said and took of his sash as he walked to Carl. \"Here.\" He threw his sash on the ground angrily. \"I don't want this anymore.\" Russell then walked away and sat in a rock. Carl picked up the sash and walked inside the house. I watched him go and sat next to Russell. \"Hey, I'm so sorry about Kevin...but you shouldn't give up on being a Wilderness Explorer. You're a great one...\" I said. \"But a Wilderness Explore is supposed to be friends with nature, and Kevin is going to be separated from her babies because I wasn't fast enough...\" Russell moped. \"...I don't know what else I can tell you, but I'm sure Kevin would never blame you. Russell, you did everything you could to get her back home, you even bandaged her leg when she needed it.\" I said and Russell stared at me. \"Come here.\" I pulled him into a hug. He returned it. \"You are an amazing kid, never forget that.\" I said. \"Okay.\" Russell said simply. We let go and I looked towards the house. \"I'll talk to Mr. Fredricksen, maybe we can get this airborne again.\" I said and walked towards the house. When I walked in I saw Carl looking at the adventure book. \"Hey.\" I said and he turned to me. \"Oh, Jenna...hi.\" He said, we stood in silence for a moment and I walked over and noticed a picture of him and Ellie. \"Is that Ellie?\" I asked. \"Yeah, she always wanted to come here.\" Carl explained. He turned a page and saw it was a note that read: 'Thanks for the adventure. Now go have a new one! Love, Ellie' We both smiled at that and I felt tears well up in my eyes. Carl noticed and his smile dipped. \"Are you alright?\" He asked and I wiped my tears away, but they kept coming. \"I lost my mother...\" I admitted and hiccuped slightly. \"She was a lot like Ellie and loved adventures. But now...I just miss her so much...I've tried to help my father raise my younger siblings but...it's hard sometimes...\" I explained and took a breath and wiped my tears away. \"Jenna.\" I turned to Mr. Fredricksen. \"You're mom would be proud of you. After all you helped Russell and I through this...\" He stopped at the mention of Russell. \"Let go talk to him.\" I said. He nodded and crossed his head at Ellie's chair and we went out into the porch. \"Russell?\" Carl looked around for our friend, but he was nowhere to be seen, \"Russell, where are you?\" I asked and saw a shadow loom over us and we looked to the sky. Russell was tied to several balloons! Dang it, I forgot he did that! \"Russell!\" Mr. Fredricksen called and we ran towards him. \"What are you doing!?\" I asked in horror. \"I'm gonna help Kevin, even if you won't!\" He declared and used a leaf blower to fly off. \"No, Russell! No!\" Mr. Fredricksen cried as Russell disappeared from our line of view. \"Come on! We gotta follow him!\" I said and we ran to the house and attempted to lift it up. The house wouldn't budge and I groaned. \"The balloons can't lift it anymore. It's to heavy!\" I cried. Mr. Fredricksen then threw the porch chair off in anger and it landed with a thud. His eyes then lit up with an idea. \"Jenna, help me get everything out of this house!\" He said and I ran inside and up stairs and ran down with the bed. \"You got it.\" I winked and we quickly threw everything out the house. From furniture, to dishes, to photographs. Everything that wasn't nailed to the floor went. I even threw the fridge and oven out. Thank you super strength. Once we pushed everything out, the house started to lift up. \"Wahhoo!\" Mr. Fredricksen cried. \"Yes we did it!\" I exclaimed and in the distance I saw Carl and Ellie's chairs, side by side. Hang on Russell, we're coming! Author's Note: Yay! I finished this chapter! I hope I didn't keep you all waiting to much. So as always, I'd LOVE a review from anyone of you! They give me strength to finish! I'm serious please revise it means to much to me! Also please read my other Pixar Stories. Trust me it'll be important. ;) AmazingAvalorian (Guest): I'm glad you like Angela's stories. But I'm in no hurry to make a Nemo/O.C story. He is very young after all.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7: Rescue Mission: Saving My Friends (Jenna's P.O.V) Carl and I flew the house around and we were silent for a while. There was really not too much to talk about. We were planning on busting Russell and Kevin out, while trying not to die. How hard can it be? You know what forget I said that. There was then a knocking sound and our eyes went wide. \"Russell?\" Carl asked hopefully. We quickly ran to the front door and opened it. \"Dug!\" We cried, seeing the adorable pup was there. \"I was hiding under your porch because I love you. Can I stay?\" Dug asked. \"Can you stay? Well, you're my dog aren't you? And I'm your master!\" Carl said happily. Dug perked up and wagged his tail. \"You are my master?!\" Dug jumped on Carl, and gave him doggie kisses. \"Oh boy! Oh boy!\" He cried happily. I laughed and gave him a big hug. \"Good boy, Dug! You're a good boy!\" Carl laughed. We then all stood up. \"Okay Dug, we're going to save Russell and Kevin. Are you ready?\" I asked. \"I'm always ready! Let's go, let's go, let's go.\" Dug said and barked happily. \"Haha! Come on! We gotta hurry.\" Carl said and went back to steering the house. Later we caught up to the blimp and Carl steered us down to the cockpit. He then planned his cane on his back, so both of his hand were free. Then I heard screaming and remembered something very important...Russell was down there! \"Russell!\" Carl and I screamed, both terrified for Russell's safety. He quickly steered the house to the platform. We ran and grabbed the hose and honked it in the ramp rails. Carl and I slid down it like a zip line, him using his cane and me using my spear and Carl caught Russell from falling down the ramp. \"Mr. Fredricksen, Jenna!\" Russell cried happily. \"I swear if I was your mom I'd ground you. But I'm so glad your safe.\" I said happily. \"Dug! Bring`er over!\" Carl cried and Dug wicked the hose caddy, causing the house to be pulled closer to the blimp lamp. Carl quickly carried Russell into the house and I followed them in and hugged Russell as soon as Carl put him down. \"You came back for Kevin! Let's go get her!\" Russell exclaimed, still tied to the chair. \"Jenna and I are getting Kevin. You stay here.\" Carl said. \"But I want to help.\" Russell protested. \"I don't want your help. I want you safe.\" Carl said and he walked off. \"That goes for me too. You scared me mister. But I promise we'll get Kevin.\" I said and followed Carl and Dug onto the blimp. We soon came across a hallway and turned a corner, just to see dogs patrolling the area. We hid and I sighed. \"We can't take them out without letting know the whole party we're here.\" I whispered. \"How do we get past these dogs?\" Carl asked. \"Uh...point!\" Dug said and we looked at a grate that he gestured at. \"Well, better then getting chewed on.\" I shrugged and ordered my spear to retract. Dug lead Carl and I through the shaft and we even snuck past tow biplanes. We finally emerged through a grate that was near the ceiling and saw Kevin below us in a cage. \"Kevin!\" Carl and I exclaimed happily. Kevin looked up at us and cried out to us. \"Don't worry Kevin, we're on our way!\" Carl assured her, but Alpha then entered with a group of dogs. We ducked into the shadows, hoping that the6 wouldn't notice their unwelcome guests. \"Allow no one to be entering through these doors. Guard that bird well, my minions.\" Alpha ordered. \"What do we do now, Dug?\" Carl asked. \"Ask them politely, I'm sure they won't hesitate to hand her over.\" I whispered sarcastically. We turned to Dug, who was gnawing on a tennis ball that was on the end of Carl's cane. We looked at each other and smirked, having the same idea. Carl dropped down in the cage and banged his cane on it, catching the dogs attention. Once they all turned to him, Carl took a ball from his cane and waved it in the air. \"Who wants the ball?\" He asked playfully \"Me! I do! I want the ball!\" The dogs exclaimed excitedly. I had to cover my mouth from laughing. \"Then go get it!\" Carl said, throwing the ball, causing the dogs to run after it. I jumped down from the vent and Dug followed me. \"Nice work.\" I said happily. Carl then shut the door, trapping the dogs outside. He then opened the cage door for Kevin. \"I'm sorry Kevin. Let's get you out of here.\" Carl said and we quickly made our way out of the room and into the trophy room. \"Come on Kevin.\" Carl whispered. I then turned and whipped out my spear. \"Extend!\" I cried out and Muntz gasped and used his sword to block my attack. Dug ran over to me and bite Muntz in the leg, only to be kicked out the door and have it slammed shut on him. \"Hey! Leave him alone!\" I cried and twirled my spear around and attacked again. \"Don't think because you're a girl I'll go easy on you.\" Muntz growled. \"Really? I was about to say that about you.\" I retorted and blocked another one of his attacks. I quickly did a grapevine to the right and ducked from the sword and Carl came over and blocked the the sword. \"Jenna, guard Kevin!\" He said and I rushed over to the bird. The two men raised their weapons above their heads, only for both backs to crack. I held a hand over my mouth to keep from laughing. That was one of my favorite scenes. The two struggled to move, but Muntz freed his back first and kicked Carl in the chest. It knocked him into the trophy shelf. Muntz then throttled him with his arm and lifted his sword up. \"Any last words, Fredricksen? Come on, spit it out!\" Muntz said, bad choice of words. Carl spat out his actual false teeth into Muntz, who stumbled back. I winced slightly, it was a bit gross. Carl then collected his teeth and ran over to us. \"Come on!\" Carl urged, but Muntz attacked again. I did a quick spin on my leg and blocked his sword with my spear. \"I wouldn't do that.\" I warned. Muntz then went full on crazy and smashed any object that was in his way. \"Enough! I'm taking that bird back with me, alive or dead!\" Muntz vowed. \"Not today, not ever!\" I cried and knocked the spear out of his hand and punched him square in the face. That's something I normally wouldn't do to someone, but I had super strength, might as well use it. Suddenly the blimp started to rock to the side and I lost balance. Trophy cases slid after Muntz. The blimp the rolled to the over side. A trophy case his Carl and he was pushed out a window. I scrambled up and ran over. \"Give me your hand!\" I cried and Carl reach up his cane and I grabbed it. I pulled him up and into the blimp. With only one hand I might add. The blimp then adjusted to normal. \"You are one strong lady.\" Carl said. I blushed slightly. \"Aww, that's sweet.\" I said and we looked over to Kevin, getting back on track. \"Come on, Kevin!\" Carl said and we climbed on the side of the blimp. Normally I'd be terrified of heights, but I was too focused on helping my friends. I glanced down to see Muntz following us up. I quickened my pace. We then saw that Russell was hanging onto the hose of the house, not having much luck climbing up. Biplanes were also closing in. \"Russell!\" Carl and I yelled, catching his attention. We then gave the 'Wilderness Explorer Call'. \"You leave Mr. Fredricksen and Jenna alone!\" Russell cried and made his way up the hose. \"Yeah! Go Russell!\" I cheered. He seemed to do the famous 'Squirrel distraction scene' and I smiled happily. Muntz the grabbed Carl's foot but he used his cane to knock Muntz off the ladder. He caught the rung of the ladder, but we just kept climbing. We made it to the top and a trap door opened up. We gasped in fear, but Dug popped out. \"Dug!\" Carl exclaimed happily. \"You're okay!\" I said in relief. \"Master!\" Dug laughed and jumped on Carl, licking his face. Russell steered the house towards us and we ran over to meet it. \"Russell! Over here! Let's go!\" Carl called up to him and Russell moved the house closer to us. \"Mr. Fredricksen, Jenna!\" He cried happily. I smiled and waved to him as the house lowered on top of the blimp. Cale and I quickly helped Kevin onto the porch \"Come on Kevin.\" Mr. Fredricksen urged and one Kevin was up, we got Dug on the porch as well. Carl and I were about to climb up but...BAM! Muntz showed up with a rifle! He shot again and the bullet planted through several ballon strings. The house then fell onto the blimp, causing Carl and I to fall off. The house then started to slide of the edge. \"Noooooo!\" Carl and I cried. We the ran to the house and struggled to pull the house up. We managed to pull it a bit back up, but they had to get out of there. \"Russell! Get out of there!\" Carl cried. Russell, Dug and Kevin rushed to the exit, but we're stopped when Muntz shot the door jam. \"No, leave them alone!\" I yelled in anger, beating Carl to it. Muntz didn't pay attention, and kept his pursuit. Russell and the others duck inside and slam the door. The house then started to tilt forward. \"We need a plan right now!\" I cried as Muntz burst through the door. The hose caddy was gonna pop off any moment now! \"Russell, Hang on to Kevin! Don't let go of her!\" Jenna, keep holding the house!\" Carl ordered. \"I'm holding!\" I assured him as Russell and Dug clung onto Kevin. Muntz then entered the house and pointed his rifle at Kevin. \"Kevin, chocolate!\" Carl called, waving the birds favorite treat in the air. Kevin lunged for the food and burst through the window. Causing the rifle to be knocked out of Muntz's hands. Kevin burst through the window and landed safely with Russell and Dug. Muntz ran after them, but I let go of the hose. The caddy broke anyway. Balloon strings wrapped around Muntz's legs and he was dragged down. And with that, he was gone. We all sighed and slumped down on the blimp. \"Let's get Kevin home.\" I finally said, everyone agreed. \"That was cool!\" Russell exclaimed and we all laughed. \"Don't jerk around so much, kid!\" Carl said and we all headed down. \"Oh I am ready to not be up high.\" Dug commented and we all laughed even more. \"Sorry about your house, Mr. Fredricksen.\" Russell said, Carl simply smiled and put an arm around Russell and me. \"You know, it's just a house.\" He shrugged playfully. Later, back safely on the ground, Kevin was reunited with her three little ones, who were adorable. We all cuddled them happily and I was surprised just how soft they were. They were so cute! \"Ow! Ow! Ow!\" Carl said as a baby pecked him on the head. \"Look at you. You're so soft.\" Russell laughed. \"Who's a cutie? You're a cutie!\" I cooed playfully. Kevin then called out to her babies, signaling it was time to go. \"Awwww.\" We whined. Though we knew this was for the best. \"I wish I could keep one.\" Russell said as the babies rushed to their mom, one stopped to hiss at Dug. \"Huh, where's my cane? I just had it here...\" Carl said and looked around for it, only to see that Kevin had swallowed the cane and coughed it up, while her babies coughed up the tennis balls. \"Like mother, like sons...or daughters...I can't their genders.\" I laughed. \"You know what? Keep `em. A little gift from me to you.\" Carl said. The birds were about to entered the labyrinth, but a beam of light appeared behind us. I quickly got out my spear and stood in a fighting stance. \"What's the heck is that?\" Carl asked. \"I don't know.\" I said and two figures stumbled out. \"Ug...do you ever get used to that?\" \"Yeah...but I guess they're different when I travel to different realms then intended.\" I knew those voices. Tears weld up in my eyes and I ran over to them. \"Ella, Angela!\" I cried and they noticed me. \"Jenna!\" They exclaimed and we all did a group hug. \"You're here!\" I was so worried you didn't get my messages.\" I said and wiped my tears away. \"I got sent to Monsters Inc...long story. We came as soon as we could!\" Ella explained quickly. \"Wow...you too huh...oh, these are my friends.\" I said and brought the two over to Carl and Russell. \"Guys these are my new friends. Carl Fredricksen and Russell\" I introduced. \"Hi nice to meet you.\" Angela waved. \"Hello!\" Ella chirped. \"Nice to meet you as well.\" Carl said. \"Wait...do they have magic too?\" Russell asked. \"Too? You have magic?\" Angela asked and I showed her my spear. \"Yeah, magic spear and super strength. Long story.\" I explained. \"Wow...well we should get back home.\" I said. \"Oh right...uh...bye Kevin! Sorry they scared you.\" I called and Kevin gave one last call before she and her family disappeared. \"Bye Kevin!\" Russell waved. Then turned to me. \"Do you really have to go?\" He asked. \"Sorry Russell, but I gotta go back to my family. Like you guys do to yours. But something tells me that I'll be back.\" I said. \"We'll be waiting.\" Carl promised and Dug jumped on me. \"Kisses! You get big kisses.\" He said and licked me, I laughed. \"Stop it that tickles!\" I laughed and I gave all my new friends a hug. \"I'll miss you guys, but I will find a way to see you again. Cross my heart.\" I said and crossed my heart. \"See you soon!\" Russell said and Angela took her crowbar out, but I stopped her. \"Wait, let me try.\" I said and used my spear and made an X in the air. It then created a vortex, no doubt leading home. \"Ooh, great job!\" Ella said and I looked back one last time and waved to my friends. Then my friends and I stepped through the portal. Time to go home. Author's Note: One more, one more, one more! Oh my goodness I'm almost done this story!\" Happy dance time! Hope you all enjoyed this chapter. Sorry it took so long, school is taking over my life so it was crazy. Though the next chapter should be up soon! Omar Garcia Jr (Guest): I know that Jumanjii is not a Disney movie. I just made that reference cause I liked that movie. Anyway, I'm glad you enjoyed this, hope you keep reading![Chapter 8] Chapter 8: Epilogue (Jenna's P.O.V) Angela, Ella and I appeared in my treehouse and we all let out a sigh of relief. This has been one of the craziest days of my life. And considering the crazy dance rehearsals I had, it's saying something. Though Angela revealing that she was a mermaid is up there as well. \"Ah, home sweet home...well it's Jenna's home, but you see where I'm coming from.\" Ella said as we climbed down and I made sure to have my spear in it's smaller size. \"So Ella was actually able to reform Randall?\" I asked, after hearing about Ella's adventure. \"Yep, he's actually a sweet guy in the end. Like in the prequel.\" Ella explained happily. We trudged into my house and when I closed the door I realized something. \"Uh oh...what time is it!?\" I asked and Angela pulled out her mirror. \"5:35. Why?\" Angela asked. And now I panicked. \"Oh crap! I still have to make my family dinner! They're gonna be back in less than 30 minutes!\" I cried and started running around my kitchen and rummaged through the shelves. I was just looking for anything I could make in the short amount of time I had. \"Whoa...calm down! You just lived out a movie and survived a mad-man. Take a breath.\" Angela said and I stopped for a moment and took a big breath in and let it out. Then I opened the fridge and threw out a bag of tortillas, shredded cheese, chicken, sour cream and salsa. \"Okay, cheese quesadillas, they're simple and delicious...please help me.\" I pleaded and my two friends each gave me a thumbs up and we ran around my kitchen, occasionally dropping a fork or two, but we managed to get a plate full of warm quesadillas. \"Ah...finally...done...I'm gonna flop on the couch now.\" Ella moaned and she face planted into the couch. \"You know what's funny? We all traveled through at least one Pixar movie, makes you wonder what'll happen next.\" I said thoughtfully. Angela then rubbed her arm. \"Yeah about that...Jenna, did you happen to have a dream with Luxo Jr. talking to you?\" She asked. I stared at her. \"Uh...yeah why?\" I asked and Ella then sat up on the couch. \"Cause we both did too. I don't think this is a coincidence, I mean he's the Pixar mascot for crying out loud!\" She exclaimed and flailed her arms around. \"Maybe there's a pattern, when did you guys see him?\" I asked. \"I had a dream the night after I told you guys my secret. He just said something big was coming, and mentioned someone else, but I was waking up so I didn't get much time with him.\" Angela explained, fiddling with her crowbar. \"He appeared to me after I got home, said that it was a great thing I showed Randall some kindness and helped reform him...and yeah...\" Ella said, rubbing her arm awkwardly. \"I got a dream in the middle of my adventure, he explained how to use my spear, vaguely. Oh and did he seem...like a kid?\" I asked. \"YES!\" They both cried and laughed when the realized they said it in unison. \"That's exactly how he sounded. I mean maybe a 7 year old?\" Angela said. \"So...what do you think is going on?\" Ella asked. Before I could answer I saw my dads car pull up in the driveway. \"Uh, we should finish this later.\" I pointed to the window and Angela grabbed Ella's hand. \"We'll talk later! Don't follow us upstairs.\" She said quickly and they ran off. I heard a few clicks and a whoosh, which I assumed was magic, before my dad and siblings came in. \"Jenna!\" They cried and ran towards me. I gave them each a big squeeze, cause to me it felt like forever since I've seen them. \"Hey guys, have a fun day?\" I asked they nodded. \"Well, how about we all wind down and eat some...quesadillas!\" I said and gave jazz hands. They each gave me a wide eyed stare and ran to the kitchen. Sofía yelling 'me first' repeatedly. I smiled and turned to my dad how was looking at me. \"Um...how are you doing?\" I asked. Please don't ask me about Pixar movies, please don't ask me about Pixar movies. \"Sorry just, I don't remember that outfit.\" He said and I looked down at my clothes to see that I was still wearing the clothes I wore to Up. \"Oh...ha...yeah...neither did I until I rummaged through my drawer and tried them on to see if they fit...and I liked them so much I kept them on.\" I lied and nearly face-palmed. That was probably the lamest excuse ever. \"Hmmm, I know it sounds cliché, but you look more like you mother every day.\" He smiled and I hugged him. \"Thanks dad, now let's go get some dinner.\" I said and we went into the kitchen. My whole family oblivious to the fact I had a life changing experience that I could have gotten seriously hurt or worse. I'm just glad it was over. Though, something deep in my mind kept telling me that wasn't the case. I didn't know how wrong I would be. (Third Person) BAM! Charles Muntz landed on a solid ground, but it wasn't rock, just a flat surface in a dark room. He turned to see a figure standing in the shadows, he couldn't see his face. \"Whoever you are, beat it. I don't need you're help.\" Muntz spat as he struggled to stand up. \"That's awfully rude to say to someone who went out of their way to save you.\" The figure replied. Muntz just groaned and shrugged to stand up once more. The figure then bent down and held out his hand. \"Here, let me help you.\" He said simply. Muntz, having no other option, took the strangers hand and instantly felt like he wasn't in constant pain. Just like he was before he set off on his journey to redeem himself. He stood up in complete shock. \"I know your a man of science, but a little magic can go a long way.\" The stranger said casually. Muntz then noticed that he was holding some sort of trident with him. \"Who are you?\" He asked. His 'savior' Then stood out from the shadows. He seemed to be in his teenage years. He had black hair and wore a strange black pendant, that he assumed was the source of his magic. \"My name is Riptide. And like you I had dreams, but had my reputation ruined my someone. Perhaps you recognize one of her allies?\" Riptide then seemingly pulled out photos from thin air and handed it to Muntz. He stared at it and glared. \"Jenna...that girl...she helped Fredricksen escape with my bird...\" Muntz growled. \"Her friend, Angela, has been a thorn in my side, and I'm planning on stopping her. Though I can't do it on my own. So, how about a team up?\" Riptide asked. Muntz glanced at the photo again. \"What's in it for me?\" He asked. \"Hmm...fame, glory, oh and revenge of course.\" Riptide mused. \"Then by all means, let's get started.\" Muntz said and the two shook hands to seal the deal. \"Angela may have a few allies, but it seems I'm gaining ones she won't be able to handle.\" Riptide smirked. TO BE CONTINUED...on Incredibles 2: Mira's World Author's Note: DONE! *POPS CONFETTI* Yay! I'm so excited that I finished this Pixar Story. Now I can work on my Hidden Hero sequel! And I know a lot of people have been waiting for that. Don't worry! It's coming promise! Anyway, I hope you enjoyed this story as much as I did! Please read my other Pixar Fanfics if you haven't already. They'll be important, hence why there is a cliffhanger. Also, don't be shy to leave a review. Cause I would really love to see what you guys think! ","Summary":" Chapter 1: Prologue (Jenna's P.O.V) \"Hurry up or you'll be late!\" I urged my dad as he struggled "},{"Movie":"Diary of a Wimpy Kid","Title":"Diary of a wimpy teenager","Author":"hannibal1996","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10243171","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello and welcome. I hope you enjoy and please review. Thank you Lunalovegood4ever for your help and I do not own Diary of a wimpy kid. Diary of a wimpy teenager chapter 1: First day Greg had just relocated back home. He moved away three years ago because his mother Susan was offered a job at a magazine company. The whole family had gone with them but now they have relocated back home. Greg was getting ready to go to Crossland High School whilst Rodrick was getting ready to do nothing or job hunt as he called it. ''Just keep your head down and don't get noticed.'' Rodrick said. ''Not that different from middle school then?'' Greg asked. ''It really isn't.'' Rodrick replied as he started to eat his breakfast. Greg walked up to the school. It was different but all schools were the same. ''Nice to see you again.'' Rowley said. He patted Greg on the shoulder. ''You barely changed.'' Greg said. He was more or less the same but taller and better dressed, like Greg. ''Well the fat is more muscle now. I joined the football team. They didn't have wrestling.'' Rowley said. The two started to laugh. ''So what do I need to know?'' Greg asked. ''Remember Angie?'' Rowley asked. Greg started to think. ''Cute blonde. Didn't she have a pink strip?'' Greg asked. ''Thats her. Well she is here along with Chirag, Patty and Holly.'' Rowley said smiling. ''Well Holly being here is good but Patty.'' Greg said. He was not excited about Patty. ''Don't worry she is running for school president but she has no hope.'' Rowley said laughing. ''Why not?'' Greg asked. He was genuinely curious to why she would not win. She was always very competitive. ''Guy from the newspaper pretty much has it in the bag.'' Rowley explained. ''What does Holly do around here?'' Greg asked and Rowly just smiled. ''This and that but mainly Tennis.'' Rowley explained. ''Alright. I hate the fact that I am terrible.'' Greg said and the two laughed. ''Oh yeah, still clicks.'' Rowley said as he clicked his wrist. ''I'm still sorry about that.'' Greg apologised. He remembered when it happened. ''It was in the past. We better head to our forms.'' Rowley said as the bell went off. Greg had spent the morning with Rowley. They had the same lessons which was good but now it was lunchtime. ''So what do you do?'' Greg asked. ''Well I'm off for Football practise. Go to the newspaper room, I think Angie wants to see you.'' Rowley said. ''What about Holly?'' Greg asked. Rowley laughed. ''Just go. I think Chirag and Fregley go there. You need to see Fregley.'' Rowley said as he ran off. Greg walked into the newspaper room. It was just a row of computers. The room was loud because of all the typing and it was boiling in there. The windows were open but the computers were constantly on. ''Hey Greg. It has been way too long.'' Angie said as she walked up to him. She looked more or less the same but just older and more retro. ''It really has. I've been busy though.'' Greg said as the two hugged. ''I heard. How is this all going?'' Greg asked. Angie took a photo of him. ''Just fine. We have been busy with the election.'' Angie said. Greg looked at several posters. ''Yeah I hear about this. How is it going?'' Greg asked. ''Yeah it going alright.'' Angie said. They had several posters up and a box of badges. ''I would run but you know I get a landslide victory.'' Greg said and Angie laughed. ''Well I should be glad you are not running.'' A guy said. Greg turned around to reveal a dark brown haired man. He was wearing a campaign T-shirt and hat. He looked a little sun burnt. ''Here is our candidate who cannot stay out in the sun for longer than five minutes without burning up.'' Chirag said. He was still ridiculously small for his age. ''Well put.'' Angie said. ''Nice seeing you Chirag.'' Greg said. ''We are going up against Patty Farrell. I'm confident we can do this.'' The guy said. Greg read the posters and badges. His name was Matthew Westrip. ''Its nice to meet you.'' Greg said. ''The pleasure is mine.'' Matthew replied. The two shook hands. ''So how do you pay for all this?'' Greg asked. ''We have a sponsor who supports us.'' Fregley said. He was well dressed and clean. ''That is very weird.'' Greg said as he looked in shock at Fregley. ''John its boiling why do you wear all black?'' Angie asked. ''It makes me look bigger.'' John said. He was a tall black haired guy with a little facial hair. ''Greg this is John Crane. He will be the head of my new group of prefects.'' Matthew said. ''Well I'm off to speak to our sponsor. Greg come with me, we need to catch up.'' Angie said. ''Seriously though?'' Greg said as he looked at a ZooWeeMama cartoon. Angie nodded. Angie and Greg walked up to the bleachers. ''What is it with you and these things?'' Greg said. He remembered when they first met. ''Don't worry, you can see the tennis court from here.'' Angie said. She knew about his crush. ''Miss Steadman and I'm afraid I do not know your friend.'' A man said. He was sat on a chair in the bleachers reading a book. ''He is new here I'm showing him around.'' Angie said. ''Well it is nice to meet you Mr?'' The man asked. ''Heffley, Greg Heffley. Sorry but I didn't catch your name.'' Greg said. ''Ralph, Ralph Reid.'' Ralph said as he shook Gregs hand. He was tall and clearly had muscles. He had spiked black hair and a slight tan. Rowley ran up to them. ''Hey guys, what is going on?'' Rowley asked. ''Nothing much Rowley. I think Angie here wanted to ask me why I'm funding a school presidency.'' Ralph said. ''Well you fund it is so that Matthew can win.'' Angie said. ''I love his idea about a new prefect program. It is a great way to stop this illegal selling operation that is going on.'' Ralph explained. Ok so first day and I enjoyed it. I can't believe Rowley is a football player but seriously Fregley. Clean. I have so many questions. I think I like this school and Angie seems cooler now. These guys Matthew and John seem alright but Ralph creeps me out a little. I can't believe mum still brought me one that saids Diary! I can't wait to see Patty loose. Well I hope you enjoyed and please review. I will end it with an extract from his diary from now on. Do you like this story? Do you like the direction? What would you like to see? Holly will be in the next chapter. Until next time, have fun.[Chapter 2] Hello and welcome. I hope you enjoy and please review. Thank you Lunalovegood4ever for your help and I do not own Diary of a wimpy kid. I would like to thank my reviewer Little panda-chan. Diary of a wimpy teenager chapter 2: Shakira Greg and Angie were sitting behind the bleachers. They were drinking coke and relaxing. Angie was reading a book whilst Greg was fantasising about Holly, he hadn't spoke to her yet. ''Some things truly never change.'' Greg said. He was acknowledging the fact that they were under the bleachers doing nothing like they used to. ''Yeah, you are still drooling over Holly Hills.'' Angie said. ''I should go and talk to her.'' Greg said. Angie wasn't sure if he was talking to her. ''Terrible idea mate.'' Rowley said as he walked over. ''I really should go and ask her out.'' Greg said. He sounded like he thought he was a genius. ''You have better chances with Angie.'' Rowley said. ''Hey.'' Angie said. She sounded offended. ''What we all know who you have the hots for and it isn't Greg.'' Rowley said. ''And you are not to tell him.'' Angie said as she shrugged. Greg was not paying attention. The bell rang and they headed back into the school. Greg was in lesson with Rowley. They were in history and they had Mr. Haw teaching them about the Prohibition by showing them the movie The Untouchables. ''So are you joining the newspaper?'' Rowley asked. ''I doubt it. Not really my sort of thing.'' Greg said. ''Shame it would have given you a real excuse to speak to Holly.'' Rowley said. He started to laugh but Greg started to think. ''Rowley I never thought I would say this but you are a genius.'' Greg said. ''Watch the film.'' Mr Haw yelled. Angie and Matthew were eating lunch in the newspaper room. Greg and Rowley walked in. ''Hey guys.'' Greg said as he walked in. ''Hey.'' Matthew and Angie said simultaneously. They looked at each other and blushed. ''That was weird, never do it again.'' Greg said as he took a seat. ''You know you can't keep coming here and not working.'' Angie said. ''Fine I will write an article about Tennis in school.'' Greg said as he spun around a chair. ''Tennis?'' Angie asked. ''Tennis.'' Greg said as if it was obvious. ''Or Holly Hills?'' Angie asked. She and Matthew put their burgers down and looked at Greg. ''Well many people will be interviewed and she will probably be one of them.'' Greg explained. He was trying to sound professional but Angie and Matthew stared at him whilst trying to conceal their smirks. ''No.'' Angie said laughing. She couldn't hold it in anymore and neither could Matthew, Greg looked annoyed. ''Why not? It would be great.'' Greg asked. He was clearly offended and upset. ''Just go and talk to her, it isn't that hard.'' Matthew said. ''Fine but if.'' Greg said. ''When.'' Angie interrupted. Greg just looked at her whilst she and Matthew laughed. ''I make a fool of myself I'm coming to tell you guys all about it.'' Greg said before walking off. Greg was walking down the corridors. He saw Rowley at his locker. ''Rowley I will be needing your help.'' Greg said. ''Holly Hills?'' Rowley asked. ''You got it.'' Greg said. ''Alright but I want your help asking out Abigail Brown.'' Rowley said. ''Deal.'' Greg replied. They started to run down the corridor. Holly was eating lunch with her group of friends. She was normally with the popular girls. Greg and Rowley started to walk up to them. ''Have we got a game plan?'' Greg asked. ''She's your girl, its your responsibility to think of that.'' Rowley said. Greg was starting to panic. ''My girl? Why can't we stop walking.'' Greg said. He sounded very worried. ''Because this is going to be hilarious.'' Rowley said. He was smirking. Greg walked over to the table. Rowley had stopped following and was sniggering. ''Can we help you?'' One of the girls asked. Holly wasn't paying any attention because she was on her phone. ''SHAKIRA.'' Greg yelled before running off. Rowley was laughing as hard as he could. Greg burst into the newspaper room. John, Matthew and Angie were in there. They were drinking coke and going over posters. ''Shakira, honestly?'' John asked. ''But how?'' Greg asked. Angie, John and Matthew got out their phones. ''We're the school newspaper. We get constant feeds about everything that happens in the school.'' Angie explained. ''She thinks I'm an idiot.'' Greg said as he sat down. ''She didn't know it was you. Go and talk to her whenever and wherever you want.'' John said. ''I hate you all.'' Greg said as he worked out the Shakira joke. ''You're such a She-Wolf.'' Angie said. ''And her hips don't lie.'' Matthew said. ''Are you on about Holly or Angie?'' Greg asked. ''Don't even try to change this.'' Matthew said. He started to blush a bit. Ralph then walked in. ''How are we all doing?'' Ralph asked. ''We are alright. What do you think of the budget?'' Matthew asked. ''Acceptible. The debate is next week so we should be able to announce the prefects. You have got permission for them haven't you?'' Ralph knew that he did but wanted to make sure. ''Yeah I have. I think that is a great idea.'' Matthew said. ''Excellent. I just can't remember to forget something though.'' Ralph said. He was smiling and Greg looked annoyed. ''I hate you all.'' Greg said. He was sulking now. ''Cheer up now. I have a job for you.'' John said. ''What?'' Greg asked. ''Well I am going to be in charge of the prefects and I need a few people to help me work out all the stuff.'' John explained. ''And I'm looking forward to seeing your results.'' Ralph said before leaving. ''Where does he get the money to fund you?'' Greg asked. ''He has his methods.'' John said. Greg walked home. He walked inside and as soon as he did his dad put the song Whenever Wherever on. Well today was awkward. I mean could it have gotten any worse? Seriously though? Shakira? I don't even like her I mean she is hot and everything but why did I yell that. Ralph still creeps me out and Rowley is no help at all. Matthew has a thing for Angie it is more obvious than Rowley fancying that Abigail girl. Well I hope you enjoyed and please review. What would you like to see? Have you ever done anything like that? Do you like these OC's. Until next time, have fun.[Chapter 3] Hello and welcome. I hope you enjoy and please review. Thank you Lunalovegood4ever for your help and I do not own Diary of a wimpy kid. I would like to thank my reviewer Little panda-chan. Diary of a wimpy teenager chapter 3: The debate Greg hadn't recovered from the Shakira incident. Angie being one of his best friends had decided to put it on the front page much to his annoyance. ''So how was your weekend?'' Greg asked. He was talking to Rowley in the corridor. They were getting books out of their lockers. ''It was alright. Right are you ready?'' Rowley asked. Greg had agreed to help him ask Abigail out. ''You know I am.'' Greg said. They started to look for Abigail. They were looking all around the school. Matthew and Angie ran up to them. ''Rowley just the guy I need.'' Matthew said. The ran over the Rowley and shook his hand. Angie took their photograph. ''What is going on?'' Rowley asked. He looked a little worried. ''You are the new Social Chairperson. Congratulations.'' Matthew said. Angie took several more photos. ''Do I want to know?'' Rowley asked. ''No not really.'' Matthew said. ''Basically you have to go to a few meetings. I think they are going to make you be on the valentine dance committee.'' Angie explained. She looked over the photos she had just taken. ''You don't want to do it do you?'' Greg asked. Matthew shrugged. ''I'm already on it, I just...I need someone on my side.'' Matthew explained. ''What?'' Rowley asked. He was confused. ''Miss Farrell is on it along with three of her followers. If this debate goes well she is going to be stressed and I need some help.'' Matthew explained. ''Why not me?'' Greg asked. ''Shakira.'' Angie said. Greg looked annoyed. ''I hate you.'' Greg said. Angie just smiled. ''I think we need to get back to, you know.'' Rowley said. He didn't want Angie to know because he knew she would publish it. ''Asking Abigail Brown out?'' Angie asked. ''How did you know that?'' Rowley asked. ''Greg likes to tweet.'' Matthew said. ''Seriously?'' Rowley asked. ''I got enough.'' Angie said. She finished looking at her camera. ''Away.'' Matthew yelled as he and Angie ran down the corridor. ''They so want each other.'' Rowley said. Greg just burst into laughter. Greg and Rowley were walking down the corridor looking for Abigail. ''Who is Michael Sampson?'' Greg asked. ''Abigails ex. They split up after he went on a date with Cherie Bellanger.'' Rowley explained. ''Right, who?'' Greg asked. He had a lot of catching up to do. ''Doesn't matter.'' Rowley said. Rowley and Greg found Abigail on the bleachers with her friends. ''Hey Abigail.'' Rowley said. He was nervous. ''Alright Rowley. Is that Shakira guy?'' Abigail said. ''And thats my cue to leave.'' Greg said. He then left. Greg noticed Holly running around the school track and he saw his opportunity. ''Long time no see.'' Greg said as he ran next to Holly. He was doing his best to catch up but was failing. ''It really has been a long time. Are you going to the debate later?'' Holly asked. ''Yeah. Who are you rooting for?'' Greg asked. ''Well since I know Patty and went to middle school with her...Matthew.'' Holly said and the two laughed. ''See you there.'' Greg said. He was out of breath and had to stop. ''See you there Shakira.'' Holly said laughing. Greg fell to the floor. Rowley walked up to him. ''I'm taking her to the valentine dance.'' Rowley said. Greg just put a thumbs up. The time for the debate had come. Everybody who cared showed up which turned out to be more than they thought but still not many. Greg and Rowley were sat on Matthews side. Holly came and sat next to them with a few friends. Angie and John shortly joined them. ''Hey guys.'' John said. The other exchanged greetings. Patty came onto stage with people clapping. She seemed like her usual annoyed self. She seemed annoyed by the lack of applause. Matthew cam on to receive a louder cheer with earned him a glare from Patty. ''Hello and welcome. We have questions here. So Matthew, with the rise of litter, what would you do to combat it?'' A teacher asked. She was in charge of the debate. ''Thats an excellent question. As you know I intend on setting up a new group of prefects who on a volunteer basis only. They will make the litterers pick up the litter.'' Matthew explained. ''But there is no guarantee in that. What is stopping your so called prefects or super-soldiers as you make them out to be from becoming corrupt. We have corrupt police, politicians and even teachers. What is stopping them from becoming corrupt?'' Patty asked. She seemed pleased with herself and very smug. Matthew just smiled. ''There is no guarantee that my prefects won't be incorruptible. That is like assuming everyone will get an A in maths because they went to a lesson. The leader who is my friend, I have absolute faith in him and that he will guide these prefects in the correct path.'' Matthew said. This earnt him a cheer. The debate went on for around 20 minutes and resulted in Matthew winning. Patty had a mini rant on stage about how Matthew is cheating by having the school papers on his side. Everyone was getting ready to leave at the end. They were going to the newsroom after the final lesson for a party. Angie, Greg and Holly were watching Rowley talk to Abigail. ''She is a right nutter though. I think you should keep an eye on Abigail.'' Holly said. ''Why what is she like?'' Greg asked. He didn't want to be worried for his friend. ''She uses people. I think you should warn your friend.'' Holly said. ''I haven't heard about this.'' Angie said. ''Trust me, she stares at the couples table.'' Holly said. ''What are we talking about?'' John asked as he walked over to them. ''Abigail Brown.'' Greg said. ''Stay away mate, life will be easier.'' John said. ''How did I not know about this?'' Angie said. She seemed surprised. ''Because you are too busy dreaming about Matthew.'' John said. Angie blushed a little but was also annoyed. ''Oh shut up. Where is Ralph these days?'' Angie asked. He was their funder. Fregley was walking down the corridor. He was late for the party since he forgot it was on. He then saw two people go into a classroom. He decided to see what they were doing since it was after school hours and he was trying to be a good journalist. He managed to sneak in and hide behind a desk. He nearly got caught but the two guys were distracted by a box. He got his phone out with the intention of recording as much as possible. Suddenly Ralph walked in without seeing Fregley. ''Why on earth would you want to meet in here?'' Ralph asked. The two guys turned around to look at him. ''No one will ever think to look in here.'' One of the guys said. ''So shall we get to business?'' Ralph asked. ''Here is your stuff.'' The other guy said. He showed Ralph the box on the table. ''I trust everything is sufficient?'' Ralph asked. ''Everything is there.'' One of the guys said. Ralph sent a text. ''Your payment will be with you shortly. My people will arrive shortly to get it. I have a request though.'' Ralph said as he looked inside the box. ''What is it?'' One of the guys asked. ''Not for you. For Fregley.'' Ralph said as he pointed to where Fregley was hiding. Well I hope you enjoyed and please review. What would you like to see? Do you like these OC's? What will happen to Fregley? Until next time, have fun.[Chapter 4] Hello and welcome. I hope you enjoy and please review. Thank you Lunalovegood4ever for your help and I do not own Diary of a wimpy kid. I would like to thank my reviewer Little panda-chan. Diary of a wimpy teenager chapter 4: Setting up Rowley Greg and Holly were sat on the bleachers watching Rowley play football. It was raining which kind of made the game better since they appeared to be more violent. John walked over to them. ''What's the score?'' John asked as he sat down. ''I don't even know what they are doing.'' Greg said as he tried to work out what was happening. ''6-2 to us.'' Holly said. Greg looked at her and she shrugged. ''Well that is one good thing.'' John said. ''How is he doing?'' Greg asked. ''He is more shaken than hurt but I'm still worried.'' John explained. Fregley had received a beating on the day of the debate. He is refusing to say anything about what had happened. ''What do you think we should do about it?'' Holly asked. ''We have no idea who did it. That is a problem to us.'' John explained. ''What have the police had to say?'' Holly asked. ''Not much, Fregley is very worried. His parents might make him move schools.'' John explained. ''Poor guy. How has Matthew reacted to this?'' Greg asked. ''The only way he can.'' John said. Matthew was sat in lesson. He was in lesson with Angie. They were in their History lesson. ''Do you have any idea what we are going to do?'' Angie asked. ''Not a single clue. I'm worried Patty will get a lead on me through this, you know since they went to the same Middle school.'' Matthew said. ''Trust me she avoided him at all costs.'' Angie replied. She remembered what she was like back then. ''What do you think we should do?'' Matthew asked. ''We use the newspaper to talk about Fregly's incident. We make this a big thing and it could be a PR stunt for the prefects.'' Angie explained. ''And the teachers are alright with this?'' Matthew asked. ''It was Mr. Lewis' idea.'' Angie said. Mr. Lewis was in charge of the newspaper. ''Remember he is our friend though.'' Matthew pointed out. ''That is why we need to get these guys.'' Angie said. The two high-fived. ''Mr. Westrip and Miss Steadman please stop doing whatever you are doing and pay attention.'' The teacher yelled. Greg was sitting in his lesson with Rowley. ''So have you asked Abigail out yet?'' Greg asked. ''No, not yet.'' Rowley said. He wasn't paying any attention to Greg because he was focusing on his work. ''Why?'' Greg asked. ''Why haven't you asked out Holly?'' Rowley asked. Greg went red. ''Because, shut up that's why. But seriously why haven't you asked Abigail out yet?'' Greg asked. The redness had gone but Rowley just looked at him. ''I don't know. I think these rumours are getting to me more than I thought.'' Rowley explained. ''She can't be that bad.'' Greg said. She was that bad. ''I really don't know. Have you heard what they say?'' Rowley asked. ''Yeah but it wasn't anything that bad.'' Greg said. It was all really bad. She once went out with a guy because she was bored. ''I will wait and see.'' Rowley said. He was trying to be sensible and mature. ''Hey, Holly might know some girls. I can ask her to set you up.'' Greg said. ''You would do that?'' Rowley asked. ''You know I would.'' Greg said. The two high-fived. Greg was walking around school looking for Holly. The school day had ended and everyone was going home. ''HOLLY.'' Greg yelled. He saw Holly with a group of friends. ''Greg, how are you?'' Holly asked. She was a little embarrassed but it was Greg. She knew there would be more. ''I need you to set up Rowley.'' Greg said. This plan was flawless. ''Your best friend Rowley who wants to ask out Abigail Brown?'' Holly asked. ''That's the one.'' Greg said. He seemed a little enthusiastic. ''I will see what I can do.'' Holly said before walking off with her friends. They started to laugh a little but Greg was too proud of himself. Greg was at home playing a video game whilst on the phone to Rowley. ''So Holly will see what she can do.'' Greg said. His phone was on loud speaker. ''Thanks. So what are you up to?'' Rowley asked. ''Just playing some games. What about you?'' Greg asked. ''Nothing much. I think I might go down to the shop, grab a bite to eat. Are you coming?'' Rowley asked. Greg was getting hungry. ''Yeah I think I will. Meet you at mine in ten?'' Greg asked. ''Lets do this.'' Rowley said before disconnecting the call. Patty was sat on the swings at the park. She was getting really angry because she wanted to win the election but at this rate she wasn't going to win. Abigail then walked up to her. ''You're late.'' Patty said as soon as Abigail sat on the swing next to her. ''I was busy.'' Abigail defended. ''Who was this week?'' Patty asked. ''I don't know. I want to get back with Michael Sampson.'' Abigail said. Patty was disgusted. ''I need your help.'' Patty said. ''With what?'' Abigail asked. ''I want to win but the great Matthew Westrip has too many of those idiots on his side.'' Patty complained. She was getting more angry just by thinking about him. ''And how am I supposed to help?'' Abigail asked. ''We all know Rowley Jefferson has a crush on you. I want to use that.'' Patty explained. ''How?'' Abigail asked. This wasn't making any sense to her. ''We are going to crush Rowley Jefferson. When we crush him we will destroy their entire campaign.'' Patty explained. She got joy from this. ''With me dumping Rowley. What would I gain anyway?'' Abigail asked. ''You would make George jealous.'' Patty said. Abigail liked this. ''Jesus Christ this is only a high school election. It can't matter that much.'' Abigail snapped. ''I will also get to ruin Greg Heffleys life.'' Patty said. This brought her more joy. ''Fine, what do I have to do?'' Abigail said. ''Get close with Rowley and when you hang around with him in the newspaper room. Upload everything on their campaign onto this. Take photos and upload them onto that as well.'' Patty explained. She handed Abigail a memory stick. ''Seeya.'' Abigail said. She walked off. Patty took out her phone and rang someone. ''Is it done?'' The person asked. ''It is done. Will I get to win?'' Patty asked. ''I will make sure you get what you deserve.'' The person replied. ''Why are you doing this?'' Patty asked. ''I have my reasons.'' The person explained. ''I know it was you who attacked Fregley.'' Patty said. The phone then hung up. Well today was a good day. Holly will definitely get Rowley some kind of date and he should forget about abigail. I think I will definitely be the hero of the story. Well I hope you enjoyed and please review. What would you like to see? Do you like these OC's? If it is italics it will be addressed to the reader. This may get a little complicated but it will all level out. Until next time, have fun.[Chapter 5] Hello and welcome. I hope you enjoy and please review. Thank you Lunalovegood4ever for your help and I do not own Diary of a wimpy kid. I would like to thank my reviewer Little panda-chan. Diary of a wimpy teenager chapter 5: Couples Greg was at school. He was walking down the corridor on his way to his next lesson. Holly ran up to him. ''Hey, did you manage to find someone?'' Greg asked. ''Did you not hear?'' Holly asked. ''Hear what?'' Greg asked. 'I can't believe nobody told you.'' Holly said. ''Told me what?'' Greg asked. He was starting to get annoyed. ''That the bird is the word.'' Holly said. She then started to play the song. ''Really?'' Greg asked. It was old. ''Yeah. Oh and Rowley is going out with Abigail.'' Holly said like it was old news and ran off. Greg was shocked. ''Wait, what?'' Greg asked. He ran after her but Angie jumped in front of him. ''He is going out with her.'' Angie said. She seemed annoyed. ''How does everyone know this but me?'' Greg asked. ''This is a disaster.'' Angie said ''Why?'' Greg asked. ''Abigail and Rowley….You still have so much to learn.'' Angie explained. ''I'll fill him in.'' Holly said. She took Greg way whilst Angie walked off. Rowley was under the bleachers with Matthew. ''So...Abigail.'' Matthew said as he handed Rowley a bottle of coke. ''Abigail.'' Rowley replied as he opened it. ''How is that going for you?'' Matthew asked. ''How are you and Angie?'' Rowley asked. Matthew looked annoyed. ''Touche Jefferson, touche.'' Matthew replied. Ralph walked over to them. ''How is everyone?'' Ralph asked. Matthew threw him a bottle of coke. ''Abigail and Rowley.'' Matthew said. Ralph didn't seem surprised. ''You and Angie.'' Ralph replied. ''Seriously?'' Matthew asked. ''You seem good together.'' Ralph said. ''So what are you guys up to later?'' Matthew asked. ''Just hanging out.'' Rowley said. ''You want to make a joke don't you?'' Matthew asked. ''So bad.'' Rowley said. Greg and Angie were having lunch in the newspaper room. ''Are you still into video games?'' Angie asked. She was eating sushi whilst greg just had a pizza. ''Yeah, why?'' Greg said. He was worried about what she was going to say. ''Need a new video game reviewer. The last one well….Let's not get into that.'' Angie said. ''Do I have to do anything?'' Greg asked. Worst question ever! ''Well yeah, write reviews.'' Angie said back as if it was obvious. ''About games?'' Greg asked. He was trying to make sure Angie wasn't trying to trick him. ''Yeah, hence game reviewer.'' Angie said. She was suspicious. ''Proper games. Not like...Whatever games you play.'' Greg said. ''I have a higher level on Call of Duty.'' Angie said. She knew this annoyed him. ''You are never going to let that down.'' Greg said. ''Play more.'' Angie said. ''I play more than you.'' Greg said. He was a little annoyed. ''Play better.'' Angie said. She found this hilarious. ''You play less...Better.'' Greg said. He didn't understand that sentence or why he said that. ''Ask out Holly.'' Angie said. Greg was silent and Angie just gave a smug grin. ''How I hate you.'' Greg said. Rowley and Abigail were going to meet at a local diner for a date. Abigail had got there early like she normally did. Rowley was due to be there for five minutes. The place was fairly empty. Abigail sat on a table by the window. Ralph sat on the table across from her. ''Remember. Do not get too attached.'' Ralph said. He was sipping on a cup of tea. ''Why do you even care?'' Abigail asked. ''Lets just say I have a plan.'' Ralph said. ''Rumour has it you want to take over the cigarette operation.'' Abigail said. Ralph looked concerned. ''Where did you hear that?'' Ralph asked. ''You have your friends I have mine. How does funding Matthew benefit you though?'' Abigail asked. ''Matthew wants to create a new system. Destroying it would easily benefit me.'' Ralph explained. He didn't want to tell her his whole plan. ''Imagine if I gave this to the school paper.'' Abigail said. She got a smug look. ''Imagine if this was posted all over the social networks.'' Ralph said. He showed her several photographs. ''Your plan makes no sense.'' Abigail said. ''Trust me. It could benefit us both.'' Ralph said. ''What about Patty?'' Abigail asked. ''She is a means to an end. Her role will come in soon.'' Ralph said. Ralph was in his bedroom. He had a map of the school on his wall. There were the group symbols all over it with string connecting it. He was planning on starting a war. He was using the cigarettes and other items to cause tension between the groups. Abigail was supposed to cause tension with the football team and the newspaper department due to Rowleys connections in both. He had a reason for doing this but wasn't telling anyone. Greg and Holly were in a shop. They were buying some drinks. ''So, how do you think Rowley is getting on?'' Greg asked. ''Well he is more confident and...Normal now so hopefully it is going well.'' Holly said. ''Soon we will have a couple in the group.'' Greg said. ''Soon two. Matthew is so going to ask out Angie.'' Holly said. It was obvious. ''What about John?'' Greg asked. ''Oh the dude has a girlfriend. She goes to some private school or whatever.'' Holly said. ''He never said.'' Greg said. ''He never says anything.'' Holly pointed out. Greg knew that if he had a chance it was now. ''Do you ever think we would end up as a good couple?'' Greg asked. ''Sometimes. Why do you want to give it a go?'' Holly asked. She was a little nervous. ''Everyone thinks we should.'' Greg said. he was nervous as well. ''Yeah but do you want to go out with me because you like me or because everyone thinks we should?'' Holly asked. Greg thought for a few seconds. ''I think the question is that. Do I like you or the idea of you?'' Greg said. ''We sound like Angie.'' Holly said. The two burst into laughter. Greg got home and sat on his bed. He started to think about what Holly had said to him. He wasn't sure anymore. I have really screwed up with Holly. Well I hope you enjoyed and please review. What would you like to see? Do you like these OC's? If it is italics it will be addressed to the reader. This may get a little complicated but it will all level out. Until next time, have fun.[Chapter 6] Hello and welcome. I hope you enjoy and please review. Thank you Lunalovegood4ever for your help and I do not own Diary of a wimpy kid. I know one of you asked for more description so I put more in. Diary of a wimpy teenager chapter 6: Treasurer Greg and Rowley were walking to school. It was the school election in a couple of days and everyone was getting stressed. ''So how is the happy couple?'' Greg asked. ''Did you ask her out yet?'' Rowley asked in response. ''Kind of...'' Greg replied. ''How kind of?'' Rowley asked. ''She used philosophy stuff on me.'' Greg said. ''Amazing.'' Rowley said. They walked up to the gates. Abigail ran up to them. ''Rowster.'' Abigail said as she ran up to him. She hugged him and Greg was trying to hold in his laugh. ''Abiboo.'' Rowley replied. He seemed nervous because of Greg but he just walked away trying to conceal his joy. Greg walked through the school corridors and up to John. John was standing there trying to gel his black hair into a comb over. ''How's the hair going?'' Greg asked as he walked over to him. ''It doesn't want to co-operate. How have you been Greg?'' John asked. He put the stuff back into his locker and closed it. ''Not to bad thanks.'' Greg said. ''I'm heading towards the newspaper office. Coming?'' John asked. He towered over Greg as he asked. ''Yeah.'' Greg said. ''Let's go then.'' John said. John and Greg walked into the office. Angie was sat there listening to music and not paying attention. The song was Everybody wants to rule to world by Lorde. John and Greg sat down. John walked up to her and took out one of her headphones. ''Tears for fears is better.'' John whispers into her ear. ''Matthew says the same.'' Angie said. She was a Lorde fan. ''Where is he?'' John asked as he sat down. ''With the school council.'' Angie said. John looked a little confused. ''Wow. He isn't even elected yet.'' John said. Greg logged onto one of the computers. ''Peter wants to speak with him.'' Angie said. She sounded worried. ''Sounds about right.'' John said. ''Peter?'' Greg asked. He didn't know many people on the school council. ''Peter Evans. He is the school treasury. He made money out of selling sweets and well, other things as well. The people who sell buy from him. He also funds things as well, the treasury allows him to do that.'' Angie explained. ''Like Ralph.'' Greg asked. He knew Ralph was funding them. ''Sort of. Ralph just sells, he is only funding us.'' Angie said. ''He wants the prefects whilst Peter couldn't really give a damn.'' John explained. Peter and Matthew were in the school gym. People were preparing for a school assembly. Leon Rickets was standing with Peter. Peter was a skinny guy, about as skinny as Matthew. His hair was white and his skin was about as white whereas Matthew had brown hair and pale skin. Peter dressed similar to Matthew. He wore chinos and a shirt. ''So why are we here Peter?'' Matthew asked. He didn't trust Peter that much. ''I thought we could have a chat about the upcoming election.'' Peter said. He looked around the hall. People were setting up chairs and he invited Matthew to sit with him. ''How long has Leon been working with you?'' Matthew asked. ''Leon and many others have come into my employment.'' Peter explained. ''How so?'' Matthew asked. ''The council are willing to help fund you.'' Peter explained. His voice turned very sinister all of a sudden. ''I have a backer. Ralph.'' Matthew said. ''And you trust him more than me.'' Peter said. He pretended to sound offended. ''I grew up with him.'' Matthew said. ''Ralph is one of the most powerful people in the school but he plays the game wrong.'' Peter said. He gave a sinister smile, it made Matthew feel worried. ''The game?'' Matthew asked. ''Ralph wants chaos in the school. He wants to destroy the social order and start a war among the groups. We can help you maintain the peace.'' Peter said. Greg was eating lunch with Holly. They were eating pizza and drinking coke. ''So they have pet names for each other.'' Greg said. ''Oh my god that is so hilarious.'' Holly said bursting into laughter. ''Get this right. Rowster and Abiboo.'' Greg said. Holly nearly fell off her chair because of how hard she was laughing. ''This is the most perfect thing ever.'' Holly said. She managed to stop laughing. ''Have you ever been given a cute nickname?'' Greg asked. ''I have not. What about you?'' Holly asked. Greg thought for a moment. ''Well when I was away. I had a thing with this girl.'' Greg said. ''Seriously?'' Holly said. Greg seemed a little surprised by her reaction. ''Not important. But she called me Heffster.'' Greg said. ''It's not that bad.'' Holly said. She sounded disappointed. ''And Vanilla cream.'' Greg said. Holly burst into laughter after trying to hold it in. ''Oh my god….I am so tweeting this.'' Holly said as she took out her phone. ''Oh come on.'' Greg said. ''And gone.'' Holly said. She smiled at him, she seemed proud of herself. ''I regret everything.'' Greg said. ''Oh come on Greg as if I would do something like that.'' Holly said. Greg just smiled. ''Thank you.'' Greg said sounding relieved. ''Vanilla Cream.'' Holly said. She was trying to hold in her laughter. Abigail was standing with Ralph. He was brushing his thick black hair. His skin was a little more tanned than most people. He walked over to her. ''How is it going?'' Ralph asked. He walked up towards her. ''I think he is really into me.'' Abigail said sounding proud of herself. ''Then break up with him on Tuesday.'' Ralph said. ''What?'' Abigail said. She sounded a little shocked. ''The council are onto us. We need to advance our plans.'' Ralph said. ''But, but.'' Abigail said. ''Your job was to manipulate his feelings for you.'' Ralph said. He seemed a little annoyed with her. ''You destroy him, you destroy them.'' Patty said as she walked in. Well I hope you enjoyed and please review. Abigail is going to split up with Rowley, Will Matthew break the deal with Ralph? Until next time, have fun.[Chapter 7] Hello and welcome. I hope you enjoy and please review. Thank you Lunalovegood4ever for your help and I do not own Diary of a wimpy kid. I would like to thank my reviewers. Diary of a wimpy teenager chapter 7: Football game Greg was sat in his room with Rowley. Rowley was crying his eyes out because Abigail had just broke up with him. ''I mean why? We were so happy.'' Rowley said. He was crying and Greg was holding a box of tissues. He was really bored. ''I know but...She was a complete.'' Greg said. He then started to think of a good word that wouldn't make Rowley cry. ''Complete what?'' Rowley asked. He stopped crying for a second and Greg thought really hard. ''You can do better.'' Greg said. That is all he could come up with. ''You're right. I got the game to think about in which we were going out for a victory dinner.'' Rowley said. He took the tissues and started to dry his face. ''Victory dinner?'' Greg asked. He then regretted saying it. ''Just the two of us.'' Rowley said. He then started crying. Holly then walked in. ''How is he?'' Holly said as she walked in. Greg got up and picked up his jacket. ''Find out for yourself. I'm off out for a bit.'' Greg said as he walked for the door. ''But, this is your room.'' Holly said. She was a little confused. ''Not for the next twenty minutes.'' Greg said as he left. Greg was walking for the door. Susan, his mother walked up to him. ''Greg you have company.'' Susan said. She looked a little confused. ''Twenty minutes.'' Greg said as he walked out. Holly and Rowley were in the room. Rowley was still crying and Holly was starting to panic ''I have no idea what I'm supposed to do.'' Holly whispered to herself. ''Abiboo.'' Rowley howled like a wolf. ''Please hurry.'' Holly prayed. The game day had arrived and everyone was excited. Angie was taking photos whilst Matthew was campaigning. The election was that afternoon and he was really nervous. Greg and Holly were watching the game. John walked up to them and sat. ''I love Matthew like my brother but that guy is stressed.'' John said as he sat down. ''I know right.'' Greg said. He was eating a hotdog. ''How is Rowley?'' John asked. ''Terrible.'' Holly replied. ''Damn.'' John said. They watched Rowley on the bench, he looked terrible. Peter walked up to Matthew. He was talking to Angie. ''Angie. Matthew.'' Peter said. ''Hey Pete. Smile.'' Angie said. She took his photo and walked off. ''Pete.'' Matthew said. ''I have a story for you.'' Peter said. He looked at the game and had a devilish smile. ''What?'' Matthew asked. ''Ralph is betting on the game.'' Peter said. ''How do you know?'' Matthew asked. ''I have my sources.'' Peter said. He pulled out a betting slip that he had stole of someone. ''I cut him off.'' Matthew said. He sounded guilty. ''Well now he can put all his focus onto Patty.'' Peter said. Matthew looked annoyed. ''So it's true. Excuse me but I need to go to the bathroom.'' Matthew said. He then walked off. Ralph was watching him and followed. John then followed shortly after. Matthew was walking down to the bathroom. Ralph ran up to him and threw him against the wall. ''Cutting me off? My friend since we were children.'' Ralph said to him. He was clearly upset. ''I had no choice Ralph. You're out of control.'' Matthew replied. ''You are going to pay.'' Ralph said. He got ready to punch him. ''I know about the bet.'' Matthew said. Ralph froze for a second. John was running up to him. ''You dirty son of a.'' Ralph said. Before he could finish John pulled him away and knocked him out. ''Thanks mate.'' Matthew said. ''I think we're going to have more of that.'' John replied. Matthew and John walked back to the others. Matthew hugged Angie whilst John walked back to Greg and Holly. They noticed the blood on his hand. They decided not to say anything. Greg and Holly were walking to get the food stand. Patty walked up to them. ''Hello Heffley. Holly? Why are you with him.'' Patty said. She seemed angry. ''Because he's my friend.'' Holly said. She started to laugh. ''Looking forward to the election?'' Greg asked. ''I'm going to win. It is so obvious.'' Patty said sounding obnoxious. ''Yeah. People would rather have you as the school president. That's like wanting Joffrey Lannister as the school president.'' Holly said. Greg looked a little shocked. ''Whatever. I'm going to win.'' Patty said before walking off. ''She sounds like Viserys.'' Holly said. ''Since when did you like Game of Thrones?'' Greg asked. ''Came for the guys and stayed for the drama.'' Holly said. The two started to laugh. Rowley was walking to the changing rooms, he had got annoyed that he wasn't being played. He saw Abigail kiss her ex Michael Sampson. ''Sup' Rowster.'' Michael said as he spotted him. ''Rowley.'' Abigail said as Rowley walked up to Michael. He then punched him and walked away. Greg and Holly were walking to the main hall. They were going to start to election. Rowley walked up to them. ''Sorry you didn't get to play mate.'' Greg said as they waited for their friend to catch up. ''I punched Michael Sampson.'' Rowley said. ''That's the...Spirit.'' Greg said. He wasn't to sure. ''That's not helping.'' Holly whispered. ''Then you think of something.'' Greg whispered back. Michael was talking to Angie. ''Wish me luck.'' Michael said. ''If you lose I'm going to break up with you.'' Angie said smiling. ''No you wont. I never realised we were going out.'' Matthew said. ''Because you're an idiot.'' Angie said. She then kissed him and Matthew walked onto stage. Well I hope you enjoyed and please review. What would you like to see? Do you like these OC's?The diary parts will come back soon. Until next time, have fun[Chapter 8] Hello and welcome. I hope you enjoy and please review. Thank you Lunalovegood4ever for your help and I do not own Diary of a wimpy kid. I would like to thank my reviewers. Diary of a wimpy teenager chapter 8: Election Greg and Holly were sitting in the seats waiting for the election to begin. Rowley was getting a drink. It was busy and started to get packed. ''Why did you run out the other day?'' Holly asked. ''Oh that...No reason.'' Greg said. He didn't want to admit it. ''Ok. Excited?'' Holly asked. ''Voting is going to be a nightmare. I can imagine the crowd now.'' Greg said. ''Matthew will appreciate it.'' Holly replied. ''Yeah.'' Greg said. The two stared into each others eyes for a few moments then stopped. It was awkward for a moment. ''Rowley should be back by now.'' Holly said. ''Yeah, true. Where is he?'' Greg asked. ''The elections will begin.'' One of the teachers yelled on stage. He walked off and the students started to clap. Matthew and Patty were standing on the stage looking at each other. They were trying to be intimidating and actually succeeding. They were by their podiums with their speeches ready. ''Patty would you like to go first?'' The headteacher asked. Patty nodded and adjusted her microphone. ''Fellow students. As you know me I am Patty Farrell. Elect me and I promise to make this school great again.'' Patty said. She was going through a speech which was a page long. ''What do you think so far?'' Greg whispered to Holly. ''I think she's got it from the internet.'' Holly whispered back. The two started to laugh. Rowley was in the bathroom washing his hands. There were a few bruises on them but nothing he couldn't handle. Ralph then walked in. ''Hello Rowley.'' Ralph said. Rowley looked at him and clenched his fists. ''What do you want?'' Rowley asked. ''I want to tell you something.'' Ralph said smiling. ''What?'' Rowley asked. Ralph took out his phone and threw it to Rowley. ''Have a look.'' Ralph said. Rowley started to look through the messages. ''I promise to make this school shine, to make it a new tomorrow a tomorrow in which we can shine. Thank you and please vote for me.'' Patty said. She was trying to suppress the anger and hatred but it wasn't working, it seeped through a little. The crowd clapped but not much which destroyed her ego. ''Thank you Patty, Mathew.'' The teacher said. Matthew left the podium and walked center stage. ''Patty here speaks of a school which shines, to make it shine brighter but just think, for one moment. The school is not shining, it is dirty. It is dirty with the dirt of the students who choose to make it the way it is. So please vote for me and I will not make it shine but it will triumph. New clubs, security and way of life so that when we enter the world by ourselves, we do not perish from this earth and we remember the school not because it shined but because it made us the people we will become.'' Matthew said. He walked back to the podium. The crowd clapped, it was louder than Pattys which annoyed her. ''Thank you Matthew. Patty, what are your policies?'' The teacher asked. She scowled at Matthew but he just smiled. ''Not bad.'' Holly said. ''He made that up on the spot.'' Greg said laughing. He noticed Matthew looking at Angie. ''What makes you say that?'' Holly asked. She was texting at the same time. ''He said he was going to write it with Angie.'' Greg said smiling. ''Yeah?'' Holly asked. ''Think about it for a second.'' Greg said. ''The devil.'' Holly said smiling when she worked it out. Holly and Greg walked into the newspaper room. They had just voted and sat on the chairs. It easy completely empty which was unusual. ''Never seen it this empty before.'' Holly said as she looked around. ''Me neither.'' Greg said. ''Do you think he won?'' Holly said. Greg thought for a second as he stared into her eyes. ''Would you vote for Patty?'' Greg asked. Holly smiled. They waited a few moments and started to go in for a kiss. Matthew and Angie burst in ready to kiss as well. They noticed the other two and froze. ''Shouldn't you be?'' Greg asked. ''Yeah but we needed to go over this article for tomorrow but I think you beat us to it.'' Matthew said. It was very awkward. John then walked in and walked out rolling his eyes. ''We should go.'' Holly said. ''And find Rowley.'' Greg replied. ''Seeya guys.'' Angie said. Greg and Holly then left laughing their heads off. ''Are we a you know?'' Greg asked. ''On one condition.'' Holly said. ''Go on.'' Greg said. ''You don't try and become famous.'' Holly said. ''I can't help if I'm so amazing.'' Greg replied smiling. Matthew was elected that day and they all went round his for a party. Greg and Holly were planning on keeping their relationship quiet until they are more serious. Angie was taking photos of everyone whilst John started to mingle. The party was late into the night. ''Hey guys.'' Angie said as she took a photo of Greg and Holly. She was smiling at the two. ''We're keeping it quiet for now.'' Holly said. ''That's so boring.'' Angie said as she took another photo. ''Take a photo of him.'' Greg said pointing to Matthew. He was downing a yard of beer. He finished and people cheered. ''I am the winner.'' Matthew said as he fell to the ground. He walked over to Angie and hugged her. ''You need to go to bed.'' Angie said. ''Then I have to be away from you.'' Matthew replied. ''He doesn't need to go to bed. He needs to get more in him so he is ready for Monday. Congratulations Matthew, you earnt it.'' Peter said as he walked over. ''And now finally we can have the prefects.'' John said as he walked over. He took Peter away to talk to him. ''Make sure we never end up like that.'' Greg said. ''Done.'' Holly said. Rowley was talking to Ralph. He was at his house and they were talking. ''So, do you want to assist me?'' Ralph asked. ''Sorry, I have a party to go to.'' Rowley said. ''You can make a lot of money.'' Ralph replied. ''Not interested.'' Rowley said as he began to walk out. ''Laura will be upset.'' Ralph said. ''Who?'' Rowley asked. ''Gregs ex.'' Ralph said. Rowley stopped and walked back. ''He never mentioned her.'' Rowley said. ''We ended on bad terms.'' Laura said as she walked in. She was about the same height as Rowley but with lightly tanned skin, pitch black hair and ice cold eyes. Well I hope you enjoyed and please review. What would you like to see? Do you like these OC's?The diary parts will come back soon. I know some of you had problems imagining what they looked like so I will post some actors of who I base them on in the next chapter. Until next time, have fun[Chapter 9] Hello and welcome. I hope you enjoy and please review. Thank you Lunalovegood4ever for your help and I do not own Diary of a wimpy kid. I would like to thank my reviewers. Diary of a wimpy teenager chapter 9: Singing Greg and Holly were walking to school together. They were listening to music on Hollys phone using the same earplugs. It was a sunny day and looked like it was going to get insanely hot later which was annoying. They were walking down the road and were very close to the school. ''There used to be a graying tower alone on the sea. You became the light on the dark side of me. Love remained a drug that's the high and not the pill. But did you know?'' The two sang together as they walked down the street. ''That when it snows.'' Greg sang. He tried to put a little more theatricality into it by moving his hand down. ''My eyes become large and the light that you shine can be seen.'' Holly sang. She waved her hand around as if she was showing the light. ''Baby, I compare you to a kiss from a rose on the gray. Ooh.'' The two practically yelled. They pretended they had microphones and ignored all of the people looking at them. ''I love this song.'' Holly said. ''I swear it was used in one of the Batman films.'' Greg said. He seemed a little confused. ''Really?'' Holly asked. ''I'm sure it was.'' Greg said. He then started to think for a moment. ''I believe it was Batman Forever and you have a lovely singing voice, both of you.'' Peter said. He walked up behind them and was smiling. ''Thanks.'' Holly said. She was a little creeped out but tried to hide it and by the way Peter smiled, she didn't hide it very well. ''I'll see you in English.'' Greg said. ''See you then.'' Peter said. He watched the two walk off and took out his phone and started to ring someone. Greg and Holly walked into the school and were heading for their registration. ''What you got first?'' Holly asked. ''Science, you?'' Greg asked. ''History. I'll see you later.'' Holly said. She stopped by a door and was about to go through. ''Baby I compare you to a kiss from a rose from the gray.'' Greg sang as he walked away. He was very out of tune. Rowley was at his locker. He was in a fairly good mood and was listening to his music. ''Yeah, I know nobody knows. Where it comes and where it goes. I know it's everybody's sin. You got to lose to know how to win.'' Rowley sang to himself. He was being quiet so nobody could hear him despite the temptation to start singing louder. ''What a lovely rendition. Personally I prefer Livin' on the Edge, the lyrics give meaning to the title.'' Ralph said as he walked up to Rowley. ''What?'' Rowley asked. ''There is something wrong with the world today Rowley and I am going to change it.'' Ralph said smiling. His voice was deep and Rowley thought he would make a great supervillain someday. ''With Gregs ex?' Rowley asked. He sounded really annoyed since Greg hadn't told him about it, he hasn't asked about it either though. ''You're bitter he never told you.'' Ralph said. He chuckled a little but he wasn't wrong. ''Let me tell you in the language you would understand. I would a-rather be hanging on.'' Rowley said. He slammed his locker shut and stormed off. ''Now, now Rowley. How is Abigail doing?'' Ralph yelled. Rowley stopped and ran towards him. He went to take hold of Ralph but ended up getting punched and kicked in the process. Rowley was on the floor trying to catch his breathe. ''You son of a bitch.'' Rowley said. He was trying to catch his breathe and people were watching. ''That's the difference between me and you. You always try and swing your fists expecting to win but you have no technique, no skill and no defense. And this is the reason you cannot fight and the reason you cannot hold onto a girl who is so easy all you have to do is smile and she'll go to first base with you.'' Ralph said. He then walked off and Rowley was sat there, humiliated. Angie and Matthew were in the newspaper room. They were on their own and were editing the next edition. They were just deciding the main photo which was hard because Angie took so many and may have forgotten which one she was meant to use. ''This one is nice.'' Matthew said. He pointed to one of the pictures on the computer. ''No. I had a really cool one.'' Angie said. They clicked on the next one which was of a fort. ''I want to build a fort right now.'' Matthew said. ''Same.'' Angie said. They looked at each other and smiled. John walked into the office twenty minutes later. He saw Angie and Matthew in their fort. They had stolen some blankets from somewhere and had put it over some chairs. The two were sat on the pillows they had lined it with. They had their laptop to go over the photos and were playing music. ''Hail (hail). What's the matter with your head, yeah. Hail (hail). What's the matter with your mind. And your sign an-a, oh-oh-oh. Hail (hail). Nothin' the matter with your head. Baby find it, come on and find it. Hail, with it baby. 'Cause you're fine. And you're mine, and you look so divine. Come and get your love. Come and get your love. Come and get your love. Come and get your love.'' Angie and Matthew sang. They were dancing inside the fort and John just stood there staring at them in shock. ''Where did you get the pillows and blankets?'' John asked. The two stopped and stared at him, they both went red. ''School nurse.'' Matthew said. ''How?'' John asked. ''She may not know.'' Angie replied. ''Oh, my love, my darling. I've hungered for you touch. A long, lonely time.'' Greg and Holly sang as they walked in. ''Why is everyone singing?'' John yelled as he walked out. Peter and Ralph were standing by the bus stop at the end of the day. The bus pulled up and they walked in to find Laura sitting there, waiting for them. ''I have a proposition for the both of you.'' Laura said. Well I hope you enjoyed and please review. What would you like to see? Do you like these OC's?The diary parts will come back soon. I know some of you had problems imagining what they looked like so I will post some actors of who I base them on in the next chapter despite me saying that last time. Until next time, have fun.[Chapter 10] Hello and welcome. I hope you enjoy and please review. Thank you Lunalovegood4ever for your help and I do not own Diary of a wimpy kid. I would like to thank my reviewers, favourites and followers. Diary of a wimpy teenager chapter 9: The ninja killed the dinosaur Greg and Rowley were eating burgers in the school cafeteria. They had spent a whole day pretending to do work because pretending was actually easier than doing work. They had a plan to do all their work a week before the deadline...Or nag Angie for help a day before the deadline. ''How was your lesson gentlemen.'' Matthew said as he sat down next to them. Angie and Holly then walked over and sat next to them, they did not have any food with them. ''Yo Heffley, how was it is New York.'' Quinn yelled, he was trying to say it like a girl. Several people were laughing but Greg was not impressed. ''Shut up Quinn, we all know you write My Little Pony fanfiction.'' Greg yelled back to Quinn. Everyone started to laugh as Quinn blushed. ''That's it Heffley.'' Quinn yelled as he ran towards Greg. ''Lunalovegoodforever.'' Greg said as he stood up ready to run. ''She's an underrated character.'' Quinn yelled. ''Where do you think you're going Quinn?'' Leon asked as he slammed his hand in front of Quinn, they just looked at each other for a moment. ''Don't do this Leon.'' Quinn said. He knew Leons past and what he liked to do, this was not natural for him. ''Get out.'' Leon said as he pushed Quinn back. John and three other people started to walk towards Quinn, he just backed out and walked away. Greg sat back at his seat and everyone continued with what they were doing. ''Are they your fries?'' Holly asked Greg. He had a few fries with his burger which he intended on drowning with ketchup. ''Yeah.'' Greg replied, Holly just looked at the fries. 'You planning on eating them.'' Holly asked. She hadn't taken her eyes off them, this scared Greg. ''Of course I am.'' Greg said, he was becoming worried about why Holly was looking at the fries. ''Ok.'' Holly said. She grabbed a handful and ate them, it was quick and swift...Like a ninja killed a dinosaur, it didn't make sense but it just happened. ''What just happened?'' Greg asked as he looked at Holly eat the fries. ''A ninja killed a dinosaur.'' Matthew said. ''No, Holly just wanted some fries.'' Angie explained as she took Matthews fries. She took one at a time but looked him in the eye as she did it. ''Why don't you get your own?'' Matthew asked. The three guys had no idea what was going on but the girls were laughing, they were ninjas and the boys were dinosaurs. ''I don't want fries.'' Angie replied. Holly nodded in agreement whilst the guys started to try to piece together what just happened. ''A ninja killed a dinosaur.'' Rowley said. ''Look at Greg loose all those New York fries.'' Quinn yelled as he poked his head out of the door. ''Just because we have fries Quinn.'' Greg yelled back. ''I'm going.'' Quinn replied as Leon ran up to him. Greg and Holly were walking home, she was going to go round his house for dinner, along the way Holly was trying to explain what happened earlier. ''They were my fries though.'' Greg said. ''Yes but I wanted them.'' Holly explained. ''So why didn't you get your own fries?'' Greg asked. ''Because I didn't want my own.'' Holly argued. ''This makes no sense.'' Greg said in frustration. ''Of course not...You're a guy.'' Holly said as she kissed him. They walked up to the front door where they could hear yelling. ''YOU'RE NOT JOINING THE ARMY!'' Susan screamed at the top of her voice. ''IT'S THE SALVATION ARMY!'' Rodrick screamed back. ''THAT'S IN ENGLAND!'' Susan yelled in frustration. ''...I'M NOT GOING TO GET KILLED!'' Rodrick yelled. ''I BET THAT'S WHAT PRIVATE RYANS BROTHERS SAID BEFORE THEY WENT!'' Susan screamed. ''Run. Somehow they're getting louder.'' Frank said as he walked out of the house, he was right, they were getting louder. ''What's going on?'' Greg asked, he knew what was going on but he wanted clarification. ''I'm going to the diner, you coming?'' Frank asked. ''Sure….I don't want fries though.'' Holly replied. She looked at Greg with a smug grin but Greg was not impressed. John was walking into school the next day with Leon and a few other prefects. They were walking down the corridor and approached Ralph who was at his locker. ''How can I help you?'' Ralph asked as he took a rather larger book out of his locker. ''Need to check your locker...We got a tip that you were keeping your cigarette stash inside your locker.'' John said. Angie was hanging around the corridor with her camera, ready to take a photograph. ''Be my guest.'' Ralph said as he backed up. John looked suspicious but checked the locker anyway. He went through the stuff to find nothing in there. Angie was getting nervous as she saw Leon take something out of his bag. ''There's nothing in here.'' John said as he put the stuff back in it's place. It was mainly just books and binders. ''Look out.'' Angie yelled. She went to take a picture but Laura ran up to her and took the camera. Leon swung a small baseball bat but John ducked and took out a binder. He smacked Leon with it twice before quickly ramming the edge ot it into another prefects throat. Leon then smacked John in the back with the bat, the other prefects hit him several times, Angie had ran away to get help. John woke up under the bleachers, he was covered in bruises but had several bandages on. He was sat down and looked at Ralph and Leon. Laura then walked up to him, handing him a bottle of water. ''Hey John.'' Laura said as she opened it for him, she took a seat opposite him. ''Leon?'' John asked as he saw Leon in the corner. ''I wouldn't go telling everyone just yet.'' Laura explained as she went through Angie's photographs. ''How so?'' John asked. ''Do you think Matthew wants to find out that his whole project, everything he worked for...Failed?'' Leon asked with a wide grin. ''We need something John, we need something right away.'' Laura explained, she showed him a picture of Angie and Matthew, she liked it. ''I'm not helping you.'' John said as he threw the water onto the ground. ''Just send a message to Greg Heffley….Think on your sins.'' Laura said as she chucked the camera onto his lap. ''Greg?'' John asked. ''Do it.'' Laura said. She then pointed to the exit and John got up to leave, he looked back to get a view of who was there but he couldn't say anything, he knew he couldn't. Greg, Matthew and Peter were talking in the school hall. They were watching people get the stage ready for a school play. There were quite a few of them since the drama club loved to put them on, it as always the same people doing the same roles but they were often quite funny, not meant to be funny but they were. ''So what do you want?'' Matthew asked. ''I have an odd request, I thought you may be able to help me with it.'' Peter said as he looked at the set being built. ''Of course.'' Matthew said. ''I want an article put in.'' Peter requested, the other two got confused, this wasn't his kind of thing. Well I hope you enjoyed and please review. What would you like to see? Do you like these OC's?The diary parts will come back soon. I know some of you had problems imagining what they looked like so I will post some actors of who I base them on but please think of their younger selves. John= Ben Cumberbatch, Ralph= Many Bennett, Peter= Aiden Quinn and I'll post the rest in the next chapter. Until next time, have fun,[Chapter 11] Hello and welcome. I hope you enjoy and please review. i would like to thank Lunalovegood4ever and anyone who has reviewed. Chapter 10: New girl Greg and Rowley were sat in the newspaper room. It was quiet as usual but the tension was high, they were staring at each other, nostrils flaring. Matthew and Angie walked in, they saw how the two just watched each other, like a hunter in the woods. \"What's going on?\" Angie asked. She sounded suspicious and worried, what would happen if these two were fighting. \"Batman.\" Greg said sternly. \"Superman.\" Rowley replied with anger dancing in his voice. \"Not this again.\" Angie yelled with a huff. She and Matthew sat down at the computers, the two were about to start arguing again, a bomb was about to go off. \"Superpowers.\" Rowley said with a strong tone. \"Kryptonite.\" Greg replied but Rowley just smiled, like a devil. \"We've had this for ages…..Stop.\" Angie yelled again. \"Have we got Peters article ready?\" Matthew asked, choosing to ignore it. \"Going out in this edition.\" Angie replied. \"What article?\" John asked as he walked inside, he was covered in bruises. \"What happened to you?\" matthew asked a she noticed the injured guy. \"Skyfall..Really?\" Greg asked. He was referring to the text he sent him. \"Who is Laura?\" John asked Greg. He wasn't bothered about his bruises but he wanted to know what he was dealing with. \"Uh oh.\" Greg said. He suddenly went red, started to sweat and was shivering. He knew something had just happened but nothing had happened, he had just heard the name of the last person he would ever want to see. \"Who is Laura?\" Angie asked, she was holding in a smile but she knew this was serious, very serious. \"...My crazy ex.\" Greg admitted, he struggled to admit it but it was true. \"How crazy?\" Rowley asked. \"Like she followed me from New York….That crazy.\" Greg said. \"Don't tell Holly.\" Angie quickly said. \"What?\" Greg asked. \"Just don't tell her.\" Angie barked like a military general, Greg thought it would be best to just agree with her. Greg walked up to Holly who had just walked out of her maths lesson. She seemed stressed but then again it was maths, the school equivalent of going to war...half of them rather would then go back to the maths lessons with their teacher. \"How was it?\" Greg asked, she seemed traumatised. \"He threatened to throw an axe at a student.\" Holly said. \"How is he still here?\" Greg asked in disbelief. \"Tenure.\" Holly replied. \"Does that even apply to high schools?'' Greg asked and the answer was that nobody really knew. \"Hey, do any of you guys know where…..English is?'' Laura asked. She jumped out in front of the two, her hair was as golden as the sun but her face was pale, she didn't seem to tan well. Her eyes shined like emeralds, her smile was one of the Joker though...She'd make a great Joker in Greg's eyes. \"Heading there now, I'll show you the way. I'll see you at lunch Greg.'' Holly said as the two girls started to disperse into the crowd. ''Uhh..Seeya.\" Greg said. He was nervous and confused. \"I'm Laura by the way.\" Laura introduced herself as the two walked away. Leon and John were in the changing room. Everybody had finished getting changed and departed for their lessons but the two had decided to stay. \"So how long has this been going on for?\" John asked. He clenched his fistsm ready to smack Leon. \"Long enough.\" He replied. He did the same as John. \"Great...80's action movie cliches.'' John replied. Leon just smiled at this, John just stared at him with his blank expressions. \"And here was me thinking we were going to get to fight.\" Leon replied with another 80's quip. \"When you're ready.\" John said. They were about to attack each other but before they could, the door opened. \"What are you doing? We've got to go.\" Matthew said as he walked in but he was hit by the tension. John quickly followed Matthew whilst Leon just stood there, laughing. The school day was over and Greg managed to find Holly who was still with Laura. He walked up to the two, with the temptation to jump in front of a car. \"You're gonna be in trouble.\" Rowley said. He quickly whispered behind Greg as they approached the two girls. \"The mrs and the ex….Help.\" Greg whispered back. \"I'll prepare the sniper rifle.\" Rowley whispered as he walked away. \"Who would you aim at? Me or her? And he's gone.'' Greg said to himself, he finally realised he was gone. \"Hey Greg.\" Holly said as she gave him a kiss, Laura looked at Greg and blew him a kiss. \"Hey.\" Laura said. Greg seemed a little scared, his leg was shaking. \"Hey guys...How was your day.\" Greg stuttered. \"Well it's been great since I met Holly...She has not shut up about you.\" Laura said. \"All good things I hope.\" Greg said as he tried to keep his eyes focused on Holly. \"Well think of it this way...I was excited to meet you, properly.\" Laura said smiling. \"Do you know what that article they are on about...The one Matthew was forced to put in?\" Holly asked. Greg had an edition and showed her. \"Hidden illuminati apparently, only a small column.\" Greg said but this angered Laura. Over in the distance: John, Matthew and Angie were watching the three talking. John pointed to Laura whilst Angie took a photo. \"You sure that is her?\" Angie asked as she took a photo. \"She's ruined everything.\" John said as he pointed to Laura, she knew they were watching her and sneaked a middle finger. \"Then we sort this out.\" Matthew replied. I hope you enjoyed and please review. Do tell me what you would like to see next? Feel free to ask any questions and I'll try to message you back. Until next time, have fun .[Chapter 12] Hello and welcome. I hope you enjoy so please review. I would like to thank Lunalovegood4ever as well as anyone who has reviewed. Chapter 12: Water fight The last day had arrived and it was long awaited. Greg and Rowley were walking towards their lockers to store their bags. Like most schools, the last day wouldn't really have any lessons because there wasn't anything left to teach but since they had to be there, the school would find something to do with them. \"So why exactly are we doing this?\" Greg asked as they threw their bags into the locker. Rowley took out two large water guns that were clearly specifically brought for the occasion. \"The school wide water fight?\" Rowley asked as he handed Greg's his. Greg had a very large blue one that seemed more like an assault rifle whilst Rowley opted for two small green ones. \"Yeah, why?\" Greg asked as they strolled outside where the whole school was gathering. \"Because we can't do paintball and laser tag is expensive.\" Rowley explained. The sun was hot, you could feel it burning your skin as soon as you walk outside. \"This is ridiculous, you know that right.\" Greg replied as they walked up to a bucket of water. Everyone was filling up guns, water balloons and bottles. \"Guys, you ready?\" Angie said as she ran over to them. She was holding a water balloon cannon and was dressed more like Rambo. She had a military jacket and red felt tied onto her head. Holly was standing next to her, she was wearing a similar jacket but had a belt filled with water balloons, she was holding a slingshot. \"You know you've put way too much effort into this right?\" Greg asked. The two girls just looked at him and scowled. \"So its us along with Matthew and John. We're going to be inside the bleachers and then camp there.\" Holly explained as she took out her phone and showed them the map of the school, she had a waterproof case for it today. \"Right, I'm also linked with the football team so they may end up joining us.\" Rowley interrupted. \"This is going to be awesome.\" Matthew said as he and John ran over. They were dressed in their gym clothes but were carrying water guns that were larger than their own arms. \"Bleachers yeah?\" John asked. \"Yeah, we've got some bottles in the bag for refills.\" Angie explained. Greg looked down and picked up the bag despite not being so sure on it. The whistle then went and everyone started to head for a base. They had to wait until the second whistle to begin fighting. He looked out at the sports field, it had been filled with random gym equipment to be obstacles and water sprayers were put on the field so they can unleash water at everyone. \"This is going to get out of hand.\" Greg said. They all chose to ignore his low level of enthusiasm. They headed for one of the bleachers, Angie liked to hang out there so she knew stuff would already be there. They walked into it and put all their equipment down and then sat on the chairs. Greg put out the bottles of water incase they were needed for extra ammo whilst John went on look out. John had got bigger, he was taller but also much more muscular now, Matthew was getting more muscular but he was still more bones. They waited for a few minutes and then they heard it, the whilst. There was a loud cheer that made the water tremble, like a T-Rex moving. Greg knew this was going to get out of hand but as he looked around, he could see the excitement in everyone's eyes. Literally 37 minutes later Greg was running through the field, past all of the obstacles like a tire or gym equipment. He was trying to run as fast as he could, he looked back but as he did he could see people were coming up close to him. They were launching their water balloons towards him. Each one burst and out came a mountain of pepper water. A guy on a bike rode up to him, going as fast as he could, he had a balloon in one of his hands. Greg noticed him and pushed him off the bike and he fell into some drums that had been put there for some reason. \"This has got out of hand.\" Greg said as he kept running. There were at least four people behind him, all as water thirsty as everyone else but they had bikes. Greg ran past a few boxes which is when Holly jumped up and fired a water balloon using her slingshot and then knocked another guy off his bike. The last three stopped and took out their guns but as they did: Matthew, Angie, John and Rowley threw buckets of water over their direction. Holly managed to jump for cover but Greg was hit by a rogue water balloon that the bikers had thrown and fell to the ground before the water hit him. Greg was lying on the ground, completely soaked. He could hear the song 'The End' by The Doors playing. The sound of sprinklers rotating were soothing and as he watched the bikers fall off their bikes and they were flooded by the tsunami that was thrown at them, all he could do was stare up at the clouds. \"Well on that note, I need the toilet.\" One of the bikers said as they all got up and left. \"I do love the smell of water in the morning...Smells like victory.\" Rowley said as he helped Greg get up. \"So...That was intense.\" Greg said as he was handed a water gun. The group started to walk down through the field, there was barely anyone left. As they walked they noticed a naked guy running across the field. \"Always one...They go mad with fear.\" Rowley said, he sounded so gritty and angry. \"We've been doing this for like half an hour...And what do the school say?\" Greg asked. \"Last day antics.\" Matthew shrugged. Laura and Ralph were watching them from the top of the bleachers. They had binoculars and water guns by their side. Peter then walked up to them, not holding any weapons. \"They're right there.\" Laura said as she pointed towards Greg and his friends. \"You know what I want.\" Peter asked, he had his trademarked devilish smile. \"And you will have it.\" Ralph said as he walked towards Peter, all he did was smile and turn away. The group were still walking through the field, filling up their guns by using a sprinkler. They noticed a guy running towards them, they had water balloons sellotaped to their chest. \"What?\" Greg asked as he saw the guy. Angie fired a water balloon at him using her canon. The balloon was launched through the air and exploded on impact, taking the rest of the balloons with it and drenching the guy. Before they could celebrate however, another came up from the other side and hugged Matthew which caused the balloons to break. He turned around and ran away but Angie fired another balloon at him which hit head but didn't break. \"IT'S SO COLD.\" Matthew screamed as his clothes were soaked. Everyone looked at him, confused. \"It is.\" Matthew defended himself but then something happened. They could hear roaring. The football team came charging out with balloons taped to their chests, water guns and buckets in their hands. \"What the hell guys?\" Rowley cried out but it didn't do anything. the Football team were charging towards them, like a stampede. \"Run or fight?\" Greg asked. \"Run.\" Holly yelled and they did. They group started running through the field, heading towards the locker rooms. They were being chased though and the team were catching up fast. They were close and tight, running in a formation so that they could ram them over. One of them slipped on the water balloon that didn't explode and as he did, he tripped several others along with him. They fell to the ground and their balloons either burst or they dropped their buckets which caused the rest of the guys of fall down like dominoes. \"What the hell?\" Laura asked as she watched the team fall like a slapstick comedy group. \"Come on.\" Ralph said as he picked up his gun. The two walked across the field, towards the group. Greg noticed them and lead the group towards their two enemies. As they got closer, Ralph fired a blast of peppered water from his gun at Rowley. \"Why would you put pepper in it?\" Rowley screamed as it went into his eyes. \"Take them down.\" Ralph said as he aimed his gun at the others. Holly fired a balloon at him but he moved his head and squirted her and Angie with the water. \"Hey Greg.\" Laura said with a smile. She pulled out a mini batman water gun she got from her little brother. \"Not with that, please.\" Greg begged. \"I'M BLINKING IT IN.\" Rowley screamed out. \"Fine.\" Laura said as she pulled out a balloon and threw it at him. He caught it in the air and threw it at Ralph. Ralph stayed silent but turned away so he could get the peppered water out of his eyes. Greg, John and Matthew were stood there, aiming their guns at the ex. She shrugged and shot Matthew and John with the batman gun but Greg squirted her in the eyes with water. It wasn't peppered but it angered her. \"You asshole, you said you loved me.\" Laura said as she ran towards him but Holly used Angie's launcher to fire a balloon. It smacked her in the head and knocked her head to the ground and the water and balloon made itself at home in her hair. \"This is getting rather intense.\" Greg said to himself. Around about 5 more hours later The group were leaving the school for the summer ahead. They had trashed the school as the fight escalated to the point that someone used a water balloon that they had frozen. They missed their target but ended up smashing a window. \"So, what did you think?\" Rowley asked as they left the school. \"What kind of school allows that?\" Greg asked. He had been there for a year but honestly, were there no consequences to their actions? \"Fun right?\" Rowley asked. \"...Yeah it was pretty fun.\" Greg said. I hope you enjoyed so please review. Did you like this chapter? Did you like the new direction? Do you have any recommendations for storylines. They're going to be out of boxish kind of stories now though. Until next time, have fun.[Chapter 13] Getting ready for the party Greg and Rowley were staring at each other, their eyes locked in what could only end up in brutal combat. Their stares could destroy an entire building but they had spent at least ten minutes giving each other the look of the devil himself. They stood in Angie's kitchen, in between them was a table that was the only thing stopping them from unleashing pure fury and chaos upon each other. \"Gin and tonic.\" Rowley said quietly. \"Scotch and soda.\" Greg argued. \"GIN AND TONIC.\" Rowley roared like a mighty Lion. \"SCOTCH AND SODA.\" Greg screamed back. The two just stared at each other for a moment, waiting for the civil war to break out. \"What the hell are you two arguing about now?\" Angie said as she walked into the kitchen holding a box of alcohol. She started to put them onto the table and take them out neatly. \"We're trying to decide the most sophisticated alcoholic drink that can make us look sophisticated yet mysterious to the ladies.\" Greg explained as he took one of the bottles of vodka, looking at it. \"Really? You're sixteen...A glass of any of that is going to have you on the floor.\" Angie explained as she took the vodka away from him. \"Well...If we look good then it's ok.\" Rowley said. \"Jesus christ, Holly breaks up with you and a week later you're already trying to get with random girls.\" Angie said. She looked at Greg with disbelief and he looked at her with a face that had panic written all over it. \"That's a point...Is Holly coming tonight?\" Greg asked. He tried to sound manly about it but he knew that he was coming off as even worse. \"She's one of my best friends and a popular girl...She's probably coming.\" Angie said. She tried to sound sad for Greg but he knew the situation, they were friends. \"Why did you two break up anyway?\" Angie asked. \"Because shut up that's why.\" Greg said maturely as he walked away. He walked towards the back garden, Rowley followed him but kept his distance. He walked up to his friend and patted him on the back, he could see that he was in pain. The two looked rather different, they were opposites. Greg was a tall but skinny teenager whereas Rowley was no short but he was a large guy, he found the muscle helped with football. Greg had messed up his short but curly black hair so that it looked like he hadn't put effort into it. Rowley on the other hand had a more militant like ginger hair cut. The both were pale though, their only similarity, even their clothing was the opposite today. Greg wore a long sleeved T-shirt and jeans whilst Rowley sported three quarter trousers and a blue shirt. \"How you feeling man?\" Rowley asked as they stared at Angie's garden. Her mother had an obsession with garden gnomes but not any garden gnomes. They looked over the garden, staring at the gnomes that were made to look like literary characters. \"Remember that issue of Archie where Archie and Betty break up and everybody is trying to work out why.\" Greg said as he stared at gnomes of Sherlock and Moriarty. They are stood on a bridge over a mini pond, Moriarty is falling back as Watson is behind him whilst Sherlock pushes him….It was very weird. \"I'll be honest...I didn't read it.\" Rowley said as he stared at the invisible man one, trying to work out whether it was actually there or not. \"Read it dude, it's legit.\" Greg said. He wanted to act cool but he secretly loved them. \"Legit?\" Rowley asked, trying to hold in the laughter. \"Shut up.\" Greg said as he turned around to head back in. \"Whatever happened with your ex and Ralph...They kind of just disappeared?\" Rowley asked as he opened the door. \"I dunno, they gave up?\" Greg replied. He didn't know and to be honest, he didn't really care. The two walked inside and helped Angie setup. She wanted to have a party to celebrate something, Greg and Rowley didn't really pay much attention so they actually had no idea. Angie knew that but she wasn't going to do anything about it, she was actually celebrating getting an internship at a local news station and she never really threw parties anyway. She wasn't much of the girly girl but Matthew convinced her to throw a party. \"You guys need to help out...Here, take this.\" Angie said as she handed Greg a large box of items. \"What is it?\" Greg asked. \"Just put it in the back.\" Angie said. Greg shrugged and took the box into the back. He made his way into the garage and dropped the box but there was a smash. He looked around the garage, it was filled with boxes...You'd think they were going to move or something. He looked down at the box, worried and scared...What if he smashed a gnome that looked like Dorian Grey or something. He opened the box and nearly fainted as he discovered what was inside. He looked into box and burst into laughter, ignoring the fact that he had smashed some things. He picked up a photo of a young Angie and howled with laughter as he looked at it. She wasn't wearing her normal tomboy outfit but a pink, frilly dress. He nearly wet himself but as he managed to get it together he looked into the box to see a smashed John Constantine gnome, he was a little creeped out by it but he decided to ignore it and dash back into the kitchen. He zoomed in, going as fast as he possibly could. He slided in, holding the photo up in the air with victory written onto his face but as he looked at the people in front of him, he slowly fell to the ground. \"Hey Greg.\" Holly said. She was stood right infront of him, trying to hide in her group but Greg knew she was there. \"Holly came to help me get ready.\" Angie said as she tried to break the awkward silence. She looked at the photo that Greg was holding, she instantly filled with rage as she looked at the photo of her...When she was fifteen and her mum made her enter a beauty pageant. \"I'm just gonna…\" Greg said as he looked at Angie, noticing the rage. He slowly stepped back and ran for his life. Angie calmed down and then looked at Holly and her friends. \"I'll get him later.\" Angie said. She then looked at Rowley, giving him the look that the devil gives new arrivals. \"I'll make sure nobody sees the picture.\" Rowley said as he went looking for Greg. Well I hope you enjoyed so please review. I'm trying to make it more descriptive and a little more comedic but let me know what you think. Until next time, have fun. ","Summary":" Hello and welcome. I hope you enjoy and please review. Thank you Lunalovegood4ever for your help an"},{"Movie":"(500) Days of Summer","Title":"5 Seconds of Summer Preferences","Author":"jellycorns","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10977009","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey guys! My friend and I decided to write a few preferences, and we hope you like it! – J *side note: (Y/N) – your name; (Y/F/N) – your friend's name; (Y/F/C) – your favorite color) Luke: You bounced on the balls of your feet excitedly, hardly able to believe that you were going to meet 5 Seconds of Summer, even just for less than a minute. You were waiting with (Y/F/N) in a line that seemed to stretch for miles and miles, and had been standing for nearly eight hours. Now, less than twenty people stood before you. After about ten minutes, a guard signaled for you and (Y/F/N) to follow him. Biting your lip nervously, you quickly ran your fingers through your hair, mentally planning what you were going to say to them. Suddenly, you saw four figures standing in front of a screen, and you and (Y/F/N) let out a scream. You were instantly enveloped in their embraces, and you forced yourself not to cry. \"Hey,\" Ashton flashed a grin at both of you. \"What are your names?\" \"I'm (Y/F/N),\" (Y/F/N) piped up, and you giggled at her enthusiasm. \"(Y/N),\" You told them, and felt Luke's stare boring into you. Cheeks flushing, you smiled at him and then quickly looked away. \"Okay girls, smile for the camera,\" A woman held her camera up, and you smiled for the camera. \"Hurry up. Other people are waiting,\" Somebody started to usher you back outside, but you felt a hand on your shoulder. \"(Y/N),\" You turned around and saw Luke looking down at you. \"Hey.\" \"Um, are you free tomorrow?\" \"I think so,\" You replied quickly. \"I mean, yes, I'm pretty sure I am.\" Mentally face palming, you forced yourself not to babble anymore. \"You wanna meet at the park just across the street from here?\" \"S – sure,\" Was this really happening? Did Luke Hemmings just ask you out on a date? Well not really a date , you told yourself. \"I'll see you then,\" He winked, before (Y/F/N) started to drag you out the door. \"Bye!\" You shouted, and already started to daydream about the next day. Michael: Sitting in a chair at the hair salon, you tried not to squirm as hair stylists worked on your hair. You had chosen to dye your hair (Y/F/C), which was what you had been planning to do for a while now, but had never gotten around to doing it. You heard the door to the hair salon swish open, and you tried to peer at the customer through the mirror. Alas, he was out of your sight, and you shrugged and waited patiently for the hair stylists to dye your hair. ~ about 1 hour later ~ Once you decided you were satisfied with your hair, you rose from the chair, and gasped when you saw a teenage boy with red hair. \"No way,\" You breathed. He turned around, and you tried to take in the fact that Michael frickin Gordon Clifford was looking at you. \"Hey!\" He smiled at you, and you tried to get yourself together and talk to him. \"Um hey Michael, um, I'm a really big fan of yours,\" You blushed, and he chuckled. \"Aw thanks! What's your name?\" \"(Y/N).\" \"Nice to meet ya, (Y/N),\" He grinned. \"Hey um, are you free later this week?\" \"Um, yeah,\" Your eyes widened as your pulse began to quicken. \"I'm free everyday this week.\" \"Sweet, wanna meet at the arcade nearby tomorrow?\" He asked. It took you a moment to register that he was talking to you, and you nodded quickly. \"Sure, that'd be great!\" \"Kay then, see ya around tomorrow (Y/N),\" He waved, and walked out the shop. \"This has gotta be the best day ever,\" You did a happy little dance, and rushed home to get yourself ready for the your date with Michael. Ashton: You walked along the aisles of Target, looking for a 5 Seconds of Summer CD. When you spotted the music section, you dashed over, and immediately began scavenging for their album. After a few minutes of rummaging through stacks of CD's, you finally found you were looking for, and held it to your chest. \"Nice choice.\" You whipped around to see where the voice had come from, and found yourself face to face with a person with dimples and curly hair. \"Holy sh…\" You stared at him, then at the CD cover, then at him again. \"Are you… are you… Ashton I – Irwin?\" \"Yup. And what's your name?\" \"I'm (Y/N),\" You told him with a blush creeping across your face. \"Well (Y/N), do you wanna meet up again sometime? 'Cuz right now I'm sort of busy. What bout tomorrow afternoon I'll pick you up here, and we can go somewhere?\" \"Wait, me?\" You blurted out before you could stop yourself. He tried to hide an amused grin, and you reddened. \"I mean, yeah, I'd love to.\" \"Great. See you tomorrow then,\" He waved, and started to walk away. Your heart fluttered, and you stared after him. \"See you,\" You whispered. Calum: You were attending a 5SOS concert with a few of your friends, and were lucky enough to sit in the front row. As you waited in anticipation for the concert to begin, you prayed that you'd get to meet them. Suddenly, the concert arena went dark, and everyone around you started screaming. Laughing, you screamed along with them, and jumped up and down when the four boys came running on stage. They kicked off their concert with a few songs, and you laughed when they fooled around on stage. Suddenly, Calum strutted over to your section in the middle of a song, and he pulled a face at you. The girls surrounding you shrieked in excitement, and you felt a little disappointed; Calum could have been looking at someone else. He winked at you, or at least you thought he winked at you, before running back to join the others. About an hour later, Ashton threw his drumsticks for the crowd to catch, and they disappeared behind two curtains, a sign that the concert had ended. You and your friends pushed your way through the crowd, muttering, \"sorry\" and \"excuse me\" to the back of the arena, where the boys had their tour bus parked. To your surprise, you saw them exiting from the back door, laughing and jumping around. You grinned at Calum, your favorite out of all of them, and they noticed you. \"Hey!\" Ashton waved at you guys, and you and your friends squealed excitedly, tackling them in bear hugs. \"What are your names?\" Michael asked. Your friends introduced themselves, and you smiled shyly when it was your turn. \"I'm (Y/N),\" You waved. Out of the corner of your eye, you saw Calum smiling at you, and you reddened. \"C'mon boys!\" Someone shouted impatiently, and they backed away apologetically. \"Sorry, we've got to go. Thanks for coming to our concert!\" Luke waved, and they dashed onto the bus. Calum hesitated, then looked at you in the eye. \"Meet me here tomorrow, just outside the arena,\" He told you, and followed the others. You stood there open mouthed, and saw Calum mouth \"bye\" as their bus drove away.[Chapter 2] Hi this is the \"co-owner\" hope you like this chapter lol oh yeah, quick side note: Y/H/N = your hero nickname – V Luke: You shoot your final enemy down and jump up from the couch, pumping your fist into the air. You turned to smirk at Luke and see him staring at you with his mouth wide open. The rest of the boys burst out laughing and shoving Luke playfully, while he just continues staring at you in wonder. \"Aw dude beaten by Y/N! And she's never even played with us!\" Michael teases Luke. Luke pouts and crosses his arms, \"Well yeah, but in my defense I didn't know she was so good.\" He grabs his stuffed penguin, Pingu, and curls up in the corner of the sofa you were seated on. Calum mock-scowls at you, \"I don't like what you have done to my girlfriend.\" He wraps Luke in a hug from behind, telling him that it was okay. Michael and Ashton stare uncomfortably at each other, unsure of whether they really wanted to play or not. You high-five your friend and set up another round of Call of Duty. \"Okay, so we've made a plan,\" Ashton starts, only to have Michael pipe in. \"It's all of us against the two of you,\" he gestures to your friend, who is sitting behind you. \"Fine.\" You both say simultaneously, giggling right after it. The boys just stare at you in confusion as you two click Start. Calum : You and Calum were playing Call of Duty against the other boys, and you were winning by a lot. You were both on your feet, jumping up and down as you tried to shoot down the last remaining members (also known as Michael and Ashton) of the enemy team. Your player takes a shot to the leg by Michael, and you shriek in panic. You couldn't leave Calum for himself against two, or else he was sure to loose. \"NO!\" Calum hollers and shoots Michael's player to the head. Michael gasps and glares daggers at him. You giggle as he advances on Ashton's player, only to be shot in the arm. The two of you move towards the player together, rolling sideways and finally, you shoot Ashton's player in the head. \"Ha, beat that, suckers!\" You high-five Calum as the two of you stick out your tongues at the boys. \"Cal-Pal and Y/S/N strike again!\" Calum poses dramatically, causing you to burst into giggles. \"That wasn't fair. We both know that Y/N is the best at CoD out of all of us,\" Luke pouted, making you actually feel bad about winning. \"Thanks, but no thanks. You guys had four, and Y/F/N is actually really amazing,\" you point out to them. \"Yeah, and you guys also kinda suck so….\" Calum shrugs and turns to face the TV again. You hop onto the sofa, readying yourself to jump. Before Calum can turn back around, you jump onto his back so he's giving you a piggyback ride. \"Danger calls for us, Cal-Pal!\" He instantly catches onto your game and turns his head dramatically towards the kitchen. Then he starts running as fast as he can while carrying you towards it, while you yell \"Onward, my trusty steed!\" at the top of your lungs. Michael: You and Michael were having a sudden death round in your Call of Duty game. Your character is almost dead, while Michael's still has at least 50% of his health left. In a last attempt to win, you set a land mine down and run backwards as fast as your character can go. Michael falls for your trick and sprints right over the land mine, setting it off. You smirk as Michael gasps and then shouts in anger. You do a little victory dance in front of him hug your friend, who was watching the whole time. The boys congratulated you, saying that beating Michael was a big achievement. Michael stood up and poked you in the arm, hard. \"You cheated,\" he growls. \"What? How would I cheat?\" You gasp, eyes widening in shock. \"I don't know, you were the one to do it. I want a rematch,\" he crosses his arms in front of his chest and sets his jaw. \"Um, how about no?\" You say, sarcastically flipping your hair. \"Um, how about yes? I am–\" he stars, only to be cut off by you. You grab his hand, twist it, then push him towards the ground, one foot on his chest. You flip your hair again, then examine your nails. \"I'm sorry, what?\" He smiles crookedly, \"Okay, you're the best. I am the second best though.\" \"Sorry, \" you lean on your foot more. \"I think you meant that Y/F/N is second best. You can be third,\" you say, smiling at his frustration. Grumbling, he pushes your foot off of him and stands up, sitting back on the couch and not saying another word. Ashton: You hear Ashton shout in protest as you headshot him in an intense game of Call of Duty. You throw your remote onto the couch and instantly start talking to your friend as if nothing had happened. \"Beaten by Y/N?\" Michael teases him. \"It's like, her first time dude! What even?\" Calum punches his shoulder playfully. \"Um, no offense, but me and Y/N play this all the time over at my place,\" Y/F/N comments, shaking her head at the boys. \"I call having her on my team next turn!\" Calum shouted over the noise of the now-arguing boys. \"No, I do!\" Luke pushed Calum out of his way and grabbed at his remote. Out of the blue, Ashton yells, \"Not fun!\" and runs up the stairs. The other boys simply ignore him and fight for the Team 2 player 2 remote, shouting loudly at each other. You glanced at your friend and giggled, knowing that the boys could be a while. She raised her eyebrows at you in a silent message. You nod, knowing exactly what she's implying. You silently start up another round of Call of Duty and throw a remote to your friend. The two of you play as you do in her house, except you do so very quietly. You and your friend end up tying, like you always, and you both start laughing. All the boys look up sharply at the two of you. \"Well, you two are sneaky,\" Michael mutters, racing up the stairs after Ashton. You can't help but grin as Luke and Calum leap off the sofa and race after him.[Chapter 3] Hey guys remember to review, follow, and favorite if you liked it :) And I hope you like our story so far! And obviously the \"co-owner\" is so much better at writing than I am lol. *side note: (B/N) – Bully's name (and I'm just going to assume that (B/N) is a boy but it can be a girl too so yeah XD) Luke: Your legs carry you as fast as you can down the sidewalk in the park, and you glance back to see your pursuers still following you. \"(Y/N)!\" (B/N) screeched as he thundered down the stone path with two of his friends. \"I'll give you 10 seconds to hand over your lunch money and I'll let you off easy.\" Tears flowed down your cheeks as you continued to run, determined not to do what (B/N) told you to do. Suddenly, someone grabbed the collar of your shirt and yanked you backward. You fell to the ground, and stared up at them with huge, scared eyes. (B/N) raised a hand to slap your face, but fell backward. His two companions whipped around in shock, and you saw Luke's face contorted with anger as he dragged him away. \"Get away from her!\" He growled. \"And if you dare lay a finger on her again, you'll be sorry.\" The three of them scrambled away quickly and vanished out of sight. Luke knelt down by your side and put a hand on your shoulder. \"You okay?\" He asked. \"Yeah,\" You sniffed and turned your face away. \"I'll walk you back home,\" He stood up, and offered you his hand. You took it gratefully without comment. \"(Y/N), if those bullies ever bother you again, tell me okay?\" He turned his concerned gaze on you. When you reached your doorstep, he gave you a quick hug before dashing off to his house. A smile forms on your lips, and you see him wave one last time before rounding a corner. Calum: You sat with your head lowered as (B/N) delivered a series of kicks and punches to your cowering figure. The pain grew increasingly hard to bear, and you fought against the urge to let your tears spill over. \"There's no one to save you now (Y/N),\" (B/N) sneered. \"Last time you were lucky that a teacher came along - hey!\" You lifted your head as the bully's jeering abruptly ended. You saw Calum dragging him away, and you closed your eyes in relief. Suddenly, he came running back over and helped you up. \"(Y/N),\" He placed a hand on a bruise on your arm. \"Can you walk?\" \"I can try,\" In response, your legs crumpled down under you, and you groan as you examine your ankle. \"Well I could if I wasn't crippled.\" \"Here,\" Calum supported you as you stood up, and then he bent down. Giggling to yourself, you tried not to put weight on your injured ankle as you climbed onto his back. He gallops like a pony back to your house, and then barges into your house and sets you down on your bed. \"I'm fine now,\" You mumble. \"Well, I've got to go,\" He salutes you, making you laugh. Calum waves to you, and runs back out the door before your mom can catch him. \"Bye,\" You whisper. \"Thanks Cal.\" Michael: The air sweeps through your hair as Michael pushes you on the swing. Your legs dangle off the edge of the swing, and you kick them playfully. When it slows to a halt, you jump off only to find yourself sprawled on the floor like a dead bug. Your head was throbbing as you looked up. \"Oops,\" Your heart sank when you heard (B/N)'s voice. \"Accident.\" He aimed a kick at your shoulder, sending you reeling back. You quickly stood up, wincing as pain shot through your biceps. \"That was an accident too.\" \"Get away from her or I'll beat you up,\" Michael leapt to your defense. \"Are you – Michael Clifford?\" He gasped. \"Yeah. Leave (Y/N) alone,\" You grinned at Michael's attempt of being intimidating. (B/N) nodded to your surprise. He started to trudge back in the direction he came from, and you pounced on Michael. \"Thanks,\" You smiled. He laughed and stumbled a little. \"No problem. I think he was scared of me.\" \"You don't look scary at all,\" You shrug, and he pouts. \"That face just gives everything away.\" He gives in starts giggling, infecting you with his laughter. You stare at him for a moment longer and try to picture him as dinosaur. Somehow, it didn't seem possible and you shake your head as you laugh with him. Ashton: You lean against the wall as you watch Ashton rehearse a song on his drums with the rest of the band. The boys were practicing in the garage, leaving the door open. A few people stopped by to watch, but right now there wasn't anyone. Suddenly, a figure looms over you, and you hastily glance up to see (B/N). \"H – hey,\" You mutter. He pulls you up by your hair, and you yank it away from him. Suddenly, a fist drills hard into your stomach, and you slam against the wall. In a flash, Ashton leaps from his drum stool and steps in front of you. \"What. Do. You. Think. You're. Doing,\" He leans in towards (B/N) who slowly backs away. \"Whoa take it easy man,\" He laughs nervously. \"Don't ever come near again, you hear?\" Ashton glares at him. (B/N) nods quickly, and bolts away when Ashton turns to you. \"I'm fine. Thanks Ash,\" You smile. \"You sure you're okay?\" His voice was filled with concern. \"Yup. You can go back to practicing, I'm fine, honest,\" You tell him, and he gives you a tight grin before hopping back onto his stool and launching into one of their other songs.[Chapter 4] Hey so it's me again another chapter yay ~ V *side note: Y/C = your city Luke: You were meeting Luke, your newest Twitter bestie, today. You're super nervous because it seems like Luke cares a lot about hair and you're scared he won't like your hair or anything else about you. In the end, you decide to waterfall braid it and hope it looked alright. You put on your skinny jeans and 5SOS shirt and headed to the airport. Once you got there, you realized that you weren't going to be alone. 5SOS had a lot of fans, and you would have to wait until right before they left to meet up with them. Before you can think about anything else, you hear a bunch of girly screams, and that sends you to as close to the door as you can. You hear gasps and shrieks as the boys move down the line in your direction, not noticing you there. \"Hi there,\" Calum reaches you first. He glances at the phone in your hand, \"Photo? Signature?\" He raises his eyebrows at you, as if it was his first time seeing a fan not freak out. \"I'm Y/N,\" you smile, sticking out her hand. You watch as at first confusion and then recognition lights up his face. \"Oh you're Luke's twitter friend,\" he wiggles his eyebrows up and down at you with a crooked grin on his and whispers, \"Do the same thing to Luke. Pretend you're not a fan, just a person,\" he snickers and then moves down the line, just as Luke approaches you. \"Hi I'm Luke,\" he smiles at you, making you feel bad about what you were about to do. \"Um, yeah, I know,\" you check your phone screen as if expecting a text as a hurt and confused look overcomes his face. His smile fades, and he fiddles with his hands. \"Wait, do I know you?\" he takes a good look at your face, making you widen your eyes. \"Um, not that I know of, but like, who knows?\" You mutter, and shift your center of gravity. \"No… I definitely know you from somewhere…\" He looks at the ground and then back at you, recognition lighting up his eyes. \"You're Y/N!\" he gasps. You giggle and smile, offering him a hand to shake. Instead of shaking it, he steps back and opens his arms, as if expecting a hug. You raise your eyebrows in question, and wait until he nods. Smiling from ear to ear, you jump over the railing separating the fans from the guys, and run into Luke's open arms, holding back tears of joy. Calum: You went on your twitter, waiting for the message that said the boys had arrived in Y/C. And then suddenly, as if summoned by your thoughts, a tweet appears, saying \"arrived in Y/C, excited to explore!\" You bounce on the balls of your feet and gasp when you see Michael's red head of hair coming through the door. Soon Calum would appear. Calum was your new twitter bestie, and it was a mystery how that had happened. You hear shrieks around you as Ashton, then Luke and Calum step through the arrival gates and start walking down the aisles, signing things for fans. Since you're at the end of the line, and on the opposite side as Calum, you decide to wait until the absolute last moment. After another twenty minutes of waiting, the boys finally reached the end of the lines. Deciding this was your chance, you take a few steps back, and before anyone can fill your space, you run and leap over the railing. A couple of guards shout at you, but you ignore them. You watch as Michael turns around and sees you, backing away slowly. Luke and Ashton turn around at the same time. Before Luke can warn Calum, you hop onto his back. He turns his head around and smiles when he sees you. The guards stop right before they reach you, pointing to you and asking if it was okay. The boys nod and the guards leave. \"So, we finally get to meet, eh?\" Calum says as he activates camera mode on his phone. You rest your chin on his shoulder and stick out your tongue at the camera. The other boys come in before your second selfie and join in, so you guys take a couple of group pictures. When you look away you see the remaining fans glaring at you. You shudder, knowing that you were making them all jealous. They probably hated you. \"Don't pay attention to them,\" Michael shrugged and motioned for you to follow them. \"Yeah, they obviously want a piece of this,\" Ashton flexed his arms, making everyone in your small group laugh. Maybe the small amount of hate was going to be worth it. Ashton: You hear your friends gasp as the boys arrive from their flight, looking bedraggled, but amazing all the same. Ashton, your newest twitter friend, walks through the gates, his head turning from side to side. His eyes meet yours, and he smiles widely. You giggle and wave to him, and when he waves back, about twenty other girls think it's for them. Ashton shakes his head and gestures to all the other fans, mouthing wait till I get there . You nod and go on your phone. You open twitter and start a new tweet, which says omg gonna meet ashton in less than 10 minutes so excited! \"So,\" a voice singsongs from in front of you. \"Whatcha doin?\" Ashton tries to peek at your phone screen, but you quickly put your phone away. Almost as soon as you do that, Ashton reaches over the railing and engulfs you in a bear hug. You hear a few gasps and squeals from the other fangirls, who were pushing in on your hug. Simply waving at them, Ashton releases you from the hug and steps back. You see the other boys arriving and waving at you like you guys are all just old friends. \"So, you going to stay behind the bars?\" Luke asks, gesturing towards the metal separating you guys from each other. \"Um, no, duh,\" you roll your eyes and hop over the railing, and stumbling before righting yourself on the other side. You get hugs from all of them, including Ashton again. Calum and Michael pull out their phones at the same time. And then they start arguing about where to take their selfie. My phone? Ashton mouths to you. You nod, and smile towards his phone camera. Luke picks up and joins the two of you halfway through your selfies. By the time Calum and Michael are done, you three have taken at least 30. Calum shoots you a scowl, while Michael just turns around and starts admiring the airport. You hear a bleep come from your phone and see that you have a new Twitter notification. You open Twitter and see that Ashton has posted a new tweet. Ashton5SOS: just met my new bestie in Y/C You smile, noticing how Calum has taken out his phone and how Luke has joined Michael. A snicker from Calum makes you look back at your phone. Calum5SOS: wait what about the band? WHAT ABOUT US? And then Ashton's response: Ashton5SOS: Calum5SOS hate to break it to you, but there was never an 'us' You start laughing your head off, earning yourself confused looks from the others. You link arms with Calum and Ashton, share a glance, and then start walking towards the exit. \"Welcome to Y/C, boys.\" Michael: \"Michael!\" you shriek excitedly as his eyes lock with yours. He smiles, then goes as red as his hair. Wait, what? Fans shriek next to you as he makes his way towards the area where you are. He reaches behind him and scratches the back of his neck. \"Um, hey,\" he says. You stick out your hand for him to shake, and he takes it slowly. You feel yourself blushing, for no reason. \"Did I do something wrong?\" You ask, worry filling your voice. \"What?\" Michael starts laughing. \"No, no, this is just a very strange moment in life.\" You laugh along with him, and then realize that the two of you are still holding hands. You quickly let go and tuck a loose strand of hair behind your ear. \"Oh yeah, I'm Y/N\" you say, trying to avoid making the conversation more awkward. \"I know,\" Michael laughs some more. \"So, I heard you like video games,\" you both say at the same time. You smirk at him and cross your arms. \"Actually, I do.\" You smile mischievously at him. \"Well, so do I.\" He smiles at you. \"Marathon?\" You both yell at the same time, attracting the attention of people beside you. You burst into giggles and Michael just grins stupidly. \"Come on, I'm gonna beat you so bad,\" Michael helps you get over the railing and gives you a piggy-back ride to the car. You let out a loud whoop and laugh as Michael makes weird horse noises. Or at least attempts to.[Chapter 5] Hello my unicorns I'm currently eating a blueberry muffin while I type so be jealous muahahaha :D Anyways hope y'all enjoy the chappie and YOU, YES YOU, REVIEW PLEASE~~~ Okay so let's get on with it.– J Luke: You sat on the edge of his bed, awkwardly cradling a guitar in your arms. Luke sat beside you, trying to teach you how to play. His fingers moved nimbly across the strings and frets, while all you could do was produce weird sounds. \"Ugh Luke just admit it I'm never going to learn,\" You whined as you placed the guitar beside you and collapsed onto his bed. \"Aw c'mon (Y/N), just try,\" He pushed you back up and placed the guitar in your arms. Grudgingly, you started to imitate the position of his hands and fingers, and was mildly surprised when you started to hear yourself play the introduction of \"Heartbreak Girl.\" \"Yes!\" You punched the air and fell back on his bed. \"That was pretty good,\" Luke admitted. \"Pretty good?\" You spluttered. \"I was amazing!\" You nudged him teasingly, and he pretended to whack you with his guitar, making you yelp and then double over in laughter. \"Guess what?\" The side of Luke's mouth twitches. \"What?\" \"You only played like eight seconds of the song.\" \"Ugh…\" This is completely irrelevant but (sadly) I finished my cupcake and I'm like, starving Calum: You watched Calum's fingers as he plucked the strings on the bass, producing a beautiful string of notes. He watched as you tried to mimic his actions, but failed miserably. \"No that's the wrong string. You wanna pluck this one…\" He guided your fingers to a string, and then you plucked it obediently. \"Good girl, (Y/N),\" He teased. Rolling your eyes, you tried again, but the sound came out flat. \"Aw Cal I'm tired. And hungry. And tired,\" You groaned. \"I'm not giving you any cookies until you get through the whole song.\" \"The whole song?\" You stammered and jumped to your feet. \"But – but it took me like ten minutes to play a bar!\" \"Well that means more practice for you I guess,\" A grin tugged at his mouth, and you reluctantly sat beside him and tried to concentrate on his fingers. After about half an hour later, you thought that it must have been a miracle that you had made it through the whole entire song. When the two of you made your way downstairs to scavenge for cookies, you found Mali, Calum's older sister, staring at both of you guiltily. \"Were you looking for cookies?\" She asked a little rhetorically. \"Um, I'm sorry…\" She trailed off when you and Calum exchanged an evil glance, and started to chase after her as she bolted away as fast as she could. \"Mali Koa Hood!\" You screamed. \"It took me so much time to get through the song to be able to eat Joy's cookies, and now you've stole them from me you thief!\" Calum started to crack up, and you couldn't help the giggles escape from you. \"Next time, (Y/N),\" Calum chuckled. \"I'll make sure my sister doesn't eat your cookies again.\" \"Aw,\" You groaned. \"I have to learn it again?\" Michael: Michael demonstrated how to play a chord on his guitar, and you scowled irritably. \"Dude, just… I'm never gonna learn,\" You sighed. \"C'mon, I'm not giving up on ya, (Y/N),\" He set his jaw in determination. \"You hold it like this and you put your hand here and here…\" He adjusted your position of your arms and hands, and you realized that it was more comfortable than your previous posture. Gradually, you started to strum it, and you were surprised that it actually sounded more like what Michael was playing. \"I got it!\" You cried, and he gave you a fist bump. \"Finally,\" Michael sighed and dramatically did a facepalm. \"Can I stop now?\" You giggle. \"No, I actually have to teach you a lot more chords,\" He flashes you a grin. \"But as a reward you can have a magazine with my face on it.\" He reaches into a drawer and produces a teen magazine with a picture of him posing on the cover page. \"You have a serious self-obsession, Mr. Clifford,\" You raised an eyebrow mockingly at him. \"Am not,\" He retorted, and slapped you teasingly. You rolled your eyes. \"You're so childish.\" \"You're such a baby.\" \"Pig.\" \"Whatever. I still have to teach you those chords,\" Michael reminds you, and you groan. \"Kill me now,\" You mutter. \"Sure, not a problem,\" Michael raises his guitar above his head, and you shriek which makes him laugh. Ashton: Your knuckles turned white as you gripped Ashton's drumsticks in frustration. \"No, no, no…\" Ashton chided gently as he observed your grip. \"(Y/N), you're supposed to hold it like this.\" You tried to keep yourself from crying out in frustration as he helped you. The two of you had been sitting at his drum set for nearly an hour now, counting the numerous breaks you took of course. He tried to teach you how to play each drum and the cymbals, but you just couldn't get it right. \"Can we take a break?\" You kicked your feet up on his legs, and he rolled his eyes. \"You've taken what, eight breaks?\" Ashton shook his head, and held up two empty bags of chips. \"And it cost me two barbecue chips.\" \"Erm,\" You giggled guiltily. \"Well… You put me here in the first place.\" You pointed the drumsticks accusingly at him, and he held up his hands. \"I'm just trying to help you to learn how to play the drums so that you'll get a good grade in music,\" He shrugged. \"Fine,\" You sighed. \"Show me the rhythm again.\" He obliged, and you tried to concentrate on the way his wrists, fingers, and arms moved. When he stopped, you tried to mimic him, and the rhythm was there but it just sounded a bit flat. \"That was an improvement,\" Ashton admits. \"But…\" \"Aw c'mon, that was the best I've done.\" \"You just need to flick your wrist more. Like this.\" You waited patiently, staring at the empty bags of chips as Ashton demonstrated what you were supposed to do. \"(Y/N)? Are you even watching?\" Ashton waved a hand in front of your face, and an idea struck you. \"Hey Ash, wanna know how to help me improve?\" You ask mischievously. \"How?\" He raises a wary eyebrow. \"Well, I was thinking…\" You hesitated. \"Could you get me more chips?\"[Chapter 6] A/N: hey what is up my doughnut faces? Let's pretend that Y/U/N = Your Usual Nickname hope you guys like it because it totally took me a super long time Luke: You are studying hard for your high school finals, but Luke wouldn't stop bothering you. He wanted to get you to take a break, as he and the other band members were on one of their rare days off. Unfortunately, your exams were next week, and you had been studying non-stop for the past three days. \"Come on Y/N\" You hear Luke plead from behind your chair. He's been bugging you about playing video games for the past two hours. Choosing to ignore him, you start studying for the Geometry part of your exams. \"Don't pretend to ignore me. Come on ,\" Groaning, you spin the chair around and push him. Seeing as he is a foot taller than you, and also a lot stronger, all he does is stumble back. You see a look of hurt on his face, but it disappears as soon as it arrives. The look that replaces it is full of mischief. \"I see how it is then,\" Is the last thing you hear Luke mutter before you spin the chair around and start copying down the problems onto your study notes. All of a sudden your eyes are covered by something soft and black, and you sigh in frustration. \"Luke, you know that I have to study. I'm really sorry I can't play with you or the rest of the guys.\" You cross your arms. \"Now please remove this thing from my head and let me finish studying.\" \"Fine.\" Luke says happily. Happier than he should've been after two unsuccessful hours of begging. He takes the rag off of your head, and you close your eyes at the sudden light. After opening them again, you see Luke smiling at you evilly. And then he sits on you. You let out a grunt at the sudden weight on your legs and squirm to throw him off of you. Again, he was taller, stronger, and heavier. And now he was blocking your view of your homework. \"So… Will you play with me now?\" he looks at you innocently. \"Fine,\" you sigh and throw your hands up in surrender. \"I give in. You are so stubborn,\" you say, giving a last heave and knocking him to the ground in front of you. You give him a smirk and and help him up. He throws you a happy smile and leads you to the Wii U, where the two of you end up playing Mario 3D Land with the others for the rest of the afternoon. Calum: You had to take the SATs for the third time in high school and your friend Calum wouldn't quit trying to get you to play him. \"Calum, do me a favor and shut your pie whole,\" you mutter. You see a look of mock hurt cover his face as he walks behind the chair. \"I'm giving you five seconds to come with me. You don't wanna know what happens after five,\" he threatens, making you laugh at him. You hear him count up, but just continue studying your analogies. You were halfway through a word when your chair was pulled out from underneath you. You groan as your butt hits the floor and some of your notes fall to the ground beside you. \"You know what? Fine. Two can play at this game,\" you growl and tackle Calum's legs. He stumbles and falls backwards, his grey beanie flying off his head. \"Haha now let's go play the games because you finally decided to take a break,\" he says as he stands up and pushes you into the living room. You end up being happier than you've felt since you started studying while playing FIFA. Michael: \"Look, Y/N, I don't care about some stupid test you have to take.\" you hear Michael say to you from your bed. You throw him a glance but continue pacing. \"I finally get a day off, so you will come and play video games and eat pizza with me. Wether you want to or not.\" You give him a cruel laugh. \"I can't Mikey, I just can't,\" you practically yell as you run your hands through your hair. Snapping your fingers, you sit back down on the floor and answer the question you were stuck on. Michael sighs and sits next to you. \"Please Y/N,\" he looks at you sadly, and you can see that he was really desperate to hand with you. It almost made you want to give in. You give him an awkward side hug and smile. \"Okay, I promise after I finish this that I will spend some time with you. But right now, this is very important,\" you sigh and turn back to your notes. \"You asked for it, Y/U/N,\" you hear him say to you right as your moving on to the next page of your practice work. You feel yourself suddenly be picked up and lifted into the air. Michael throws you over his shoulder and runs out of your bedroom, while you shriek at him to put you down. He snickers at your weak attempts to set yourself free and throws you onto your gaming room couch. The TV was already turned on, and pizza looked like it had just arrived. So that was what you had heard coming in earlier. \"Fine Michael. Fine,\" you say, throwing your hands up behind your head and grabbing a controller. Michael lets out a 'whoop' or joy and sits down on the couch next to you, and the two of you play an intense game of Call Of Duty. Ashton: \"The answer to that is 20 to the power of negative 7 multiplied by a .\" You hear Ashton say to you. He was extremely mad that instead of hanging out with him, you were doing extra homework. So his way of revenge was giving you all the answers. \"Thanks, Ash, but that doesn't help me learn,\" You say through gritted teeth, trying to appreciate his effort to help you as much as possible. He had been in your room for the past hour and a half, just trying to get you to finish work as soon as possible. He shrugged, as if it didn't matter to him. It probably didn't. \"I just thought that maybe the quicker you got your work done, the quick we could actually have fun with each other.\" He saw the expression of frustration on your face and sighed in apology. \"Sorry, I just miss when we used to hang out more.\" \"Me too, Ash, me too,\" you admit as you bite your lip to keep yourself from screaming in anger. This was way too hard to be extra work. Ashton's plan of stopping actually sounded like Heaven to you at right about that moment. \"Well, I can see that you are obviously not happy,\" he stated the obvious as he stood up. You rolled your eyes, making sure that he could see you. And then you felt him tickling your neck. \"Stop. Ashton Fletcher Irwin, stop right this seco–\" You started to scold him, but were cut off when he started tickling your stomach. You let out a shriek as he picked you up bridal style and took you into the living room. He had set up Frozen and two bowls of a ton of ice cream. You gasped and hugged him as best as you could from your awkward position, which satisfied him. He dropped you on the couch and grabbed a couple blankets. And then the movie started with all the annoying music and dancing and magic.[Chapter 7] IS IT MY TURN TO TALK? Ok yeah it is XD (in courtesy of Calum Hood haha) So first of all, a huge THANK YOU to Ariana Victoris (even though she's a guest) for being the first reviewer! And second of all… um… sit back and enjoy this chappie – J *side note: (Y/F/M) – your favorite movie* Luke: Unwrapped gifts lay on your desk as you gloomily stared out the window, your legs dangling off the side of your bed. Your birthday party had been cancelled because you were extremely sick, and only began to recover the day after. \"(Y/N)!\" You heard a familiar voice call your name. You lifted your head in surprise. \"Luke?\" You called. Suddenly, there was a knock on your door and you dashed over to it and flung it open. He stood there grinning, a poorly wrapped gift clutched tightly in his arms. \"Happy birthday (Y/N),\" He smiled and handed the gift to you. \"Aw Luke,\" You embraced the present, wondering what was inside. \"You didn't have to.\" \"Well it's your birthday. Oh, and don't mind my wrapping skills,\" He added with a blush. You nod and sit on your bed, glancing up at him for permission to rip it apart. You interpret his nod as a signal to do so, and gasp when you reveal the contents of your gift. \"Oh my gosh this is so cute!\" You cried as you held up the penguin plush toy. It was identical to the one that Luke owned. \"I'm glad you like it,\" He chuckles when you hug the stuffed animal tightly. \"I love it,\" You whispered. \"Thank you so so so much.\" Suddenly, he grabbed your hand and pulled you over to his shared house with his bandmates, and find it empty. There was a huge television in their basement, and apparently Luke had set it up before hand to make it look like a real theater. The introduction to (Y/F/M) began to play, and you sat beside him on the couch, sharing a bowl of popcorn. When the narrator was rambling on about the movie, you spread your arms wide for a hug. He leaned towards you in reply, but messed up his perfectly quiffed hair instead and rolled off the couch when he tried to slap your face gently. He crossed his arms over his chest, pouting. You laughed to yourself and hugged him. Maybe your birthday wasn't so bad after all. *side note: (Y/F/C) – your fave color :) yeah that's all I have to say.* Calum: Checking your watch urgently, you willed your friend Calum Hood to come. All of your other friends you invited were awaiting his arrival excitedly, and you didn't want to disappoint them. Suddenly, your friends start to scream and you rolled your eyes. You hadn't heard the doorbell go off so it couldn't be Calum. \"Hey (Y/N), happy birthday.\" You whipped around to see where the voice came from, and looked up to see Calum holding out a huge box. \"Cal!\" You cry, and awkwardly give him a hug from the side as he leans towards you since he was unable to put the gift down at the moment. He was instantly surrounded by a group of your screaming friends, and you sigh in exasperation. \"Guys, give Calum some space!\" You heard someone shout, and turn to see the other members of 5 seconds of summer arrive. The majority of the girls disperse, crowding around their idols. A grin formed on your face as you watched them fangirl, and you hung out with them until it was time for the cake to be cut. ~ ONE HOUR LATER ~ You were opening gifts, and most of it was a bunch of stationery, clothes, bags, and gift cards. Finally, you were down to the last gift: Calum's. You glance up at him hesitantly, and he gives you an encouraging smile. Immediately, your nimble giners tore apart the wrapping paper, and you were left with a box. You shoot him a really-did-you-have-to-use-a-box-and-wrapping-paper look, and he laughs. A grin spreads over your face as you lift the cover of the box to reveal its contents. You gasp as you held out a (Y/F/C) dress, the one you wanted to buy for months. \"I guess complaining to you about my lack of money does work,\" You smirk at your friend, who sticks his tongue out in response. Apparently the sight of your dress had earned gasps from your friends, and giggle as you watched them admire your new garb. \"Thank you so much Calum,\" You tell him gratefully. \"No problem, (Y/N),\" He replied, a smile still plastered on his face. You scooted over to him so that you could hug him, and this time he hugged you back. \"Happy birthday.\" Michael: \"Trust me, (Y/N),\" Michael laughed as you squirmed uncomfortably. He had blindfolded you because he wanted his gift to be \"extra special.\" Right now you at his house, and he was leading you somewhere. Suddenly, Michael pushed you gently so that you fell back on his bed. \"Now, put your hands out… closer… like that.\" The sound of his feet shuffling was audible as you waited patiently with your hands outstretched. \"You done Michael?\" You tried to keep the impatience out of your voice. \"Yeah, um almost! Hold still you… Um, I meant sit still and don't move!\" He shouted from outside. Confused, you pulled up the corners of your blindfold, then quickly let it down when you heard his footsteps gradually growing louder. \"Okay now um… Actually make a circle with your hands… Yeah, like that. Except now put them on your lap,\" He instructed you, and you did as you were told. \"Now can I have my gift?\" You teasingly asked. \"Yeah hold on, you ready?\" \"Yeah,\" You nodded excitedly. Suddenly, something furry made contact with your hands, and you felt the blindfold slip off your head. \"Happy birthday (Y/N)!\" Michael grinned. \"It's the puppy you said you really liked the other day.\" \"Oh my gosh,\" You breathed at the sight of the puppy in cradled in your arms. \"Michael, you – you – this is the best birthday gift ever,\" Voice cracking, you looked up at him with tears in your eyes. His expression softened, and he gave you a quick hug. \"I'm glad you like it,\" He rubbed the back of his neck as he watched you stroke your new puppy. \"I just thought that I could get you the dog you've always wanted so that it can keep you company when the boys and I are on tour.\" \"Aw, thanks Michael,\" You smiled. \"No prob,\" He yawned, stretching his arms. \"Hey, remember that car that I liked?\" Ashton: You were walking home with your gang, people constantly wishing you happy birthday, which forced you to repeat the phrase \"thank you\" multiple times. Suddenly a car pulls up almost directly in front of you as you began to cross the road. The window winds down. \"Hey (Y/N),\" Your best friend Ashton grins at you. \"Ash what are you doing here?\" You hiss as your friends gasp in amazement. \"Get in, I'm giving you a surprise birthday treat,\" He explains vaguely. Rolling your eyes, you mumble a quick farewell to your friends and promise them you'll text them later. Once you got in the car, Ashton sped away, making you gulp a little. \"Where are we going?\" You asked curiously, eager to know where he was taking you. \"Well it wouldn't be a surprise if I told you straight out where I was taking you would it?\" He let out one of his signature giggles and earned a laugh from you. Suddenly, he pulled up in some deserted parking lot, and opened the door for you. \"Why thank you,\" You grinned as he closed the door behind you. He led you into a dark building. \"PREPARE FOR WAR!\" A familiar voice shouted and you heard the thundering of feet behind you. You whipped around and came face to face with the rest of the boys from the band, as well as Calum's sister and Luke's two brothers. Every one of them wore a black vest with either a red tag or a blue one. \"Laser tag?\" You squealed excitedly at the prospect of playing one of your favorite outdoor games. They nodded in unison. \"It was Ashton's idea,\" Calum said as he nudged you. \"Aw thanks Ash,\" You tackled him with a hug, and he picked you up and carried you to pick your gun. \"Well you'd better pick your weapon quickly, (Y/N), 'cuz I can't wait to get started and beat you,\" He teased. \"Uh uh,\" Glaring at him, you shook your head. \"I'm going to crush you Ashton Irwin.\" \"We'll see,\" He let out a booming laugh as the two of you finished selecting your choice of weapon. \"Let the games BEGIN!\"[Chapter 8] A/N omg I'm so so so terribly sorry I couldn't think of what to write about so I feel REALLY bad ;( anyways, hope you like this bad chapter that I had to rush so you wouldn't hate me … PS – sorry it's really short… again, I had to rush them so I hope they qualify as long enough. PPS – Y/F = your favorite food Luke : \"Why did I agree to this?\" you groan, securing the safety bar over your waist. \"Because I'm your friend and you would do anything for me?\" Luke blinks at you innocently, and you roll your eyes. Suddenly the ride starts up, and everyone cheers. Luke grabs your hand in his, just as your cart shoots forward at an amazing speed. You shriek, scared and excited at the same time, and throw both your hands into the air. Luke laughs and throws his other hand up too. The world tilts to the right, then to the left, and makes an impossible spin back upright. \"Having fun?\" Luke's voice shouts over the screaming people and the whoosh of the wind. You nod and giggle as the camera flashes. You probably looked terrible in that photo. When the two of you get off of the ride a few minutes later, the hair on your heads is destroyed because of the wind and your cheeks are flushed red. Luke jogs behind you as you skip to the computer screens showing the photos. Two familiar faces appear on one of the screens, and you burst out laughing. You had been laughing, so you looked happy and good. Luke had been talking, or screaming, or whatever, so his mouth was wide open and one of his eyes half closed. He catches up to you and scowls when he sees what you find hilarious. \"You know, it's not that funny,\" he says, trying to reach for your wrist to drag you away. You whack it away as a familiar galaxy-colored head reaches you guys. \"Actually, it is,\" Michael chuckles, and you give him a hug. You, Luke, Michael, Calum, & Ashton were hanging at Disney today, and you were having an amazing time. Who knew not being a kid was fun?\" \"Y/N actually looks alright, but man Luke. What is this going to do to your reputation?\" Calum says, poking Luke in the arm. Luke crosses his arms stubbornly and storms outside, muttering something about needing to use the bathroom. \"Poor guy,\" you say, mock sympathy in your voice. The others crack up laughing as you exit the gift shop. Luke is outside, scrolling through his Twitter in the shade. His face has lost its red flush and half covered by dark sunglasses. Huh. \"Let's go to that ride!\" you say, mocking his words from earlier in the day. He gives you a glare through his shades, but follows you as the boys lead you guys to the ride they were checking out earlier. Calum : \"Can we please skip this ride?\" you beg, yanking your wrist from Calum's grasp. \"But it's not a real Disney trip until you've gone into the Small World Y/N!\" he whines, acting as childish as you've ever seen him. You roll your eyes and walk away, hearing his footsteps follow you. Ashton was way up ahead, trying to find something on a map. \"Found anything actually worth wasting our time on?\" you huff, crossing your arms in front of your chest. \"Yes, actually,\" Ashton replies, ignoring your attempt to be intimidating. \"We can go to any of these four rides,\" he points to the spots on the maps. \"Good, let's go to this one because it's new!\" you say, excited for the first time. \"But what about the Aladdin's Carpet? Or the Dumbo?\" Calum whines, taking your wrist again. \"Grow up, you big baby,\" you giggle sarcastically, slowly pulling him along. Calum and Ashton make eye contact and smile mischievously. You're about to start running when suddenly your feet leave the ground and giggles fill the air around you. A minute later, you've been placed on a metal Dumbo The Elephant. You glare at Calum just as the toy begins to be elevated, and Calum giggles childishly. \"You suck,\" you say, but giggle as the ride carries on. \"I love you too,\" he says sarcastically, but not without amusement. Michael : \"To never growing up,\" Michael says, touching his milkshake to yours. There's a soft clink sound before the two of you start sipping your separate drinks. \"I wish ,\" you mutter, turning to look at the beautiful entrance to Walt Disney's Magic Kingdom. \"Aw, come on Y/N!\" Michael grabs your hand and runs towards the ticket station, where you almost immediately get allowed in. \"Stop running,\" you gasp to him, never letting go of his hand. Since he was so tall, he could move really fast really easily. You? Not so much. \" Sorry ,\" he says, his voice full of sarcasm, and stops abruptly. A few strangers send him glares, but you two stick your tongues out at them. He picks you up piggy-back style and carries you all the way to the little train that will take you to the 'place where dreams come true.' Your left leg bounces up and down with excitement. You haven't been to this place since you were… what? Six, maybe seven? Now Michael had decided to bring you here not only because he and the boys were tired of work, but also because you desperately wanted to feel like a kid again. \"Geez, calm down woman,\" Michael exclaims, pushing your knee down with his right hand. You giggle and lean your head on his shoulder. \"I'm excited.\" Is all you say. He chuckles, and you can feel him nodding. A small smile passes over your lips, just as the train comes to a stop. \"Ohmygosh, we are really here Michael!\" you whisper-shout as you step out of the train car. \"I know!\" he says, bouncing up and down like an excited little girl. Today was going to be interesting… Ashton : \"Honestly though, Belle was pretty good,\" you argue, gobbling up a fry. Ashton glances at you with amusement and takes a sip of his lemonade. \"But Ariel was a mermaid ,\" he says, pointing to you with a chicken nugget. You roll your eyes. This was the type of conversation you had with a twenty-year-old boy? People probably thought you were crazy weird. \"I also like… Rapunzel from Tangled!\" you snap your fingers and take a bite of Y/F/F. \"Hmm…\" he strokes his chin thoughtfully, as if you had just suggested something that could possibly change the world. Then a smile reveals his dimples as he says, \"You're right, she is pretty cool!\" \"Hands down, one of the best princesses ever, \" You giggle and slam (lightly of course you are in a public place!) your hands onto the table for emphasis. He stares at you with a crooked smile on his face as you sip your lemonade. \"Ew, what's in this?\" \"Salt, lemon, water…\" he says, and you don't notice anything until he makes it obvious. \"Cough, cough, salt …\" \"Oh…\" you say, understanding that he had put salt in your lemonade instead of sugar. His smile falls and you giggle. He takes a bite out of a french-fry and scrunches his nose. \"What, my friend, did you put in my fries?\" \"Sugar?\" you shoot back sarcastically, blinking innocently at him. Ashton's face makes you crack up as he sips his own lemonade. \"Oops?\" you say, but it comes out a question. \"It's okay, I understand completely,\" he grabs another chicken nugget and keeps eating as if nothing out of the ordinary happened. You copy him and finish eating Y/F/F at once, not wanting to keep you guys from going to Disney.[Chapter 9] Yay so basically I was daydreaming in class about school being exciting, and like 5sos was the first thing that popped into my head. Like after they've become famous, but you're still their friend… Ahh you know what, just read and enjoy :) – J *side note Y/F/N – Your Friend's Name and Y/S/N – Your School Name Luke: \"To solve a quadratic equation by completing the square, you have to move this number to the right… and then divide this number by two and square it…\" As your algebra teacher rambled on and on, the only thought that stuck in your head was the fact that your best friend, Luke Hemmings, was performing at your school during your lunch period. You reminded yourself to ask him for help with your algebra homework after school. To your relief, the bell rang for your lunch break, and you immediately gathered up your gang and headed for the cafeteria. Just as you neared the food haven, a chorus of screaming broke out. \"What's going on?\" (Y/F/N) inquired. A grin broke out on your face when you realized that she had no idea that you knew the band both of you adored, much less the fact that they were visiting your school. \"You'll see,\" You wiggled your eyebrows mischievously as you and your friends squeezed your way into the crowded cafeteria. \"All right everyone,\" The sound of Ashton's voice rose above the overexcited screaming of fans. \"Omigosh. Is that Ashton Irwin?\" (Y/F/N) widened her eyes and stood on her tiptoes to get a better view. \"You bet it is,\" You smiled at your friend's excitement, and tiptoed as well. \"Thank you all for letting us perform at (Y/S/N)!\" Michael waved to everyone, and then he turned around to whisper excitedly to his band mates when he caught your eye. Luke soon came into view, and he smirked at you, making you gulp. \"We would like (Y/N) to perform with us,\" He announces, and everyone gasps and turns around to face you. \"Luke!\" You hiss as your cheeks visibly reddened. When he noticed that you refused to budge, he leapt off stage and was barely protected by flimsy makeshift barriers. You inched backwards out of his reach, but your giggling friends shoved you into Luke's arms. \"Dude! You know I can't sing.\" Much to your despair, you were eventually hauled on stage and Luke held a microphone in front of your lips as the boys started playing \"She Looks so Perfect.\" Reluctantly, you sang with Luke, and the both of you were rewarded with the cheering of your schoolmates. You were flooded with happiness as Luke hugged you fiercely, and you leaned against him as you watched everyone else beneath the stage. *side note: (Y/L/N) – Your Last Name and (Y/P/N) – Your Principal Name Calum: You stared blankly ahead as your humanities teacher droned on and on about the history of the Roman Empire or whatever. Not that you actually cared. Silently urging time to go faster, you stole a glance at the clock and accidentally groaned out loud when you realized you had an hour more to go. \"Would you like to share with the class what is bothering you, Ms. (Y/L/N)?\" Your humanities teacher inquired, and the entire class swiveled around in their chairs to stare at you. Your cheeks reddened when you couldn't think of an excuse. \"Uh… My back was um, hurting… and I just er… twisted it…\" You trailed off, and your teacher was motioning for you to carry on. \"And um, it hurt… a lot…?\" Suddenly, there was a knock on the door and you let out a breath. You turned towards the door to see who your savior was, and your mouth dropped open when you saw… \"Calum?\" The name of your best friend left your mouth in unison with a few others. \"Luke? Ash? Michael?\" The four figures standing in the doorway grinned and waved at you, then took a hesitant step in. \"Hey, we're 5 Seconds of Summer,\" Ashton, always the quirky one, announced, and your class cheered. \"Is it okay if we join your class for a while? Mr. (Y/P/N) has allowed us to tour your school. I know it might seem weird that we just appear out of the blue but…\" He stopped abruptly when Michael elbowed him in the ribs. \"No problem,\" Your teacher replied in his monotone voice. Calum strutted towards you, grabbed a chair, and sat next to you. All the girls in your class started moving their chairs closer towards the band members of 5 Seconds of Summer, who were seated somewhat close to you. \"Hey,\" You whispered to Calum. \"What are you doing here?\" \"Well, you came to our house complaining how boring school was, so we thought we'd come visit you,\" He replied with a mischievous twinkle in his eye. You smiled sweetly. \"What makes you think I have more fun with you around?\" You joke, making him pout. \"Nah I'm joking. Thanks for coming, Cal.\" \"No problem, (Y/N),\" He grinned, discreetly sliding an arm around your waist to draw you into a hug. \"I'll make today the best school day ever.\" *side note: (Y/F) – Your Friend and (N/Y/C) – Name of Your City Michael: A huge, blank piece of paper sat in front of you, and its emptiness seemed to be mocking you. You and a few of your friends were working on a science project and so far none of you had anything done. Websites containing information on photosynthesis were opened up on your laptop. You glanced over at your friends' screens, and grinned to yourself when you saw them searching up images on the band, 5 Seconds of Summer. You were secretly best friends with their band, but you didn't tell others in fear of spreading rumors. Following their lead, you searched up pictures of Michael Clifford and counted his different hair colors. \"Guys we should get something done,\" (Y/F) sighed. \"But omigosh, dude, I just found out that right now they're touring in (N/Y/C) right now!\" \"Yeah I know,\" You shrugged a little too dismissively, and your friends turned to stare at you. \"How did you know? Like, they just tweeted that they were in (N/Y/C) 4 minutes ago,\" (Y/F) told you suspiciously. \"Oh you know… They hinted that they would be coming here,\" Hastily, you covered up your previous comment with an improvised excuse. Fortunately, they believed what you said and you resumed looking at Michael's hair colors while sharing pictures you found with your friends. \"You know, I just have great hair.\" You spun around in alarm, and came face to face with Michael Clifford. He was bent over and peering at your screen, and your friends started to scream. Unconsciously, your jaw had dropped, and now Michael lifted one hand to close your mouth. \"Michael!\" You whispered excitedly and threw your arms around his neck. \"Why are you here? I mean, oh my gosh, it must be coincidence or something. I was just looking at pictures of you and…\" Cheeks reddening, you trailed off lamely. You glanced back quickly to make sure that the other girls were engrossed in talking to Luke, Ashton, and Calum before resuming your conversation with Michael. \"Psh c'mon we all know I'm hot,\" He retorted, and you rolled your eyes. \"Anyways we just wanted to see how 'boring' your school is, or so you stated just yesterday when we were FaceTiming you.\" \"Well, it's not very fun,\" You shrugged with a sigh. \"Aw c'mon, it can't be that bad,\" Michael raised an eyebrow. \"I mean, not including me of course, but some of the boys in your school are actually pretty cu-\" \"Michael just shut up,\" You hissed, and he giggled, which also made you crack up. \"Don't worry. This won't be the last time I'll be embarrassing you at school today,\" Michael winked and laughed when you mock groaned in exasperation. Ashton: As soon as you walked into the cafeteria, the screaming started. Brows furrowed, you glanced around in utter confusion. There was a huge crowd in the center of the room, and you ran towards it to see what all the commotion was about. You grew frustrated when everyone who was crowding around something didn't let you pass. However, you did notice that there were a few people who were telling others who got too close to back up a bit to give them breathing space. Huh, you thought, so it's alive . Maybe it was an exotic animal? You advance forward slowly, gently pushing through the crowd. You let out a gasp. \"Ashton?\" You whispered, and then realized that he wouldn't be able to hear above the shrieking fans. \"Ash!\" Raising your voice, you waved your arms to try to get his attention. Finally, he turns to you and waves excitedly. Muttering quick apologies, you squeezed to the front of the crowd. Suddenly, a hand reached out and grabbed you by the waist, dragging you towards the boys. You were surprised to see that it was Luke, and smiled. \"Hey,\" He grinned. \"Hi Luke,\" You laughed. Prancing over to the other boys, you greeted them cheerfully, and tried to drown out the protests of the other girls. You sat on the bench next to Ashton was eating sushi. \"Hey Ash. Seems like touring in Japan did have an effect on you,\" Half joking, you stole a sushi roll from him. \"Hey,\" He giggled and pouted when he noticed that he had one less sushi. \"You stole my sushi.\" \"Yeah, no kidding,\" A smile spread across your lips as you stuffed the roll in your mouth. \"So, why did you decide to barge into school and act as if nothing is happening and why am I acting so calm and composed right now?\" \"Okay so one, we just wanted to visit you, two, um,\" He hesitated, thinking hard. \"I have no idea. And three, I know you're freaking out inside,\" He lets out another one of his signature giggles and places a hand on your shoulder. \"You still owe me a sushi.\" \"Quit acting like a big baby,\" You swat his hand off playfully and he pouts. \"But (Y/N),\" He protests. \"You stole it.\" Smirking at him, you grabbed another one and popped it into your mouth.[Chapter 10] 05/25/2015[Chapter 11] Hey guys :P Summer ended, and we're now in school :) And guess what, we'll both be going to a Taylor Swift concert :3 Anyways hope you guys enjoy this chapter and have a great life :) – J P.S. Sorry this was kinda rushed because I realized that I didn't post in a long time so I had to whip something up for you guys xD P.P.S. ALSO if you guys have Instagram, please follow us at pixeltexture and comment so we know you're one of our readers :) Thanks guys! *side note: (Y/F/C) – Your Favorite Color Luke: \"(Y/N), can we please go see the penguins now?\" Luke whines beside you. The boys had taken a day off from their tour, so Luke had invited you to go to the zoo together. Since it was a weekday, but basically only your school was having a holiday, only a few people were milling around with toddlers and little children. \"Be patient Luke,\" You giggle as you nudged him teasingly. \"We'll get there soon; I promise.\" He rolled his eyes, and you shoved your exasperated best friend again. The two of you had seen the elephants, tigers, giraffes; and now you were clicking away on your camera at a few otters that were dunking themselves into the water. As soon as you were done, you followed an overly excited Luke to the artic exhibit, where all the polar bears, seals, and – of course – penguins were kept. You had to maintain a steady jog to keep up with him, silently cursing yourself for having shorter legs than him. But hey, who has legs longer than Luke Hemmings? \"(Y/N)! Look!\" Chuckling to yourself, you follow his gaze to the elegant black and white creatures. A few attention seekers waddled up to the glass wall, while the others dived into their ice-cold pool. \"They're pretty cute,\" You admit and snap a few shots of the penguins in action. When Luke didn't say anything, you glanced up at him, and saw him captivated by what he was seeing. Shaking your head in amusement and annoyance, you wave a hand in front of him. \"Hello? Earth to Luke? I guess you're only attracted to them because both of you are ice cold.\" \"Haha, very funny,\" He retorts, finally turning his attention to you. You shiver involuntarily from the cold, and rub your arms to hopefully warm yourself up. \"Can we go now? It's getting kind of cold,\" You complain, trying to chatter your teeth for effect. Luke sighs and drapes an arm around you. He stole one last glance at the penguins before offering a smile to you. \"Let's go then.\" Calum: The blazing sun scorched down on your backs, lapping waves kissing your toes. The beach looked like something from a movie, and the moment you and the boys had arrived, all five of you had taken tons of photos that could be classified as \"tumblr\". Now, all of you were just walking along the shore, drinking in the calmness of the atmosphere. You hung back a bit, letting the boys enjoy their holiday; you knew how tiring their tours could be. Calum must have noticed your lack of participation in their conversation because he slowed his pace a bit to walk beside you. \"Hey.\" You offer him a small smile. He doesn't answer you immediately, and you tilt you head back to look up at him, squinting your eyes against the bright sun. He had a mischievous grin plastered across his face, and you eyed him suspiciously. \"Don't try anything funny, Hood.\" \"Like this?\" Without warning, he scoops you up in his arms and starts to make his way down towards the shimmering sea. \"NO!\" You shriek as you try to struggle out of his firm grasp. Alas, he didn't seem to loosen his hold on you at all, as he waddled into the blue waters, already knee deep. \"CALUM THOMAS HOOD! I WILL MURDER YOU!\" \"Calm down (Y/N).\" He tries to suppress a laugh, but couldn't help but let out a chuckle. Before I knew it, he was already waist deep, and soon I was shrieking at the top of my lungs when the water reached up to my neck. \"CALUM LEMME GO I'M GONNA KILL YOU LET ME GOOOO!\" Words tumbled out of your mouth at such a rapid pace that it was barely audible. \"Okay fine.\" He stops abruptly when the water skims the tip of your chin as you struggle to keep your head above surface. \"Let's go back.\" You let our a huge sigh of relief as he carries you out of the sea, and you quickly leap out of his arms and glare at him. \"Are you now going to kill me?\" He asks doubtfully with an eyebrow raised in amusement. \"Yes,\" You huff indignantly. You scouted the area around you for something to hurl at him, but couldn't find anything in sight. Calum rolled his eyes mockingly at you, and you quickly bent down to scoop up some sand and threw it at him as hard as you could. For a few seconds, all you could do was glare at him. Then, when he cracked up laughing, you realized how stupid that was. \"That's all you got?\" He chuckled, looking down at you. \"Next time, I'm going to buy a chainsaw.\" Michael: Rows of racks filled with clothing lined the section of the mall you were in, and you eagerly darted towards one of them. Behind you, Michael sighed. \"(Y/N), it's my day off. Why do I have to bring you shopping again?\" Playfully swatting his arm, you examined a dress you thought was pretty. \"It looks like a (Y/F/C) cupcake exploding.\" \"No it doesn't,\" You huff and roll your eyes. \"It's pretty.\" He glanced around in exasperation, and then ran his hand over a leather jacket. \"Buying that doesn't make you even more punk rock. I know what you're thinking.\" Before he could reply, screams exploded behind you and you whirled around to find three fans dashing over to Michael for a picture. \"Oh my god, Michael, can I please have a picture with you?\" \"Michael PLEASE FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER!\" \"Hey Michael, who's that girl with you?\" At that, you divert your attention to the girl who had asked who you were. \"Hi, my name is (Y/N),\" You smile politely at her. She drops you a quick nod before gushing over Michael again. As he chats and takes pictures with them, you wait patiently by the side, reluctantly placing the pretty dress back on the rack. You pretended to be engrossed in finding another dress, but really, you just wanted to spend time with Michael. Every now and then, you would cast quick glances at him, and Michael finally met your eyes and smiled at you. \"Hey guys, it was nice to meet you, but (Y/N) and I need to go now. See you guys around sometime!\" Michael accepts one big group hug from the fans before draping his arm around your shoulder. The two of you decide to go back home and game or something, since more fans in the mall would probably prevent you two from spending quality time together. Before you and Michael stepped out of the store, Michael stopped abruptly. \"(Y/N) I need to use the bathroom really quick, just wait in the car for me, okay?\" He asks you. You roll your eyes and nod before heading outside where he car was parked. After a few minutes, you see Michael heading towards the car with a bag in his hand. Intrigued, you pointed to it when he got into the car. \"What's in that?\" You ask. \"Open it,\" He said, and you did so. Inside, was the (Y/F/C) dress. \"MICHAEL THANK YOU!\" You cry and lean forward to hug him. Suddenly, your elbow hit the steering wheel, and the car let out a long beep . \"Oops.\" Ashton : The wind whipped your hair back as you went higher and higher. The ground was a blur as you felt Ashton's strong hands pushing you from behind. You giggled as you held on tightly to the swing's ropes. \"OKAY ASH STOP,\" You cry, and he laughs as he slows you down by holding onto the ropes. \"Do you wanna have a swinging competition?\" \"Pfft,\" He scoffs. \"You know I'm gonna win. I'm like, the king of swinging.\" The two of you grin at each other suddenly, and break out into song. \"We are the kings and the queens of swinging,\" The two of you sing, awkwardly dragging out the last word. As he hopped onto the swing next to you, you wiggled your eyebrows and flashed him a wicked grin. \"Ready?\" You smirked as he shifted to a more comfortable position. He cackled and nodded. \"3 pushes, and if your legs touch the ground after that, you lose immediately.\" He nods in agreement, and you start the countdown. \"3, 2, 1, GO!\" On the last word, the two of you push off from the ground, each striving to swing higher than the other. After your third push, you swing your legs back and forth in a steady rhythm, and you noticed that you were already much higher than Ashton. You laughed evilly as he eventually gave up and let his swing slow to a stop. You decelerated by letting your feet drag on the ground, and Ashton held out his arms. \"Good game,\" He says in a serious voice. You raise an eyebrow at him. \"What are you doing?\" You eye him suspiciously. \"I'm being courteous and giving you a hug even though I lost,\" He states simply. Hesitantly, you step forward and reach your arms out. Just as you leaned forward, expecting him to catch you, he darted to one side, leaving you stumbling forward. \"SUCKER!\" He hollers and dashes away. You shot him a killer glare, but he didn't notice. \"Idiot,\" You mutter under your breath and started after him. ","Summary":" Hey guys! My friend and I decided to write a few preferences, and we hope you like it! – J *side no"},{"Movie":"Black Swan, 2010","Title":"The Black Swan's Violinist","Author":"Ajo Writes","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9987480","Passage":"[Chapter 1] *Disclaimer*: \"Black Swan\", its storyline, and its characters do not belong to me. Aronofsky is a genius and I could only dream of writing something as brilliant as his work. Only Charlotte Carter and some other minor made-up characters are mine. Plot is drawn from inspiration from the movie. Chapter 1 It was a beautiful Monday morning, and the sun had just risen over Manhattan. A rare shade of peace and calm still surrounded the city, but not for much longer. Charlotte was pretty much out of breath. She had been up early, and went out jogging. It was the least she could do to keep herself in shape. After all, she spent most of the day at work sitting down. Her arms looked great, but it just wouldn't do for the rest of her body to be all flabby. Not that she was, but exercise was welcome. She glanced at her watch. She would be late if she didn't get a move on. With a look of newfound determination on her face and a renewed burst of energy, she sprinted the rest of the way back to her apartment, her lean figure whooshing past the sleepy black suits that had begun to emerge. Back in her apartment, Charlotte hurriedly boiled some water, made some toast and went to rinse off. The flat was small, but that was all right because she lived alone. In the shower, she hummed to herself and looked down at her hands, stretching each finger deliberately as hot water splashed over her body. Swan Lake. The company's first production of the season was in two weeks. She dried herself off and pulled on a pair of jeans and a grey sweatshirt. Comfy. Minutes later, Charlotte was on the subway with a thermos of tea in one hand, toast in the other, earphones blaring Tchaikovsky, and violin case slung over her shoulders. \"Next stop, Lincoln Center.\" Ahead of Charlotte, a girl in a long pink coat with her hair in a neat brunette bun stepped off. She had an upright posture that exuded grace, but at the same time held a strong touch of anxiety. Must be one of the ballerinas , Charlotte thought to herself. Perhaps a soloist. They all get antsy this close to the show. They reached the stage door together, and Charlotte opened it for them both. \"Thanks,\" said the ballerina. She had a scared look and a soft voice of uncertainty. \"No problem,\" replied Charlotte with a reassuring smile. \"First day on the stage, huh? You have fun out there.\" The ballerina let out a small nervous giggle, smiling slightly for the first time. Maybe she found something funny in what Charlotte had said—something ironic, even. She glanced over, nodding at Charlotte's violin case. \"You too,\" the ballerina said shyly before darting away.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 A variety of instrument cases lay scattered around backstage, some open, some closed. The 40 or so orchestra members were busy getting ready and chattering quietly amongst themselves. Rosin was passed around the string players, white powder smearing their fingers. The sound of warm-up scales filled the air. Fingers were flexed and knuckles were cracked. Polishing cloths were waved around, and bows were tightened. Charlotte had gotten bumped around pretty badly on the crowded subway, and sat in a corner twisting the wooden pegs cautiously, tuning her violin. Thomas Leroy stepped in from onstage, and everyone fell quiet. He clasped his hands together with that false smile of his. \"Good morning, orchestra! So glad to have you back with the company for this season. As you know, our first production is Swan Lake. You might think that everyone is sick of it by now, but I promise, this is a much more visceral version, stripped down to its bare essentials. Unique.\" He paused for dramatic effect. \"I hope you've all been practicing. Such a complicated ballet like this—I know it must not be that easy to play.\" There were some murmurs and a few glances were exchanged. \"Great! We start in fifteen, yes?\" He looked around expectantly for a moment, then sighed and waved his arm. \"This will not do! All your cases lying around like this. We need this space. Out, out. There's room in the back hallway.\" And with that, he left to see to his dancers.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 The musicians rustled about, each trying to claim their own small space in the back hallway. Charlotte was just about to head to the pit when she heard a flurry of excitement from further down the hall. \"Maestro's posted a new seating arrangement for this season! It's up! New positions!\" The violinists were the first to rush towards the bulletin board. These were amongst the most cutthroat competitive musicians in the city. Seating positions were no small business. Charlotte followed suit. Anxiously, she skimmed the list. She was only 21, probably the youngest in the whole symphony. Last year she had been stuck in the back of the firsts. It had been slightly disheartening, but what had she expected anyways? At least it had been better than being in the back of the seconds. Charlotte worked her way up the list, to find that… she was at the very top! First Desk Concertmaster: Nick Foster Assistant concertmaster: Charlotte Carter Assistant concertmaster! And to think that just a few months ago, she had been all the way in the last desk of the section. In a whirl of anticipation, Charlotte hurried to take her place in the front row. The pit was just below the stage, with the orchestra's front to the dancers and back to the audience. Maestro gave Charlotte a curt nod, which she returned as she sat down. Once everyone was settled, Nick stood up and played an A note to tune the orchestra. \"Looks like we'll be spending plenty of time together this season, Charlotte,\" Nick commented as he took his seat beside her. She smiled politely. Thomas Leroy stepped out from backstage and clapped his hands for attention. \"Lights and curtains, please!\" he signaled to the stage manager. Then he looked over at the orchestra. \"Are we all set down there?\" Maestro gave him a thumbs-up and a nod. \"Alright then! From the top! The introduction, and then straight on to the Allegro giusto . We're going to try for a straight run-through today.\" He stuck his head backstage, voice softening up considerably. \"Ready, Nina? We're starting.\" The theater dimmed, and Charlotte reached over to turn on the small light that had been clipped to the top of the music stand. Maestro lifted his baton, and the orchestra sat up straight, instruments ready. With another swish of the baton, they dissolved into the pretty melody of the introduction. Charlotte felt her bow glide seamlessly over the strings, and her fingers reached out for the higher notes. Where Rothbart casts his spell on Odette, she thought to herself. That was when Nina Sayers spun gracefully onto the stage, shining brightly in a focused pool of clear-cut spotlight.[Chapter 4] It's been ages, like, AGES, since I've revisited this story (same with my Inception fanfic, you should totes go check that out btw). I mean, are people even still into Black Swan? Who knows. I realized I had a bunch of chapters saved up from two years ago so I'll be slowly releasing those and maybe writing more as well! CHAPTER 4 Charlotte glanced up at the stage to steal a peek while still keeping up with the conductor. The girl from the subway! The one I opened the door for. So she had been right about the nervousness she had observed. Anyone dancing the coveted part of the Swan Queen would be that stressed all the time. Nina's dancing was beautiful and fragile, just as the White Swan should be. Charlotte was filled with so much awe that she almost missed her page-turn. Nick shot her a sideways look, and Charlotte put her concentration back into accompanying the dancers. Everything went smoothly until the Black Swan Pas de deux. Nick was playing the solo wonderfully, filled with the exact kind of fervor the scene called for. Meanwhile, Leroy was jumping around Nina and David on stage, waving his arms around and trying to coax Nina into her role. \"Let it out, let it go! Just breathe! Breathe and live! You can't let him love Odette, he has to love you ! Odile! The evil twin! Loosen up, embrace the Prince, give yourself to him! Entice him! Deceive him! Seduce him! Perplex him! And—\" There was a small thud. Nina had slammed into David a little too hard as she fell into his arms from a series of complex spins. They both paused abruptly. A sighing Leroy signaled for Nick to stop his solo. \"Great work,\" he said, pointing at the Nick, then at David. He turned back to face Nina. \"Why don't you understand yet?\" he asked, clearly exasperated. He leaned in towards her and spoke with a harsh whisper. \"The performance is coming soon. If you really have no passion for Odile, Nina, then let the deadline be your inspiration.\" Nina averted his stare. \"I'm sorry,\" she stammered apologetically, obviously frightened. \"How many times have I told you to stop saying that!\" he snapped. She flinched. \"Damn it, Nina. Stop telling everybody that you're fucking sorry. If you're actually so damn sorry, why don't you to show me instead. Show me that you're sorry, show me that you understand. Lust after the Prince with everything that you have, with every single fiber of your being. Embody Odile, and make me feel that you truly believe you are her.\" Nina looked down and nodded, practically on the verge of tears. The entire corps and orchestra had witnessed Leroy's severe lecture. He sighed once more, and turned around. \"Maestro, from the top of the Black Swan Pas de deux. Again.\"[Chapter 5] CHAPTER 5 By the time Charlotte reached her building, she felt like her fingers were going to fall off from all the rehearsing. She stepped in the elevator and just as the doors were sliding shut, she heard rapid footsteps followed by a girlish voice. \"Hold, please!\" Charlotte punched a button and the doors opened again. The girl slipped in. Charlotte recognized her. \"Hey! You're the ballerina. From this morning.\" Nina turned and studied Charlotte for a moment. \"Yeah, I remember you. You're the violinist who held the stage door for me. And now the elevator doors, I guess.\" Nina's weak attempt at a joke. \"Which floor?\" Charlotte asked. \"Thirteenth.\" \"Me too. I guess we're neighbors then, huh? Who knew,\" Charlotte said as she pressed 13. \"So… who are you?\" Charlotte asked. \"I'm the Swan Queen,\" replied Nina, dead serious. \"No, I meant… I meant your name.\" \"Oh. It's Nina. Nina Sayers. You?\" \"I'm Charlotte Carter.\" There was a pause. Charlotte felt like she had to break the ice somehow. \"It was mean of Leroy to speak to you like that today, in front of everyone and everything.\" \"Oh…\" said Nina, as if she just remembered. \"He's not that bad, actually. He's creative. And artistic.\" \"Right, artistic enough to embarrass you in front of the whole corps and symphony like that—\" \"I think Thomas is brilliant,\" Nina shot back defensively. \"Okay…\" said Charlotte, unsure of how to respond. They stepped off the elevator. Nina shook her head. \"I'm sorry,\" said Nina. \"I didn't mean to snap. I've just… I've just had a long day.\" \"It's okay, I understand. I was there too, remember?\" Nina nodded. They both turned to unlock their respective doors, right across the hall from each other. \"Well, it was nice meeting you, Swan Queen.\" \"You too. Good night.\" As Charlotte stepped back into her home and shut the door behind her, she heard Nina call out. \"Mommy?\" My god, she must be at least 24, and she's still living with her mother? thought Charlotte as she pulled the deadbolt on her door. Shrugging to herself, she changed into some pajamas and picked up the phone to order some Chinese food. Half an hour later, the doorbell rang. The food was here, and Charlotte was starving. Fishing a twenty from the kitchen drawer, she went and paid the deliveryman. Just as she was going to retreat back into her living room, she saw Nina burst out from her apartment carrying a plethora of fuzzy stuffed animals and dolls with a frustrated expression on her face. She was back in ballet shoes and tights. Confused, Charlotte peeked around the corner as she saw Nina march angrily towards the trash chute with the toys. A few moments later, she returned holding a long piece of discarded wood. Charlotte raised an eyebrow. \"Everything alright, Nina?\" Charlotte asked cautiously. Nina turned around, startled. \"Yeah, I'm fine. Thanks for asking,\" she mumbled hastily as she slammed her door shut. Must be all that pressure, thought Charlotte as she settled on her couch to enjoy her dinner. Poor girl .[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 It was getting pretty late. After dinner, Charlotte had decided to pull out the alcohol. She sat alone in the small alcove of her little studio apartment with a glass of red wine. It was her favorite after a long day of work. She felt a little more loosened up, and stared reflectively out the window at the shimmering lights below. How did I get here, to New York City, to this point of my life? Charlotte wondered. She was from one of those middle-of-nowhere states. Neither of her parents had been to college. All they desperately wanted for her was to receive a good education, be smart, get a degree, and earn a stable living. Once her mother had made a dramatic exit from Charlotte's life when she was seven, she lived with her overbearing father in their tiny run-down flat. She became the vessel for the dreams and aspirations that he had never been able to achieve. \"Study hard, go to college, and become a businesswoman,\" he would always tell her. \"It's no use unless you have math and statistics. You can always rely on them.\" He pampered Charlotte and sheltered her from everything other than books and knowledge—he had been very well-intentioned, but too much so. As a single parent, it only felt natural for him to dote excessively over his only daughter. But Charlotte was not as sheltered as he thought. They lived near a city, and she learned a lot about being street smart and keeping to herself. And there was no telling what other kinds of knowledge she was absorbing at school. Charlotte's favorite had always been music class, and when her teacher noticed her obvious talent for the violin, he volunteered to teach her in his spare time. Her father said no, of course. So all throughout middle school and high school, Charlotte secretly took lessons with the music teacher at school. She even got into college on a music scholarship, which enraged her dad, but he couldn't complain because he wouldn't have been able to afford it otherwise. It was in her third year of college she realized she had never \"relied on math and statistics\" for anything. By that time, her dad was unable to do anything about it. Charlotte entered one of the most prestigious international violin competitions, and came out first place with Tchaikovsky's Violin Concerto in D Major. Taking her prize money, her award, and a letter of recommendation from her old violin teacher, Charlotte simply dropped out of university and moved to Manhattan. After an audition with Maestro, she quickly landed the position and was hired immediately. By then she had broken away completely from her over-controlling father, and was starting to get used to making decisions for herself, with no intentions of ever returning. Charlotte was jolted back to reality when she heard a door slam outside. She went to investigate. Crouching at the door and looking through the peephole, she had a perfect view of what was happening. Across the hall, Nina's door had just shut, and a surprised ballerina dressed in black turned to leave. At least Charlotte thought she looked like a ballerina. Then Nina came to the door, no longer in her tights and ballet shoes. \"Hello?\" Nina called out. The girl in black turned around. \"Hey.\" \"Lily? What are you doing here?\" She explained. \"I wanted to apologize. You were right, I shouldn't have talked to him about you.\" Nina's mother poked her head out and told Nina to come back in for dinner, but Nina dismissed her impatiently. \"How did you know where I live?\" Nina asked with a tinge of paranoia. \"I have my ways… Relax!\" Lily exclaimed, seeing Nina's dark expression. \"I got it from Susie in the office. Look, I just feel really shitty about what I did, and… Can I make it up to you? Take you out to dinner?\" Nina's face clouded with doubt. \"Okay, fine.\" Lily reconsidered. \"How about… drinks?\" Nina's mother called out again, but this time Nina just reached in, grabbed her pink coat, and declared that she was going out. \"You're on the stage tomorrow!\" her mother called out after her as the two girls made for the stairs. But it was already too late. They were gone. Goody two-shoes might just have some nerve after all, Charlotte mused.[Chapter 7] Chapter Seven The next morning, Nick was absent. Maestro had a shock for the whole orchestra—but mainly, for Charlotte. \"As you can see, Nick is not here today. His mother has suddenly fallen ill with some tragic brain cancer, and he has returned home to take care of her. We wish him the best in these trying times.\" He sounded more bitter than sympathetic. Maestro cleared his throat. \"In short, Nick will not be returning for the rest of the season.\" Loud whispers went up amongst the musicians. \"Obviously, we still need a concertmaster. So I will be asking all the first violinists to move up a spot—our assistant concertmaster will be taking his seat.\" It took Charlotte a startling moment to realize what Maestro really meant. She was still trying to grasp the breadth of the situation as she slid into the chair on her right: Nick's concertmaster seat—no, her concertmaster seat now. \"Charlotte, I trust that you can play the solos without a problem?\" Maestro asked. \"Of course,\" Charlotte replied with a shy smile, finally coming back to her senses. \"I've been practicing.\" \"Then tune the orchestra, please.\" Once everyone was just about ready, Leroy stormed onto stage. \"Can anyone tell me where Nina Sayers is! How do we have a Swan Lake production without the Swan Queen, hmm? C'est de la folie! You!\" he snapped, spinning around and pointing at one of the soloists. \"Fill in for now. We're already running late.\" One of the dancers stepped forward, looking haughty and gleeful. \"No, no, not you, Veronica. Next to you. Lily. Lily, fill in as the Swan Queen.\" Veronica stepped back, devastated. \"Let's go from the top, people! Places in one!\" Everything was going well. Charlotte launched into her solo as Lily began doing a series of leaps across the stage, with David looking on with amazement and desire. Charlotte almost got distracted by watching the dancers out of the corner of her eye as she played. They reached the Black Swan Pas de deux again. Halfway through it, Nina appeared, beyond apologetic. She made a beeline for Leroy. Everyone faltered. \"Thomas. Thomas, I'm sorry—\" \"Go get warmed up,\" he said without so much as a glance in her direction. Noticing that everybody had paused, he looked around. \"Keep going, people! Let's finish the act.\" After the act was done, Charlotte saw Lily and Nina arguing in the wings. Must have something to do with last night , she thought. Or with the fact that Lily danced the part for her. Charlotte turned to go use the bathroom in the precious ten minutes of break that Leroy had assigned. \"Charlotte? A word?\" It was Maestro. He was a good friend of Leroy's, and they had gone to the same arts school together before finding jobs in New York. \"Yes, Maestro?\" \"Concertmaster is a huge responsibility, with leading the orchestra and playing solos and everything. I hope you don't mind that I sprang this on you so suddenly.\" \"Oh, not at all,\" replied Charlotte. \"Good. There's something I wanted to speak to you about. To do with your solos. Your Black Swan solos are lovely. Just the right kind of passion, and sensuality.\" \"Thank you, Maestro,\" she beamed. \"But… your White Swan variations. You cannot let that dark seduction leak into your White Swan solo. The White Swan is fragile, delicate, and naïve.\" To Charlotte's surprise, he rested his hand on her shoulder, and continued. They were the only ones in the hallway. \"Now, I know your story, hmm? You are anything but naïve. You're a tough girl, God knows. You played Tchaikovsky's concerto ardently and proved to the world that you belong on this stage, here in the city of performance art. But you have to be a little mysterious too. Show your vulnerable side just a bit more. Comprendre? \" Charlotte nodded, a little more meekly now. \"Excellent. I don't want to waste your break. We start again in six.\" And with that, Maestro sauntered back to the pit. Charlotte bolted for the bathroom, only to find that someone was crying in one of the stalls. She looked around. They were alone in the bathroom. Suddenly, the crying girl stepped out. It was Nina. \"Hi,\" said Charlotte, unsure of how to respond. \"Oh. Our new principal violinist,\" Nina tried for a smile. \"Is… is everything alright?\" Charlotte asked, starting to become seriously concerned for the ballerina. She was actually beginning to truly care about her. \"It's fine. I'm fine. Just—\" More tears from Nina. Charlotte waited patiently. \"I'm trying so hard. I really am. Why does it feel like he's trying to replace me with… with Lily? Why can't he just be—why isn't he ever pleased with anything I do?\" she whimpered. \"Hey, none of them ever are! I just got a lecture from Maestro on how my White Swan variation isn't 'naïve' enough,\" confided Charlotte. \"It's sad. You're such a beautiful musician,\" whispered Nina. \"And you're a spell-binding dancer. But nothing's ever perfect.\" Nina looked up. \"I… I try to make it be.\" \"Well, they're never going to fall for it. And even when it is perfect, they're too proud to tell us. We can't be pushed around like that, we're artists in our own right. Anyways, they're all pricks. Especially Leroy,\" ranted Charlotte. \"That's what Lily said,\" recalled Nina. \"Because it's true. Come on, Nina. We shouldn't be moping over what they think of us. Let's go. Rehearsal starts again in two.\" Charlotte reached out a hand. Composing herself, Nina took it and the two of them left for the stage. ","Summary":" *Disclaimer*: \"Black Swan\", its storyline, and its characters do not belong to me. Aronofsky is a"},{"Movie":"Diary of a Wimpy Kid","Title":"Zero Percent","Author":"miscellmaniac","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6878676","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Out of all the classes she had, pre-calculus had to be the first one scheduled on the first day of school. It would have been fine if it had been English III or another simple subject, but it had to be math. The chances were that the teacher was just going to give an introduction on him and his life and a summary of the course, but the atmosphere still felt dull and dreary like math. Either way, everyone was stuck in a class room for the next two hours or so, just listening to a boring old man (or woman, in some cases) speak ABOUT the course not the course itself. Talking about the course is even worse than talking about the course itself. The girl crossed one arm over the other on top of her desk. She lowered her head onto her arms and rested. She closed her eyes with her lengthy eyelashes fluttering. She was already letting herself doze off into a dream-filled sleep once more. The bell rang, but that didn't force her to open her eyes. She needed just five more minutes of sleep and then she would be well rested and good to go. She had spent the past night mainly on the computer, learning more about the guitar and the technology behind it. What woke her up was the sound of the door bursting open after a long silence had befallen the class. She nearly jolted up with her usually striking emerald eyes glazed over. She rubbed her head as a headache due to her sleepiness set in her head. She closed her eyes and heard that whoever had made that sound was now sitting behind her. She figured because she heard the desk from behind her squeak and the sound of a backpack being set on the floor. She wanted to know who had woke her up so she turned around only to see the same face she had seen her whole high school life. The same careless expression was on his features. He seemed to be uninterested in her, until she spoke in a nonchalant tone of voice, \"You haven't changed a bit.\" His eyes darted from the whiteboard at the very front of the room to her. A smug smirk drew on his face and he then retorted, \"Nice bedhead.\" With that, he crossed his arms behind the back of his neck and leaned back in his chair. Instantly, the girl began to fix her hair and she slowly turned around. She felt a warmth crawl onto her face. She quickly matted down her hair and ran her fingers through the loose waves of her auburn colored mess. She hoped that would suffice. Looking messy was not going to work for her. She had to look her best, as if she was going to be read for a photo shoot at any moment. \"Thanks.\" She sarcastically muttered to Rodrick, her class mate. It was hard to believe that he was a year older than her. He acted like he was still in grade ten. She rolled her eyes and lightly smiled as she thought. The teacher strolled in with a messenger back on one side and a stack of papers on the other. \"Sorry for being late, my car wouldn't start up this morning. Not the greatest way to begin the school year.\" It was almost as if he was talking to himself, seeing as the students were less than interested in his excuse. The teacher, looking about the age of fifty, began to pass out the papers that he had been holding. It was just a paper that explained the course and what they would be going over for the semester. When she got her paper, the girl knew she had no time to rest. She had to do her best to listen to the teacher. What good first impression would she have made if she just dozed off in his class? She rubbed her eyes, hoping that would keep her eyes open. She couldn't help but have her mind wander during the whole time he was lecturing about the curriculum. She would tune in and tune out and catch several pieces of information. It wasn't until the bell rang that she was ultimately snapped into reality. She looked at the syllabus on her desk and picked it up, as well as her strawberry, pin decorated backpack. She slung the backpack over her shoulder. She was walking away from her desk when she heard her name being called. \"Hey Niks,\" Called out Rodrick from the spot near his desk. \"It's Nikki, and what Heffley?\" Nikki asked as she turned around while attempting to walk backwards. She stopped when her hip bumped into the front desk. She didn't really like calling him by his last name, but just as she didn't like the nickname Niks, he didn't like being addressed by his last name. \"Can I copy whatever homework he handed out? I'm a little sick, so-\" Rodrick threw hand motions around to illustrate his words. \"Old excuse and he didn't even assign us anything. It's the first day, remember?\" Nikki shook her head and let a smile appear on her face as she heard Rodrick. It was a routine with him. She didn't like to let him cheat, but she would let him get SOME answers last year in their previous math course. She was a grade eleven, him a grade twelve. But seeing as she was implemented in higher scholar courses when she was younger, it gave her a head start by a year. Their schedule was practically the same, minus electives. Outside of the classes though, it was like they never existed to each other. He had his own friends, she had hers. They stayed out of each other's way and that was fine. She was busy with her extracurricular activities and he with his band. The two weren't exactly close friends, but they had some sort of friendship between them..[Chapter 2] A.N.: So wow! Thanks for all the subscriptions! I'm really going to enjoy writing this story.. Let me know if it's going to slow or if I'm writing a lot. w;; Feedback is much appreicated! What could they be considered? Friends? Acquaintances? She wasn't even sure what type of friendship they had. They had known each other for three full years and had several conversations in the different classes they had together over the course of high school. But their discussions stopped as soon as the bell rang for next period. They would just stop talking. Nikki couldn't remember a time he had said hi to her outside of the class room or bothered her like he would in the class. She couldn't pinpoint why they never talked. She figured it was because one was waiting for the other to talk first and it never happened, so it continued like that. A never ending cycle. Nikki had never let it bother her though seeing as Rodrick was never a close friend of hers. So could he be considered a friend in the least bit? She remembered the first time they ever talked, but it was completely by accident. If it hadn't occurred then they probably wouldn't even speak one word to each other to this day. She was in grade nine and he was in grade ten. As a freshman, she was still in the awkward phase of growing up and getting adjusted to teen life. Her jade colored eyes were hidden behind thick rimmed glasses and she hardly wore any makeup, except for foundation. Her fashion sense was the least to be desired. She would just throw on whatever pair of jeans and a random shirt along with her plain black converse. Her hair was short, dyed black, and styled in the shape of a modern bob. He was just entering his \"rock star phase.\" He had gotten a choppy haircut and began to wear different band shirts every day as well as pants held up with studded belts. He would wear the occasional jet black eyeliner. His personality had remained the same. Nikki wouldn't know if he had been any different the year before when he was a freshman because she was still in middle school at the time. \" Okay class, that is all for today. Don't forget to turn in your essays about global warming on Friday. It will count as a test grade!\" The teacher called out after the bell had finished its ringing. The teens were already leaving the classroom as soon as the bell had rung, so some had missed the teacher's message. Nikki was still struggling with all the materials she had brought to class. She brought two binders, a book, and a handful of pencils. She wasn't sure what to bring because it was the first week of class! She was still confused about high school itself. Back in middle school, they let you carry around your backpack but in highschool, the backpack had to stay in the lockers and only a choice of items could be taken out for each class. Nikki struggled to carry everything and in an attempt to do so, dropped everything to the floor. \"Crap..\" She breathed as she bent over to pick her materials up. \" Whoa, road blockage.\" Came a voice from above. She looked up and saw a much taller fellow hovering over her things. He crossed by stretching out his leg to the other side and then doing the same with his other leg. He was almost through walking through the space between the desks when he stopped. He had hesitated to turn around but he did anyways. He walked right back to where Nikki had been and asked, \"Need any help?\" Normally he would have bullied the freshman. He had been picked on so much the following year and he was supposed to get his turn this year. But he felt like he should help. It was strange, but he listened to himself anyways seeing as he knew the feeling wouldn't leave if he just walked away. Without waiting for her to respond, Rodrick bent down and picked up her book as well as her two binders. \"Think you can handle the pencils?\" He questioned as he eyed all the fallen pencils and then to her. \"Because,\" Rodrick paused as he tried to think of something tough to say, \"I won't help you next time!\" He mentally slapped himself. That sounded absolutely ridiculous and not tough what so ever. It seemed to work though, seeing as the girl lightly shook when she got up and her bottom lip quivered a little. \"Okay, okay, sorry or whatever.\" Rodrick looked around, hoping no one was seeing him help this freshman. \"Just.. show me where your locker is.\" Rodrick replied, becoming exasperated by the situation. Nikki nodded and then spoke, \"It's locker 709. It's really close to this classroom.\" Rodrick replied with a nod. He walked ahead of her to give the illusion that he was dropping off his own things. The last thing he needed was a handful of teases from his friends that were in grade eleven and twelve. Nikki followed him to her locker. She was relieved that he was taking the lead (she thought it was because he wanted to show her where it was to make sure she understood) because she would probably get lost in the midst of all the other teenagers rushing to get to class. She watched Rodrick open her locker. He stopped to think about whether to throw the books carelessly inside or not. He was caught in his own road block. Why would he care what a freshman thought? Or were the endless talks about respect from his mom actually kicking in? Whatever the reason, he put the book and binders in an upright, neat position. He backed away from the locker and looked around. He then found himself looking back at Nikki, who just stared at him. \"Uh, well,\" He felt the awkward silence between the two settle in, \"see you around.\" He waved and then practically dashed away from her locker. \"Hey, space cadet. I asked you what number four was.\" Rodrick tapped on the side of Nikki's head with the end of his mechanical pencil. He had been asking her for the answer to number four for the past minute but she was so out of it. Nikki blinked and then looked around her. \"Holy crap that was messed up.\" Nikki shook her head to try to ease her way completely into reality instead of dream land. She looked down at her math assignment. That's right, she had finished it and had gone off into thought. Now it all made sense. She then leaned back and also threw her head back so she was viewing Rodrick upside down. \"And no. All you have to do is substitute the numbers and then use that log mode on your calculator. Unless you're too prehistoric to understand how to work one.\" She jabbed. She returned to an upright position and then turned her whole body around so she was facing Rodrick. Rodrick rolled his eyes. \"We both know that I won't go through that effort so,\" Rodrick leaned forward and stretched his arms to snatch Nikki's math assignment from her desk, \"I'll be taking this.\" He offered a smug grin as he held it beside his head. He leaned back in his chair and began to copy all the answers down in a swift motion. He had learned how to write fast after being caught an endless amount of times with his homework. In less than fifteen seconds, he had finished. He carelessly threw the paper in Nikki's direction, letting it swoop down to the floor. \"Really? It's barely the first week and you're already copying?\" Nikki rolled her eyes as she bent over to pick up the paper from its spot on the ground. She put it on her desk and then turned back to Rodrick. \"How can you live with yourself?\" She spoke with sarcasm. \"I don't know, I thought a smart honor student like you would know.\" Rodrick now had a sneaky grin on his face as he retorted. \"But wait, could this be? Is Little Miss Sunshine not the smartest person ever? God forbid!\" Rodrick mocked her. At first, Nikki took offense to his teasing and jokes. She didn't find them funny during freshman year. During her sophomore year, she began to warm up to them. Now, she was jabbing him right back. She wondered why they wouldn't talk outside of the course. She figured that they seemed to be friends. Nikki shook the thought out of her head and just laughed at Rodrick's reply. \"I'm done talking to you, tone deaf.\" She stated as she turned around. \"You'll come back. They always do.\" Rodrick added, leaning back in his chair once more with his feet propped up on his desk. His arms were behind his neck again so he was in a relaxed posture. \"They always do.\"[Chapter 3] A.N.: I might upload another chapter after this one today! I look forward to reading reviews! c: \"Okay class, it's already the third week of school and you know what that means!\" The teacher's voice echoed throughout the lab room. A chorus of groans came from the students that were at their desks. If they weren't groaning, they were sleeping or simple preoccupied with something else. After the groans, the teacher stated, \"Partner projects! We read about it on the syllabus on the first day. This week, we'll be working on psychology.\" The teacher stood up from his desk and picked up a stack of papers while he walked down the aisles of desks, passing out the packets of paper. The room grew silent as each student picked up the packet of paper and looked over it. \"The project is going to be out studying your partner! Find out how their mind works.. Don't be afraid to get too personal with the questions. Study them like they were specimens. Everyone understand?\" Silence was still among the class room and the teacher took that as a yes, \"Well, if there are no further questions, I will now assign you your partner!\" Another chorus of groans ensued. \"What a lame project.\" Rodrick muttered as he propped his feet on the desk. He crossed his arms over his chest as he watched the teacher, Mr. Robertson, call out names from a paper he had in his hands. Nikki turned around and scoffed. \"You probably just don't get it.\" She stayed turned around and looked at Rodrick in the eyes. \"Either that, or you were just hoping to ask Heather as your partner.\" A coy smile appeared on her lips as she spoke. \"Am I right, or am I right?\" \"Oh mind your own business, sweetheart.\" Rodrick countered with a smirk on his own lips. \"And I do get the projects; I just never do them.\" Rodrick added as he nodded. \"When I actually DO the projects, it's not pretty. Trust me.\" Rodrick thought of his last minute project about plants. He actually did the project, but still failed. He wondered how that worked out. Nikki rose an eyebrow at this but didn't question him any further. Knowing him, he probably tried to center every project about rock music or something having to do with girls. \"Boy, I feel bad for the poor sucker that's going to be your partner.\" She teased while sticking her tongue out in between her white as snow teeth. \"Yeah yeah, I feel bad for the person who has to be your partner.\" He replied back while stretching an arm forward to mess with the top of her head. \"Rodrick Heffley with,\" Mr. Robertson paused and then looked back up from his sheet, \"Nicole Williams?\" Even the teacher seemed surprised with the match up. The two were complete opposites when it came to grades. Rodrick hardly ever turned anything in and when he did, it was never his own original work; rather it was someone else's he copied off from. Nikki would do her best in all of her classes and turn in her work on time. Nikki quickly turned around from her spot with her mouth ajar. She closed her mouth and cleared her throat. She fixed her hair and then spoke, \"Well, looks like I'm the sucker that's stuck with you.\" She offered an awkward soft laugh after she spoke. \"And looks like I'm the poor sap stuck with you.\" Rodrick replied. His facial expression as well as his tone of voice showed a mix of surprise, amusement, and pleasure. If he was partners with Nikki, then that would mean the work load would be easier on him. \"I'll give you time for the rest of the class to discuss on your plans for the project!\" Mr. Robertson sat back down at his desk, taking the free time to grade papers. Nikki stood and turned her chair around so she could sit properly while facing Rodrick instead of having to turn around all the time. The strain was really taking a load on her back. She sat down on the chair and brought her papers to his desk. \"So, um.\" She tucked a lock of her hair behind her ear, \"I guess we have to study each other?\" She was still taken back that her and Rodrick would have to work on this project together. They never talked outside of the classes they had together, let alone hang out outside of school. She found this predicament awkward. She was afraid that the two would have nothing in common outside of the classroom and just spend the whole time working (or trying to, in Rodrick's case.) Rodrick chuckled, \"We'll see how that works out.\" Rodrick leaned back in his chair and watched Nikki as she looked through all the papers. He was pretty pleased with the project so far until he realized they would have to spend so much time together. It wasn't that he didn't like Nikki. They were somewhat friends, weren't they? But they just didn't fit on the social chain. She had a totally different style of his, or at least that's what he was guessing. They had completely different friends. His friends were total rockers, like him. They headbanged and went to every concert they could possibly go to. Rodrick guessed that her friends were girly and frail. He knew that if he was even seen with Nikki, his friends would have a riot and make fun of the two. Rodrick grew uneasy about the project. All the years of him building up his status with his rocker friends could amount to nothing after just one glance at the two being together (as partners, anyways.) \"You okay? You look kind of scared.\" Nikki stated, snapping Rodrick from his thoughts. She watched as Rodrick seemed to snap back into reality. She smiled, \"You looked really scared. It looked hilarious.\" She softly laughed at that. Rodrick? Scared of something? Please. \"So, this project is due in two weeks.. We should get started right away. Maybe after school?\" Nikki suggested. Rodrick couldn't say no. He couldn't just weasel out of this project. From what he learned from their conversations was that Nikki was incredibly stubborn, especially with school work. \"That sounds cool.\" He replied in a casual tone. \"My house or yours?\" Nikki asked as she put down her packet of papers. \"Yours. Let's see your realm of torture.\" Rodrick smirked. He finally decided to calm down because he had a genius plan in the works. If he could get all the project meetings to be at her place, no one would know. They wouldn't have to talk outside of their classes, only at her house. His house would become too complicated, because his friends showed up at random times throughout the day, wanting to practice or show their new equipment. \"Mine? Okay then. You have a car, don't you? You can drive me home then.\" \"Let's see if you can handle it.\" Rodrick replied with a sneaky smile playing on his lips. \"That car has a way with girls.\" \"If it's anything like you, I'm sure it does.\"[Chapter 4] \"Yeah, this is one lady killer of a car.. And by that I mean it literally. The smell could kill someone.\" Spoke Nikki as her and Rodrick stood in front of his dirty white van. The black colored words, \"Loded Diper,\" were beginning to fade, probably because it had been on there for the longest time. The two hadn't even stepped foot in the car but Nikki already had to pinch her nose to avoid the overwhelming smell. \"Ever heard of cleaning?\" She spoke after releasing her nose so she could breathe properly through her mouth. Breathing from her mouth was disgusting, but she didn't want to indulge in the putrid smell. \"Make fun of it all you want, I see it as preparation for when the band really kicks off.\" Rodrick replied as he walked to the opposite side of the car as he pulled a ring of keys from his pocket. He flipped through several keys before finding the key that belonged to the trashy van. He unlocked his door and sat himself down before reaching over to unlock the passenger's door. He hopped back into his seat and plugged the car key in to start the car. He didn't even wait to Nikki to buckle in before he took off. \"What street do you live on?\" He asked after making a quick u-turn on the road to head away from the school. Nikki hit the side of the car and yelped. \"Ouch! Could you go any faster?\" She exclaimed as she rubbed the top of her head. \"And it's 2156 Graham.\" She replied after she adjusted herself. She pulled on the seat belt and noticed that the buckle wasn't there. In fact, the seat belt was torn! She groaned. \"What a death trap.\" She murmured under her breath while shaking her head. \"You'll learn to love it.\" Rodrick replied with a grin on his face. He stomped his foot down on the brakes when he saw a red light up ahead. Nikki nearly fell over and almost hit her head on the dash board because of the harsh brake. \"Whoops.\" He merely stated with the same grin on his face. He looked over to the radio and turned the knob to tune the radio to the local alternative-rock station. He then turned the knob almost all the way up on the volume range. He turned and expected Nikki to groan in disgust. But instead, she yelled, \"Cage the Elephant? Nice!\" Rodrick was surprised. Nikki didn't look like the type that would listen to this type of music. She looked like the person that wouldn't know a thing about \"true\" music. But there she was, rocking her head to the rhythm of the song. It was a nice surprise though; perhaps the project would run more smoothly if the two had more than one thing in common that didn't involve class. \"This your house?\" Rodrick asked as he slowed down (something Nikki didn't think he could possibly do) in front of a modern, two-story, suburban home. When Nikki gave him the okay, he parked in the empty space next to a bright yellow Hummer. \"Nice place.\" He commented as he turned off the car and took his key out. He slammed his door shut and waited for Nikki in the front of his van. Nikki followed in suit and led the way to the front door of her home. She pulled out her own set of keys and unlocked her front door, leading Rodrick into a hallway that took them to several portions of the house. \"Guess we should work on this in my room?\" Nikki suggested as she turned around for a brief moment after walking a few feet into the hallway. Before Rodrick could reply, Nikki's mother stepped into the room from the kitchen. She had oven mittens on her hands and an oven plate with freshly baked cookies in her hands. She looked surprised that Nikki had brought a guy over. \"Who is this Nikki?\" Her mother asked as she turned to properly face the two. \"You didn't tell me you were having someone over.\" She added with a small smile on her face. \"Oh, just a friend from school. We have to work on a project together and the teacher just told us today.\" Nikki replied. \"And we were just leaving, right?\" Nikki always felt awkward when introducing her friends to her mother, especially if it was a guy friend. Nikki's mother was always over-protective of her and would always assume that any guy she brought over was more than a friend. \"Oh, uh, okay then dear..\" Nikki's mother watched as Nikki disappeared after turning a corner from the hallway with Rodrick following her. Nikki's mother sighed and shook her head. \"He looks like bad news..\" She murmured under her breath as she walked back into the kitchen. \"Yeah, that was my mom.\" Nikki stated after an awkward silence set in between the two. Nikki opened the door to her room. She plopped herself on her queen size bed. She slipped her backpack strap off her shoulder and opened it, emptying its contents on her cherry blossom bed covering. \"So, the first question is to find out what kind of home you live in.\" \"So this is really your room?\" Rodrick asked, completely blowing off the project. Rodrick chuckled, \"I expected something more.. girly.\" Rodrick confessed. \"Just because I like to look presentable doesn't mean I'm girly. Face it Rodrick, you know absolutely nothing about me.\" Nikki replied with a smile on her face. \"For example, I bet you didn't know I love to play video games.\" \"Please, now you're sounding like my brother. You'll surprise me when you say you can play guitar or something.\" Rodrick replied, waving his hand off to symbolically show that her \"confession\" wasn't too big. \"Oh really? Well I can.\" Nikki countered as she pointed to her guitar case that was set against the same wall where her closet was. \"Anything else you want to add, Rodrick?\" Rodrick stared at the guitar case for a while, still flabbergasted at the idea that she played. He swallowed and straightened out his black band shirt. \"Yeah, no.\" He shook his head and chuckled. He ran fingers through his hair as he continued to explore Nikki's room. Most of the wall was covered with photos and news articles. He didn't analyze the articles, but he took a good look at some of the pictures. \"Hey, is this a \"For the Taking\" concert?\" He questioned. Nikki looked up from the packet of papers and nodded as she looked at the photo he was pointing at. \"Yeah, that was last summer.\" Nikki spoke. She giggled and then spoke again, \"Can we please start working on this project already? Let's at least answer the first five questions!\" Nikki looked through the packet and then back up at Rodrick. \"First question is about your family and what not. So what's your family like?\" Rodrick sat down on Nikki's bed and fumbled with his own packet before answering, \"Uh, I have two little brothers. My mom is.. uh..\" Rodrick struggled to put his family into words. They were all odd and embarrassing in their own ways. \"Why don't we start with you first?\" Rodrick quickly changed the subject and looked from his own packet of papers. He stole a pencil that had fallen out of Nikki's bag and was ready to write whatever Nikki spoke. \"Okay then? Uh, well, I have three older brothers who are all off to college doing different things. The oldest one is on a football scholarship. The middle one is going for some science degree and the youngest one is going for some art major. I grew up with my parents, until they divorced when I was nine. My mom remarried when I was thirteen and now we live here.\" Nikki smiled, \"I've lived in three different states: Texas, Florida, and now here!\" Nikki nodded, \"I think that's enough. Did you get all that?\" \"Three older brothers.. what was that other thing?\"[Chapter 5] \"How is it that you can copy notes so fast but take forever to write down a few sentences?\" Nikki leaned against the headboard of her bed as she crossed her arms over her chest and folded on leg over the other. She watched as Rodrick held the notepad close his face as he propped his knee up against his chest while the other hung loose at the end of the bed. \"I've seen the way you write in pre-cal, it's inhuman.\" She added with a small smirk playing on her pink lips. \"That's different. I write fast for myself. Since this is for you, I can certainly take my time. And cue elevator music, now!\" Rodrick tapped the air with the eraser end of his pencil as a grin overtook his features. In response to this, Nikki threw him a binder she had quickly taken out of her strawberry backpack. Rodrick lifted his hands to protect his face, but the binder had hit his stomach. Rodrick chuckled and rolled his eyes. \"As if that would really hurt.\" Another binder was sent flying and hit him straight in the face. \"Damn, are you trying to kill me?\" He questioned. \"Did you at least finish with the third question's answer already? Or do I have to repeat myself a tenth time?' Nikki wished she was kidding about the number of times she had to repeat herself, but she really wasn't. Rodrick wasn't paying attention the first couple of times and the last two times, he had only gotten the first sentence out of the five she spoke. Nikki picked at the nail polish on her nails and heard a \"mmhm\" from Rodrick. She sighed, mainly due to her growing impatience with the boy. \"Okay, the third question was about my hobbies. What do you have?\" Nikki asked him. Rodrick hit the words on the notepad with the end of his pencil once more as he read out loud, \"Singing, playing the guitar, and working with computers. Can't we just put that?\" Rodrick asked as he threw the notepad and pencil to the bed. The items lightly bounced against the bed's comforter. Rodrick was already growing impatient himself, but mainly because he wanted to go home to work on the artwork for Loded Diper's album. \"No! He probably wants a whole list of hobbies and for us to go on about each one!\" Nikki argued but then she thought about it. Three was enough, right? And it was easy to elaborate on the three she had listed. Besides, those were her main hobbies while the other ones she had listed took a backseat and were things she only did when she really felt like it (which was rare.) \"No, I guess you're right.\" Nikki stated, feeling defeat. She picked up the paper that the teacher issued them that had all the questions they must answer. There were ten, so her and Rodrick just needed seven more which included the next one they moved on to. \"Can we at least do two more questions? That way tomorrow we can-\" \"Whoa, whoa, whoa, tomorrow?\" Rodrick stopped her. He sat up straight and rose his hand as he created movements to go along with what he was about to say. It was a terrible habit of his. \"I have band practice tomorrow. So Tuesday is a no go.\" Rodrick told her with a serious look on his face. There was no way he could miss band practice seeing as it was held at his house and it was the only time his mom gave him time to \"express himself\" as she put it. He couldn't just bail on his buddies. Besides, what would his excuse be? \"I have to work on a project?\" No way! For one, Rodrick never did projects. This was a one-time thing because he had to be partnered up with Nikki, the most stubborn, but smart girl he had ever met. \"Uh, yeah tomorrow. We should have this done by Friday, at least.\" Nikki replied with a tone that showed her defiance towards Rodrick's decision. \"But it's not due until next week!\" Rodrick argued. \"We still have time. It's not like he'll take it when we're done with it anyways! Why rush?\" Rodrick assumed that Nikki wanted to do the project throughout the week, every single day. Could he even handle that? He could hardly handle being at school for more than five minutes! \"Just to get it done! If you must know, I have things to do on the weekend so that takes that time away, so we only have to work on it this week.\" Nikki replied, avoiding to look in Rodrick's eyes. Rodrick's brows narrowed and he realized that this argument wouldn't end. It would be a vicious circle and he knew that Nikki would have the last laugh. Rodrick groaned at what he was about to say. \"Fine, fine, okay! We'll work tomorrow, but only until six! Then I have to go.\" Rodrick wiped his face downward with the palm of his hand as he mentally kicked himself for giving in. \"I'm totally whipped and she's not even my girlfriend.\" He thought. \"Then it's settled. Tomorrow, we'll meet at my house again and then on Wednesday and Thursday, we can go to your house.\" Nikki had already planned this in the mental journal that resided in her mind, which is why she was so stubborn on keeping it that way. She heavily disliked change, even if it was the littlest detail. \"Geez, you act as if you have a stick up y-\" A reading book shot from Nikki's hands and vigorously slapped Rodrick across his face.[Chapter 6] Haha, wow! The reviews you guys write on here are very motivating. My main reason for writing this story was actually because I too was fed up with all these Mary-Sue oc's. So, thank you for realizing that and I hope I can continue to write to your liking! C; BTW, sorry if this seems more directed towards Nikki and Rodrick seems kind of out of character here. Dx It's 3 A.M. and I really wanted to put up this chapter! -x- Slamming the door shut to the Loded Diper mobile, Rodrick yelled to the other side of the van, \"Remember, only until six!\" Rodrick had to keep reminding himself throughout the day that the faster they worked on the project, the sooner it would all be over and everything would return to normal- or as normal as his own life could get. Nikki pushed open the passenger door, stepping her feet out cautiously to the sidewalk. She wiggled her foot as she tried to get what appeared to be a candy wrapper coated with melted chocolate off her black, faux leather boots. \"What the hell, the least you could do is clean it out every week!\" She yelled in response as she slid her foot with the dirty boot across the sidewalk, trying to wipe it out. \"Or pay someone. Even then, I don't think I would clean that up for money.\" Nikki spoke in a normal volume now that Rodrick had caught up with her at the sidewalk in front of her house. \"If we work well, we can finish up three more questions, leaving us with only four more to go.\" She advised as she tilted her head to one side to pop the aching muscles in her neck. She gripped at the strap of her backpack as she walked up to her front door, along with Rodrick. She turned the knob and pushed it open. She could hear her mother talking on the phone in a raised, irritated voice but as soon as the door emitted a creaking noise, her tone hushed. It sounded like she had been using the cordless house phone in the kitchen, but Nikki couldn't be too sure. Nonetheless, Nikki knew it was probably the same old situation and she didn't want to be troubled with it. Nikki sighed and shook her head. \"Uh, c'mon, let's just go upstairs.\" Nikki guided, looking back to see Rodrick with a puzzled expression on his face. She looked forward once more and led him up to her room, closing the door behind him once he entered. \"What was that all about?\" Rodrick asked, dropping his ragged, old backpack to the floor. It wasn't that he was going to ramble on about his advice for her after hearing the story, no not at all. Rodrick would probably be dead first before he actually gave anyone real, serious advice. No, he just wanted to know for the sake of knowing. The two weren't that close, at least not as close to the point where they could spill their guts out to each other. That was what led Rodrick to assume that she wouldn't even tell him to begin with. With another heavy sigh, Nikki turned around after she had walked to her bed and spoke, \"It's probably my dad, or something.\" She answered simply as she let her body fall against her bed. She bounced lightly before she scooted her position so she was slumped against the headboards. \"I spend my weekends with him and he probably called with some lame excuse. My mom wouldn't sound that upset over anything.\" Nikki bit the bottom of her lip and she tucked a lock of her hair behind her ear. \"But it's no biggie, it's been six years anyways so it's practically numb now.\" Nikki unzipped open her backpack, pulling out a folder that carried the project's guidelines and their work in it. Acting as if what she had just said didn't bother her at all, she lightly smiled, \"Okay, so, the next question is, 'What does your partner aspire to?' You do know what that means right?\" And just like that, Nikki was back. Rodrick wasn't sure how to react to this. Sure, some of his friends had divorced parents but they were all guys who didn't care enough to begin with. But from the way she sounded just talking about her father, Rodrick could tell that it was all a façade she was putting up. He wasn't sure why she was doing it and part of him didn't want to question it. They had to work and that's what he came to do. He had three hours there and it was going to be dedicated to finishing part of the project. That wasn't his plan, but it was Nikki's and he didn't want to put any more crap on her plate to deal with. He cleared his throat and nodded. \"So, uh, what do you want to aspire to? Or whatever?\" He could sense an awkward atmosphere in the air and tension rose with it. He ran fingers through his messy, dark brown hair as he waited for Nikki's response. \"I kind of really want to be a veterinarian.\" Nikki confessed, \"I just really love animals- especially cats.\" She added, nodding. Her voice was different though, Rodrick noticed. It wasn't as confident sounding as it normally was. It was softer, more meek. That was another key point that proved she was troubled immensely by the situation with her father. Rodrick had been too enveloped in thought (something that surprised himself) to even write anything down. \"Are you going to write that down or just stare into space looking like a goof?\" Nikki questioned with a tone that suggested she was defending something-or herself. Rodrick didn't reply and he scribbled notes down on what she had just said. She didn't really describe her dream of being a veterinarian as much as she did to her other statements in response to the questions so that was simple. As he was looking down at the sheet of paper he had, he then heard Nikki burst in a rant. \"I mean, the least he could do is come up with a GOOD excuse! I'm not twelve anymore, I don't believe a crap word her says! And he could have the decency to call me instead of telling my mom who will only complain and whine! If he hasn't been in my life for six years, then it won't matter if I don't see him a weekend or not!\" Nikki exploded, her eyes looking anywhere but back at Rodrick's eyes. \"He's already screwed up, so seeing him one less weekend won't mean anything!\" Rodrick stayed quiet, not sure of what to say. He had never really learned how to deal with situations like this, despite all the lessons his mom gave him during his preteen years. Sure, he had ex-girlfriends rant about various topics but he always said the wrong thing. Besides, Nikki wasn't a girlfriend so he assumed his place was just to listen. Nikki stayed quiet for a moment and she lifted fingers to her eyes, brushing away tears that dared to escape. \"Sorry, I just had to get that out of my system.\" She responded after a moment of silence. \"I know we're not close or anything, but thanks for listening.\" She offered a forced smile as she looked at Rodrick. \"Can we- not talk about it though?\" \"Yeah, I'm with you on that one.\" Rodrick coughed out, rubbing the back of his neck out of anxiety. He was glad he wasn't in a position to be yelled at and that Nikki was back to normal. Another silent moment passed the two until the corners of Rodrick's lips curved upward and revealed a grin. \"So, a vet? That's it? Wow, I thought you had something better in mind like neurosurgeon- or whatever it's called.\" He teased. Nikki laughed lightly and shook her head. \"Seriously, thanks.\"[Chapter 7] It was 8:15 A.M., five minutes after homeroom had been let out. Students escaped the clutches of their classrooms and were clustered together in an effort to make it to their lockers to head to their first class. Rodrick had just gotten there. He had woken up late because his father had the day off, so he didn't bother waking him up. It didn't matter though; Rodrick was never the type of person to care for showing up for anything, really. It was in his nature and he wasn't about to start freaking out because he missed precious homeroom. He dragged his feet along the tiled floor of the school building as he was still half-asleep. He was having a wonderful dream about being an A-list rock star with talented band members and beautiful roadies to do his bidding, but for some reason his body had jolted him up. His eyelids felt heavy and threatened to close completely every time he blinked and his hair- well, his hair looked the same. Untamed and certainly not combed. But he finally made it to his locker, where he then lifted up his hand and rolled the knob within his fingers, turning it to his combination. He opened the door and then dunked his head on one of the shelves. Sleep sounded so good at the moment, despite the fact that the hallway was filled with chatter. He jerked upward and his head hit the ceiling of his locker when he felt a tap on his shoulder. \"Geez, what the-\" He turned around, his eyes fully opened now, to see that it was Nikki who had tapped him. \"Don't do that!\" Even though there was a tinge of annoyance in his voice, he still seemed a little dazed as his normal hand expressions were sloppy and carelessly thrown around his personal space. Instead of reacting hurt, Nikki lightly laughed. \"Wow and you say I have a pole stuck up my- okay, not the point.\" She shook her head and the corners of her lips turned upward into a smile. \"I just dropped by to remind you that we're meeting at your place today.\" Nikki poked Rodrick's in the middle of his chest when she spoke of his house. \"Since we finished all of my questions, we should get started on yours.' Rodrick was about to reply but he looked past Nikki and saw his friends grouped up in a crowd, walking right past the two. One of the guys noticed Rodrick and then tapped the teenage male in front of him, which led to a chain reaction of all of Rodrick's friends seeing the two talk. \"Uh, yeah, got it, see you in class.\" Rodrick spoke in a rushed low tone of voice so only Nikki could hear. He quickly turned around and slammed his locker shut without even getting anything out. He readjusted the strap of his backpack on his shoulder and he walked right past Nikki, who stood in confusion. \"Uh, see you later?\" She lifted up a hand to wave, but he was already caught up with his friends. Rodrick merged himself within the crowd of his friends, who he immediately received playful punches from. \"What the hell were you even doing with her?\" Asked one of them. Many other questions boomed from his different friends until one of them shushed them. \"Guys, it's obvious that he's just trying to score.\" A chorus of \"ohs\" came in response and more playful punches were thrown at Rodrick's arm. \"Yeah, there's no way Rodrick would spend time with someone like that.\" Snickered a tall, lanky boy with a beanie hat. Rodrick rubbed his arm and sighed softly. If they only knew , he thought as he shook his head lightly. -x- \"And we're in here once again.\" Nikki commented as she stepped into the passenger seat of Rodrick's van. The bell had just rung three minutes ago, but Rodrick seemed to be in such a rush to get out of there. She was lucky that she was already packed to leave when he ushered her out. She slammed the door shut and kept her bag in her lap, her hands folded over it. Rodrick merely nodded in response as he turned the key sideways to start the car. In no time, the two were out of the school zone and now heading to Rodrick's house. \"So..\" Nikki raised one hand to tap on the dashboard. \"What's your family like? How many siblings do you have again?\" She was sure he had mentioned it at some point or another but she completely forgot. She also wanted to know what the whole deal was earlier, but that could be saved until they got to his house. Rodrick kept his hands firm on the steering wheel and his eyes on the road as he responded, \"Two little brothers; Greg and Manny. My dad has an obsession with playing war dolls and my mom writes some dumb column for the paper.\" That was his family in a nutshell, at least according to him. Nikki nodded and found her eyes wandering throughout the interior of the van, examining it very thoroughly. It wasn't long before the van screeched to a stop in front of a modern suburban home, much like Nikki's. \"Well, this is nice.\" She commented as she turned her body towards the window of the door, eyeing the house. The moment the two stepped foot inside the house, Nikki was greeted by Rodrick's mother. She shook her hand and had a large grin on her face, as if she was excited for something. \"Hi, I'm Rodrick's mother, but you can just call me Mrs. Heffley.\" She turned around and called out to her husband, \"Frank! Rodrick brought home a friend!\" He replied with, \"Okay, just tell them not to be too loud.\" This Frank seemed a bit uninterested. \"No you don't understand! This is a girl!\" Mrs. Heffley continued to sound very excited and she gave Nikki one more smiley and said, \"It's been a while since Rodrick has brought a girl home.\" She turned to look at Rodrick, \"You didn't tell me she was a girl!\" Then Mrs. Heffley waltzed off to the kitchen, leaving the pair alone in the living room of the house. \"Yeah, that was my mom.\" Rodrick shook his head. Even the way he spoke sounded like he was ashamed of her. \"Uh, so do you want to work in here or in my room?\" He rubbed the back of his neck. \"Why not your room? It would be interesting to see what your room looks like after seeing your van.\" A smirk appeared on Nikki's features but it disappeared once she began to follow Rodrick to his room, which was upstairs. Stepping inside his room, she wasn't entirely surprised. It wasn't as messy as the van, but it did look dirty in certain aspects. She walked over to his bed and sat down, but when she did, she heard a small squeaking noise. She rose an eyebrow and stood up before sitting down again. Hushed whispers emitted from beneath the bed. \"I think you have talking mice living under your bed.\" She stated as she poked the bed mattress. Rodrick walked over to the bed and bent over. Just as he suspected. It was Greg and his chunky friend Rolley, or whatever his name was. \"Get out!\" He yelled in a stern voice with his finger shooting out to point towards the door. When they weren't moving, he stuck his hand underneath his bed and searched around until he found the collar of Greg's shirt. He dragged him out which led to Rowley following him. \"I don't even want to know why you twerps were under there, just get out.\" Rodrick let go of Greg's collar and watched as he stood up and dusted himself off. Greg didn't make any arguments and left the room with his friend quietly. It wasn't until a second later that he reopened the door and poked his head through. \"Just so you know, he tends to not shower… or respect women.\" A devilish smile crossed the young boy's features as he closed the door once more. \"Ignore him, he's an idiot.\" Rodrick commented as he sat down on his unmade bed next to Nikki. She giggled and turned to face Rodrick. A light blush crossed her features when she realized how close the two were. She inched farther away, leaving Rodrick to wonder why he was hoping that she hadn't. His thoughts were interrupted when she spoke again. She cleared her throat and said, \"So, uh, let's get started.. First question…\"[Chapter 8] Haha, it's me again guys! So, did anyone get the Rodrick Rules on DVD yet? I got it the day it came out. xD C: I actually made a thirty second music video to it using the chorus from Katy Perry's \"Last Friday Night\" song. xD I was bored! I might upload it to Youtube later actually.. Oh! And my family also got the Diary of a Wimpy Kid board game.. Have yet to play it, but it seems pretty darn fun! I think we all know who we would want to play. (; Anyways, this one is pretty lengthy so I hope I can keep your attention for nearly 2,000 words! Love you guys and thank you for reviewing and favoring this! :DD From what Nikki saw, Rodrick's parents seemed to be all right. His mother looked to be a bit too eccentric for her tastes, but at least she cared about Rodrick's social life and about him in general. She hadn't even seen his father, but she was sure that he cared for him as well but was busy at the moment. At least he had both parents to be there for him, unlike her who only had a mother who tried her best but it sometimes wasn't even enough. But Rodrick had made them out to be like complete nutjobs after Nikki brought them up only once. \"So, is your mom always that hyper active?\" Nikki teased and she grinned afterwards. She looked around the van and noticed that it looked a bit cleaner from yesterday. She could actually see the floor below her from the passenger seat this time! And it didn't even smell like a horrifically mauled zombie this time. There was a hint of lemon and she guessed it was from the hanging car ornament from the mirror in the center of the car's roof. She turned her head over to look from behind and saw that drums still decorated the back of the van, but the clutter was indeed minimized. So he did make an attempt. She smiled lightly at this and looked back up to look at Rodrick as he responded. \"Hyper active? No, more like overbearing!\" He exaggerated, \"She thinks that I need 'direction' and a 'permanent path for my life', I mean, c'mon!\" Rodrick stayed quiet for a while and drummed his fingers against the wheel of the car. \"She's a complete control freak that always tries to bring the family closer, but it's not gonna work, y'know? We're all on different wavelengths, or whatever it's called.\" Rodrick then added, \"But I mean, we're not a completely messed up family. Just different interests.\" When he added the last bit, it sounded like he was trying to save his family's image. He didn't necessarily want Nikki to think that his family was in ruins because they certainly weren't. \"And my dad? He's all right. Better than my mom, I guess.\" Rodrick shrugged his shoulders. \"Oh, well, I mean they seemed nice.\" Nikki commented with a shrug of her own. \"Every family has it's quirks and yours seem relatively normal.. With a fun twist.\" She grinned again as she scratched the back of her head. Then Rodrick pulled the van up into the front of the garage. When he hit the brakes to stop the car, the van jerked forward for a bit because of the sudden motion, causing Nikki to nearly hit her face on the dashboard. \"Dude, you seriously need better driving skills.\" She stated as she eased out of the car, carrying her bag with her. She closed the door shut and heard Rodrick's door shut just a second after hers. She walked over to Rodrick's side and met up with him. He once again, led her to the front door and even opened it for her. She walked in and eyed the room. It was clean once more. The living room was completely empty of any people whatsoever. She wondered where everyone else. It was so quiet, unlike the day before where she heard Rodrick's mom bustling throughout the house and his dad working on something somewhere else. \"Where is everyone?\" She questioned, turning to face Rodrick while gripping her black backpack strap. Rodrick eyed the hallway that led to the kitchen. His gaze shifted to the living room before them before finally looking at Nikki in the eyes and then he spoke, \"Ohhhhh right, it's Thursday. Mom does some charity work for some old farts and I guess Dad is working late tonight.\" \"So we can work here for the time being, right?\" Nikki asked as she looked down into her backpack. The inside of her bag began to rustle as she searched for the folder that contained all their work so far. After receiving a nod from Rodrick, she walked over to the couch and plopped down on it, lightly bouncing on it for a second. \"Comfy couch.\" She smiled as she opened up the folder. \"Only for you- not.\" Rodrick snickered as he took a seat on the couch one seat away from Nikki. He didn't want to be too close to her, not after that awkward moment when they almost.. kissed. They hadn't leaned into each other on purpose but they were close enough to do so if they wanted to. Being the close to her made his stomach clench in what he thought was pain but now as he recalled, he wasn't so sure if it was pain after all. Thinking about that only made him feel a bit weird to be a seat away from Nikki herself. Nikki too had been thinking about the situation as she lay in bed the previous night. A part of her wondered why she turned away. Another part of her scolded her for even thinking of leaning any closer. Rodrick was a friend- wait, could she call him that? He himself had never even considered her one (it seemed like it) but she couldn't help but consider him one. They talked in every class they had and now this project only seemed to bring them just a little bit closer. Maybe too close? She wasn't sure. \"Okay, so we left off on question five yesterday! So question six asks, 'What scares you the most?'\" Nikki looked up from the paper and at Rodrick. \"This should be good.\" \"As if I would tell you.\" Rodrick huffed with a cheeky grin playing on his features, as if he was teasing her, which he actually was. This led to a pout from Nikki, who responded with, \"C'mon! I told you mine! And it was kind of secretive.. Or whatever! So you better spill the beans you big jerk!\" She hit him with one of the couch pillows beside her until Rodrick held his hands up and laughed. \"Okay, okay! Geez. But this is only for the project!\" Rodrick took a breath before responding with, \"I'm scared of dying alone.\" \"Really?\" Nikki asked with her eyes wide. She peered a little closer and scribbled down the answer on the paper. Rodrick laughed and made a 'pft' sound with his lips. \"Yeah right! I'm not going to tell you, dream on.\" Rodrick smirked and rolled his eyes, \"Just make something up, I don't care.\" Before Nikki could respond, a voice came from the stairs, \"I could tell you!\" Nikki turned around and saw a pre-teen boy, with a sneaky grin on his face. \"If it's to help for whatever you're doing, I'll be glad to help!\" He didn't completely look like a younger Rodrick, but they did share similar features.. Like their ears. \"You better not, doofus or I'm just gonna have to splurge on your secrets as well.\" Rodrick threatened and he raised from the couch with his knees on the seat. He gave a menacing stare towards the younger boy, who still had that grin on his face. \"Sure,\" Nikki smiled at Rodrick before turning back to the younger boy, \"tell me what you got, uhh-\" \"Greg.\" Piped the middle school student. \"That's it!\" Rodrick jumped over the couch and ran towards the staircase, leading to Greg already dashing up the stairs. He began to yell, \"He's scared of worms, tornadoes, and yeah, he is afraid of being rejected!\" His words were spoken rather quickly, but Nikki got the basic ideas down. \"Thanks!\" She called from her spot on the couch but all she heard in response was a shut door and then the thumping of feet coming down the stairs. She turned to see Rodrick, who admitted defeat with a sigh. \"You happy?\" He questioned with a glare. At that moment, the door opened and Rodrick's father walked in with his mother and baby brother in tow. \"Oh, your friend is back! Nikki, right?\" She gushed with a smile. \"Are you staying for dinner?\" Two different responses were heard, one from Rodrick and one from Nikki. \"Sure, I would love to!\" \"She has to leave before then.\" \"Nonsense! You're staying for dinner! I'll make spaghetti.\" She grinned at Nikki but then looked at Rodrick with a stern look as she adjusted her grip around the toddler. -x- So there they were, all sitting around the dining room table. It was nice to have the illusion that Nikki was part of a family for once. A traditional family anyways, where they actually ate at the table and not on set up tables in front of a TV. Even though Rodrick didn't like it so much, she sure did. \"This is good.\" She commented after swallowing a forkful of spaghetti. She smiled at Mrs. Heffley, who grinned in response. \"Well thank you!\" She beamed before twirling noodles around her own fork. \"So, uh, Rodrick,\" began Greg with a malicious smile growing on his lips, \"is this your girlfriend?\" He cooed as he let his fork lean on the rims of the bowl. \"No, she's not, twerp.\" Rodrick growled, his brows furrowed in irritation. \"Hey! Not at the table and especially not in front of Manny!\" Mrs. Heffley lightly tapped on the table to stop the tension between the brothers. She then turned to Manny with a smile and he responded by splashing his hands in his own tiny bowl of sauced noodles. \"So, what are your goals in life, Nikki?\" Questioned Mr. Heffley, in hopes that Rodrick could perhaps learn from someone with potential. He tried that last time, but it backfired in his face. He hoped that this wouldn't result in the same manner. \"I want to be a veterinarian.. or a child therapist. Either one would be good.\" Nikki responded with a nod and a smile to show courtesy towards the man of the household. \"A veterinarian, huh? Now that's a goal!\" Mr. Heffley looked at Rodrick. \"See? You could learn something from someone who actually wants to go to college.\" He told his eldest son as he hung his fork over his bowl with noodles streaming from it. This earned a soft giggle from Nikki. Rodrick rolled his eyes and looked at his father with a coy smirk. \"Dad, thanks for the help and all, but I'm definitely going to be a rock star and make more than she,\" he pointed his fork at Nikki, \"ever will in her LIFE. How's that for doctor school?\" \"We'll see about that when I see your bum self out on the streets.\" Nikki responded with a smirk of her own on her features. \"In your dreams.\" Rodrick responded, using the same line as he had earlier. At this rate, Nikki thought as her heart sped up slightly after hearing Rodrick speak, you just might be in one.[Chapter 9] on an unrelated note, does anyone have a tumblr? I would love to follow you. C: Rodrick was a reckless, inconsiderate, and irresponsible youth. He rarely ever followed orders and when he did, he did it begrudgingly. He could never be taken seriously because he always had a sneaky grin on his features and a glimmer of mischief in his eyes. He had completely crazy goals and would talk about the strangest things. He wasn't as big as a playboy as he would make himself out to be. Despite all these flaws, Nikki still couldn't help but feel a rush of fluttering butterflies twirl around in her stomach when hearing his name. Her heart would beat louder every time a small smile would appear on his features. The part of her that fought her feelings was slowly losing the battle against the part of her that was growing to \"like\" Rodrick. Something had just drawn her to him. To her, it felt like the two really did have chemistry because their conversations flowed so perfectly. Of course, she couldn't tell him anything deep or personal but that didn't matter- at least not as much as it should. She thought that there was a slight chance of hope for her and Rodrick. He had smiled at her and would even wink from time to time. Her brain figured that she was taking these gestures out of context, but her heart had to believe. Nikki's fingers grazed her locker's provided lock before twirling her fingers around the knob. The rusty locker door squeaked as she pulled it open. She unzipped her backpack and emptied two books and two spirals into the faded green locker. Her mind would usually be focused on what she would need for her upcoming class, but this time her thoughts were fogged with Rodrick as the topic. She wondered what their conversations would consist of and if she could get him to smile. Before she could go even further into her thoughts (nothing perverse, of course), she felt a clanging noise emit from the locker next to hers. This caused her to quickly shut her locker and twitch in reaction to the sudden noise. Standing right before her was the young male she had been gushing about in her thoughts just seconds earlier. He had a grand smile on his face, as if an idea light bulb had blinked on inside his mind. She couldn't hide her own large, goofy smile that played on her lips. She tried to tone down the smile, but her lips wouldn't let her. Thoughts of how embarrassing she probably looked quickly coursed through her mind. \"What's up?\" She asked, her tone surprisingly casual. If she couldn't keep her smile under control, then she might as well try to sound normal in her tone. \"Hey.\" Rodrick replied, equally nonchalant. His elbow rested against the locker as he stood in front of Nikki. He chuckled lightly at whatever he had been thinking and gazed at the floor. A grin grew on his features and he looked back up to Nikki. \"I've been meaning to ask you something.\" Who knew seven words could make her heart speed up so quickly? Her mind raced to the conclusion of this conversation. She was certain that he was going to confess his own feelings to her. While it seemed a bit out of character for Rodrick, she still had confidence that that was what would arise from the conversation. She could barely contain her excitement and it showed in her voice as it cracked, \"What is it?\" Rodrick's hand lifted to ruffle his messy locks. He stepped an inch further, but that was a stumble on his part. However, to Nikki, it looked like he was bringing his body closer to hers. Her heart beat and beat and beat until it pounded against her chest with such fury. It seemed like almost forever until he responded. He drew his body back and dropped his arm to his side before jamming both hands in his jeans' pockets. Then he spoke with a persuasive tone in his voice as well as a light burst of excitement, \"See, you know Chad?\" Rodrick went on to tell the story of how this Chad fellow broke his guitar while trying to perform a trick he saw on TV, but Nikki hadn't really been paying attention. Her heart had just sunk what felt like a million miles below sea level. He hadn't been confessing anything! He was just telling her some stupid tale of a dumb friend she could care less about. She tried not to show her disappointment, but it was pretty hard. Her once bright smile deteriorated to a straight line. She nodded and looked down, avoiding his eyes. She didn't feel like crying but she could feel her throat tighten up as if she was going to. \"So, your point is?\" She didn't mean to sound as harsh as she did, but that's how it came out. Rodrick didn't seem affected by this though as another charming grin appeared on his features. \"Well, I know you have a guitar and well, we need a guitar.. so..\" So that's why he had even approached her. Nikki turned back to her locker, furiously turning the knob to gather her correct combination numbers. In her swift motions, she had skipped her middle number three times and thus led to her trying to budge her locker door open. She sighed turned to Rodrick. \"Sure, sure you can borrow it.\" There was a tinge of annoyance in her voice as everything was just going wrong at that exact moment. She really just wanted him to leave so she could gather her things and focus on something other than the Heffley teen. \"Great, so I'll pick it up after school? Six?\" Rodrick suggested as he stepped back with his backpack slung over his shoulder. Before she could even respond, a clicking sound emitted from his lips and he pointed at her with a grin. \"Awesome, see you then.\" Then he turned around and headed off to the class the two shared. Nikki didn't bother to wave. She turned to her locker again and finally opened it once more. She pulled out a book and a binder and slammed her locker shut. She clutched her supplies to her chest and followed in the same path he was on, but only because they had the same class. She was bitter about the situation, but as she thought about it, she could use this to bring the two closer to the point where he would feel the same. It wasn't exactly a plan, but she hoped that if she lent her guitar to him that he would soon feel the same. It was worth a shot.[Chapter 10] If Nikki had been upset the day before, Rodrick hadn't noticed. You see, while signs of pure heartbreak are evident to the naked eye of a woman, they certainly aren't see that way through the eyes of a teenage boy. Or Rodrick, anyways. The way her smile had just collapsed and folded into a strict, thin line had gone unnoticed. The way her eyes slightly widened with just the tiniest bit of tears growing in the corners were practically invisible. How she caught her breath and fumbled with the lock on her locker was considered normal to Rodrick. He wouldn't have ever thought he would have been the one to cause her such distress, for the time being at least. He knew he was capable of doing so, having made one of his ex-girlfriend's cry because of his naivety in the language of girls, but would never think of himself as the culprit in this case. And this all explained why it was so easy for him to just take the guitar from Nikki with ease after school, the day after he had asked her if he could borrow it. Once again, Nikki had stepped into his van and off they went to her house. The car ride, unlike the past couple of times, was awkward and extremely claustrophobic. Even Rodrick could feel the disturbed aura in the van, but he couldn't exactly tell what was causing it. He cleared his throat, \"How about some 'Jimmy Eat World'?\" He questioned, ready to click the play button to initiate the band's CD. He glanced at Nikki, who was sitting in her seat with her arms crossed over her chest and her bag sitting on her lap. Her bottom lip stuck out, just a bit more than her top one, forming a pout. Come to think of it , Rodrick thought, she hadn't really talked all day. Rodrick wasn't sure what to say to coax her into spilling the beans. He was never entirely too good at situations like these and he hated awkward silences. Merge the two together and you have a VERY uncomfortable Rodrick. He turned back to the front of the car, muttering an \"oookay\", and pushed the play button. The volume had already been turned up all the way from this morning's jam session. Rodrick and Nikki were friends; they had established that already without being so direct about it. It had just happened. Yet, Rodrick wasn't sure if he had the right to ask her what was up. Could he do that? He wasn't entirely sure if he wanted to her what was bothering her unfold in front of him. Turns out, he didn't have to. Nikki was quiet for most of the way over to her house, only muttering along the lyrics to whatever song had been playing on the CD. Still, the awkward silence stuck, creating a heavy, horrible atmosphere inside the van. Rodrick was eager to leave, slamming the door shut and following Nikki to her room. She had snaked her way past her mother, who was in the kitchen already preparing dinner. Nikki walked in fast strides, as if she had wanted the exchanged to be over with as soon as possible. Nikki had wanted Rodrick to see her the way she saw him- hell, she still wanted him to. But, like Rodrick, she wasn't sure how to approach the idea. She had never been with a guy like Rodrick before. She had only been in one serious relationship before, but the two were complete opposites. Besides, anything Nikki could possibly say would probably be taken as a joke by the male. But for the most part, she was still upset at the wrenching thought that he wasn't feeling the same way. It was painful, to watch the person you like go on oblivious to your feelings. Hearing him attempt to crack a joke in class just wasn't working, not this time. It just made her realize that she was stuck in the friend-zone. Guys are right, Nikki had thought, the friend-zone does suck! Nikki led Rodrick inside her room, grabbing her guitar from its leaning position on the corner of her wall. She awkwardly stuck her hand out to give it to him. \"You don't need an amp right?\" A couple of strands of her fringe fell in her face a she asked him. She brushed the intruding hair away from her face as he grabbed it and shook his head. \"Nah, Chad just broke the guitar.\" Rodrick informed her, taking the guitar in his hand, making sure to hold it carefully. The two stood there, silence hanging in the air. Nikki looked from Rodrick, to the carpeted floor. She wasn't sure what else to say. Rodrick cleared his throat. He had a habit of doing so to break any situations that were.. uncomfortable, to say the least. \"Well, I'll show my way out.\" He nodded turning around to walk towards the door. Maybe had hadn't thanked her properly? Maybe that's why she was upset. He stopped at the doorway of her room. \"Thanks Nikki.\" He told her, avoiding eye contact with her. Apologies and thank you's weren't his forte. \"I'll bring it back.. uh..\" \"Just go.\" Nikki commented, a small smile on her features. There was a hint of pink stretched across her wan cheeks, but Rodrick wouldn't have noticed that- at least, Nikki thought so. -x- \"All right man, you scored!\" Chad cheered, taking the guitar from Rodrick's raised hand. \"What did I tell you guys?\" Rodrick laughed as he stood in the middle of his house's garage. His whole band was there, ready to practice. They had to be ready to perform and without a guitar, they wouldn't be able to get anywhere. Chad eyed the guitar. \"Not as good as Bessy, but,\" Chad gave a satisfied nod, \"it'll do.\" Rodrick eyed Chad with a raised eyebrow but shook it off as he walked over to his worn out drum set. \"Okay, let's start with 'Diper Bomb' and then we'll go with 'Train-Wreck Diper'.\" The fellow teens nodded in response with their respective instruments in hand. Rodrick slapped his wooden drumsticks together to count down to the beginning of the song. After four hits, Chad slammed his fingers against the strings of Nikki's guitar as he made the way for the other's to play their own instruments. It was a messy display. After Chad, the singer murmured words into the microphone and the bassist plucked at his bass's strings. Rodrick had followed in suit, his foot hitting against the lever to hit the bass drum and his drumsticks lightly tapping the cymbals besides his drumset's toms. Everything went well, as well as things could get for a unorganized garage band. The singer hadn't coughed through the entire song, or mispronounced some of the words. The bassist stayed on rhythm. Rodrick had kept his beat up rather nicely. Everything was sounding perfect- until the end. Chad had apparently NOT learned from last time's little \"adventure\". As soon as Rodrick had stopped hitting the mid-tom of the drums, signaling the end of the song, Chad brought the guitar above his head and then dropped it to the cement floor. The guitar screamed out in utter pain with clang, its strings snapping apart as the neck broke into two. The amp only amplified the noise to the point where it rang static in everyone's ears. The guitar was broken- unfixable. Chad only stared, dumbfounded at what he had just done. \"Wait, what?\" He asked, looking around, only to see his bandmates with their jaws wide open in utter surprise. Rodrick stood up from his spot in front of his drums. His eyes were wide and his mouth hung ajar. He stepped away from his drumset, unsure of what he was actually seeing. \"D-Did you j-just..\" His voice trailed off as he stumbled over to Chad's spot in the garage. The guitar was there all right. In pieces, at least. Rodrick looked at the broken instrument and then at the guitarist, who continued to hold the guitar. The room was quiet, save for Rodrick's stuttered mumblings. Then, the singer, Ben, yelled, \"All right, Chad! Way to break that guitar!\" Rodrick spun faster than he thought possible. \" Way to go Chad? \" He repeated the male, his voice accusing and raw with anger. \"You're seriously congratulating him?\" Rodrick turned back to Chad, \"Dude! That wasn't my guitar!\" \"But I've seen guys on TV do it all the time.\" Chad argued weakly. \"They have extras , Chad, extras. \" Rodrick strained out his words, speaking as if he was talking to a little kid. \"Guys! We have to practice! What are we going to do without a guitar? We're dead, done for, over!\" Rodrick gripped at his hair, already stressing out over the fact that they wouldn't get any better for any hopeful gigs. Rodrick's eyes, having already gone back to their normal state, widened again. \"What am I going to tell Nikki?\" He wasn't speaking to anyone in particular. What WAS he going to tell Nikki?[Chapter 11] \"Nikki, you see there was an accident..\" Rodrick shook his head in disapproval as he stood in front of the bathroom mirror. \"You remember Chad right? Funny story about Chad and your guit- gaaaah!\" Rodrick groaned and lightly hit his head against his reflection on the mirror. Just the day before, Chad, his genius guitarist, decided it was a great idea to reenact something he saw on TV by smashing Nikki's guitar to smithereens. Now Rodrick was left to pick up all the pieces, physically and metaphorically. From the way Nikki spoke about her guitar when she had brought up her hobbies when they were doing that lame project, it seemed she really did care for it. She had mentioned it being a gift, Rodrick thought. He couldn't really remember or focus on anything but an apology. He felt like he owed it to her, seeing as he had asked her for it to begin with. But, Rodrick was never good with apologies. He always said the wrong thing and felt like an idiot doing so. \"Nikki, there's no easy way to say this, but-\" \"Rodrick! Hurry up!\" Greg yelled from the other side of the bathroom door. \"You're not the only one in this house, you know!\" He banged his fists on the door, waiting for Rodrick to open it. Rodrick swung the door open and pushed himself past Greg. He wasn't in the mood for harassing him, not today. His stomach was hurting, but he knew it wasn't because he was nauseous. His stomach was clenching tight as he left the bathroom and went straight out the door, ignoring his mother's call for breakfast. He wasn't hungry. The pain in his stomach only increased the closer he got to school in his van. His muscles were even clenched up and he felt his mind go numb. He was surely going to see Nikki, that he knew was true. It almost felt like butterflies were fluttering against each other, slapping one another with the harsh movements of their wings. Rodrick knew this was mainly because he was nervous, as he had always felt that strange feeling when he was anxious. But it had never been this harsh before. Rodrick wished his locker wasn't so close to Nikki's, otherwise he might have been able to escape her wrath after he told her what had happened. Rodrick expected for Nikki to walk up to him and ask him about something unrelated. But his body was just pulling himself towards her. He didn't feel entirely in control of his body as he walked up to her while she stuffed her backpack in her locker. He noticed that she had to tiptoe to put in on the provided shelf in the worn out locker and a slight smile appeared on his face. He tried to shrug it off, but he couldn't do it. Nikki turned to Rodrick, a small smile on her lips as she saw him. \"Good morning Rodrick.\" She greeted in a sing-song kind of voice. She seemed happy, which was an improvement from the day before. Whatever was going on with her was surely passing, he figured. \"You need something or..?\" She asked as she noticed a zoned out expression on his features. Rodrick scratched behind his ear and ran his hand through his messy, uncombed hair as he began to speak. \"What're you doing later?\" The words had just blurted out of his mouth. It had just come out! He pressed his lips together with his brows furrowed as he waited for a response as he leaned against the locker next to her. Nikki seemed taken back as she clutched a binder and a textbook to her chest. Her eyes had a glimmer of joy in them and her small smile had been eagerly replaced by a large grin, exposing her pearly white teeth. \"No, I'm not.. Why?' She couldn't hide the excitement in her voice, no matter how hard she tried. \"Maybe we can, I don't know, go somewhere?\" Rodrick crossed his arms as he looked from her eyes, to the tiled floor. Nikki bit her lip, but the curve of her smile was still evident. \"Yeah, definitely!\" She nodded quickly. \"We can go to the park near my house!\" She was already exposing her enthusiasm over what she saw a as a 'date'. \"Sure, sure.. Six?\" Rodrick couldn't believe what his lips were uttering. \"Yeah..\" Nikki nodded, giggling gleefully. \"My mom lent me her car today, so.. You can just drive to my house at six and we'll just.. walk from there?\" She suggested, in which Rodrick nodded a yes to. \"Okay! Well, uh, see you in class!\" Nikki could feel every aspect of her body glowing with happiness. Her body had tightened with complete excitement! She couldn't even completely feel her legs moving as she walked to pre-calculus. Rodrick continued to lean against the locker, completely amazed at what he had just done. His mouth hung slightly open as he thought. Didn't they say that when you spoke freely, without thinking of what you were saying, it meant that whatever you said was what your heart really wanted? Rodrick felt his heart racing at what felt like over a thousand miles an hour. Rodrick had never seen Nikki in the kind of light he had now exposed her to. She had just been a friend, a girl he could count on.. for answers anyways. The two picked at each other light-heartedly. But over the past couple of weeks, he had seen a totally different side of her, a side that he hadn't seen at school. She liked the same kind of music as he did and she even played an awesome instrument. She had grown easy to talk to and her jokes were.. actually funny. Now that he had done the deed of asking her out, everything about her was different. As he remembered her in his mind, he could easily recognize the shine in her eyes whenever she accomplished something. The way her hair flowed and followed her every movement gracefully. How her laugh was, how her voice orchestrated itself.. Rodrick leaned with his back against Nikki's locker, banging his head on the metal exterior. He had a date with Nikki tonight. He smiled lightly as he brought himself off the lockers to head off to class, empty-handed.[Chapter 12] AN: GUYS. I AM SORRY FOR NOT POSTING FOR SOOOOOO LONG. ONE YEAR? TWO!? I JUST. I'M SORRY. ;_; Even if I haven't been updating, people have been sending me messages, asking when I will continue and visiting the story! How crazy! You guys always have been and always will be awesome! Did anybody see the new Wimpy Kid movie? I personally loved it! Hope this chapter is okay and I hope to get back into the swing of things! C': Excitement couldn't even begin to cover the rush of feelings flooding Nikki's veins for the rest of the day. Her stomach had been bursting with fluttering butterflies and raging fireworks as anxiety overtook her. Nikki had been so happy, so eager for the evening ahead of her that she could hardly stop smiling. Her cheeks had begun to hurt after smiling for so long, causing her to stop every now and then. She was definitely in the puppy-love state of mind and her brain was just running on thoughts of Rodrick. A part of her felt incredibly stupid and naïve for thinking of such an unruly, annoying, and immature boy for such a long time but another side of her welcomed it with joy because she knew he could be so much more than the rugged exterior he displayed for the world. Nikki could hardly wait for the bell to ring to send all the teens home and away from school and when the drowned out sound filled the classrooms and halls, she practically ran out and swiftly packed her things into her backpack. In little to no time, she was out into the field and heading to her car to go home. When she stepped through the door, her mother questioned why she looked so amused and content, to which Nikki replied with a, \"Just something awesome.\" The teenager couldn't bring herself to sit still. She paced around her room until deciding to concentrate on her reflection in her vanity mirror and fix any hair strand out of place and her makeup, which had grown smudged and appeared caked on over the long hours at school. Her appearance caused her to frown for a bit before doing something about her appearance, as in brushing her hair down and setting a headband on and redoing her make up entirely. She hadn't killed much time, but it had kept her preoccupied. She threw herself on her bed, bouncing up and rustling the comforter below once she did so. She patted her stomach in a rhythmic matter, following the tune of \"I Fought the Law\" by The Clash. She was just so nervous, excited, joyful, anxious. All those range of emotions caused what felt like bubbles to pop and grow inside her. Nikki was growing afraid she'd say something stupid and ruin everything. She managed to calm herself down after repeating a mantra over and over. \"It's just like hanging out. We're just hanging out. No big deal.\" She spoke out loud, unaware her mother was pressing an ear to the door outside out of sheer curiosity with an amused grin on her features. Her mother loved her daughter, no question about that. Usually, the older woman would be overprotective and almost overbearing on the young Nikki but not this time. This time, she figured, she would take a step back and just let her daughter have fun with whoever she was going out with. She trusted her daughter enough to know she wouldn't go out and do anything stupid. Nikki had never been that kind of girl. So when Nikki quickly paced out of her room with a small satchel around her shoulder after hearing the doorbell ring, she simply waved with a smile and told her to have fun. Nikki's breath caught in her throat and her heart beat heavily against its prison inside her when she opened the door to see Rodrick Heffley leaning by the side of her house. His eyes peered up at the sound of her opening the door, his fringe falling below his eyebrows as his head was a bit tilted downward. \"Hi.\" Nikki greeted, trying to tone down the large grin on her face but failing to do so. \"Ready to go? It's not that far of a walk.\" Nikki pointed out, more concerned about the walk over to the park than the actual park itself. She would hate for an awkward silence to fall between them or for her to say something dumb. \"Yeah.\" Rodrick nodded, bringing himself off the wall with his lips popping together at the end of his word. Rodrick, on the outside, looked cool and collected but was just as much as a wreck on the inside. His mind was filled to the brim with ways on how to let Nikki know his friend broke her guitar. He just couldn't find the right words to speak. Rodrick had never been a man of words, always fumbling with what he tried to say when it came down to serious business.. Unless it had something to do with his band. That was something different. Girls, on the other hand? They were gentle and fragile but at the same time intimidating and quite.. scary. He could almost imagine Nikki turning into a raging monster, flames spewing from her mouth when she learned that her precious baby had been broken into pieces. Not only that, but he was also wondering what the heck he would even say to the girl. He always had something to say, stupid or not, but with the change in atmosphere, he wasn't sure if he'd even be able to muster a single topic. The two took off down the sidewalk, walking a bit awkwardly beside each other with a silence setting in between them. \"So, uh..\" Rodrick cleared his throat, hand shoving into his dark washed denim jeans. Nikki looked up from the smooth sidewalk, eyeing the questionable shirt Rodrick was wearing. It had been a plain white shirt, neckline loosened up a bit by obvious wear and tear, but there was the \"Loded Diper\" signature in the middle. The words had been written on with Sharpie and were fading quite a bit. \"How long've you been with the band anyways? Played any good shows?\" Nikki asked, trying to keep any sarcasm from spilling into her voice as she was serious. \"For a while.. Few months. Maybe a year. Can't really remember, actually..\" Rodrick's voice drifted as he reached a hand up to scratch at the nape of his neck. \"We've played some gigs. Really good ones too. Not going to lie, I've had a few girls come at me for autographs.\" At the end of his last sentence, his confidence wore down, obvious in how his tone had changed from strong to weak. He had regretted letting the last sentence slip through his lips. What kind of idiot said that on a DATE? Plus, it was a huge lie at that. The only fans they had were other guys and this one girl who already had her heart set on their singer. \"Really now?\" Nikki laughed lightly, noting his blatant lie and shoving him just a bit. \"Tell me when you guys play next time. I'd like to see my guitar in action, y'know.\" She commented, a soft grin on her lips. \"Oh yeah, definitely! I will definitely put you down on the V.I.P. list.. When I get around to it, y'know.\" Rodrick had no control over the words that fell from his mouth. The cocky side of him was kicking in with just a bit of humor in him and that wasn't who he wanted to be at the moment, surprisingly. \"Yeah.. That guitar of yours it pretty sweet.\" He added quickly. \"Really? Glad it's doing you guys some justice!\" Nikki told him, \"Now I really can't wait to see you guys play.. Even if you might suck. Which you might not.. I'm just saying. You play drums, right?\" Nikki knew the answer, but she just wanted to ask for the hell of it. \"Yeah but I'll do vocals sometimes. I tried teaching my brother and his dorky friend one time.. Worst idea ever. My mom thinks that I've got to take him under my wing or something.\" Rodrick shrugged, unsure why his mom would want him to do that in the first place. He wasn't exactly the best role model on the planet, he even knew that! \"A mini Rodrick? I would pay to see that transformation.\" Nikki told him with an entertained smile on her lips. \"That's just what moms do I guess, y'know? They have it built into them or something.\" \"Like robots.\" Rodrick commented, laughing just a bit at the image of his mom plugging herself in through a socket in her back every night. He wouldn't be too surprised if his dad operated that way too. \"Yeah, like robots! Or cyborgs, or.. whatever.\" The two reached the park in minutes and simply sat in the swings, rambling off from topic to topic, some serious and some not so much. The words had flowed so easily from their lips and both were surprised at how well they were acting to the other. Nikki had pictured her becoming a flustered mess while Rodrick imagined Nikki slapping him in the face over something he said. Everything had been going just perfect, up until.. \"So, hey, how 'bout I swing over tomorrow to see you guys play?\" Nikki asked, hands clutching the metal rings holding up the worn out yellow swing. \"Uh, sure, sure.. Sounds great.\" Rodrick managed a grin, though inside, turmoil was brewing.[Chapter 13] \"You told her she could come over to see us PLAY ?\" Ben, the singer, in a disgruntled manner grunted out as he practically ripped the wispy strands of his messy hair out. \"What were you thinking?\" He exclaimed, nearly flinging the mic stand to the cement ground as he approached Rodrick in an exasperated fashion. \"I didn't think she'd go through with it!\" Rodrick sputtered, raising his hands up to his chest in defense. \"Dude, does your girlfriend hit hard?\" Chad, the guitarist, questioned, bringing his back off the wall with a tint of worry in his eyes. \"She's NOT my girlfriend Chad!\" \"Oh c'mon Heffley, don't pull that BS on us. Whatever man, it doesn't even matter. The point is, this buffoon,\" Ben pointed a finger out to Chad, \"messed her guitar up. Ergo, she'll mess HIM up. Can't play a show without a guitar.\" \"Ergo? Really ?\" Rodrick rolled his eyes, a sigh leaving his lips as he began to squeeze the skin between his eyebrows with his thumb and index finger. \"She's a girl not a killing machine. Maybe it'll be fine! It'll be fine, trust me.\" Ben snickered in a sarcastic manner, showing he was not enthused with the way Rodrick was seeing things. \"If someone broke my stuff? I'd be pretty pissed.\" Rodrick groaned loudly, lazily spinning in a circle as he wondered what he was going to do. A clashing sound erupted from the closed garage door followed by an exaggerated, \"Helllooooo? Anybody home?\" Hisses of curses flew out from the frozen boys. \"You talk to her!\" \"No you!\" \"You're the one who broke the damn thing!\" \"Shut up!\" \"You go!\" \"You guys are sounding more like a cult than a band right now, just saying.\" Nikki bellowed out, \"Hurry up and let me in!\" They still didn't let her in, ignoring her playfully issued demand and continuing to whisper taunts at each other. Then, Mr. Heffley emerged from the fence to the backyard, toting a large green garbage bin behind him. The lid was partially closed but what caught Nikki's attention was the stem of a familiar instrument poking out. \"Hi Mr. Heffley,\" The greeting sounded confident at first but it degraded as the fear of her assumptions coming true emerged, \"uh, what's that?\" The man stopped carting the bin at her question, setting it up right before looking into what she was talking about in the first place. \"This?\" He sounded confused as to why her interest was piqued by something in their garbage but nonetheless, he flipped open the lid, revealing more of the mangled instrument. \"Probably Rodrick.\" He shook his head with disapproval as he muttered, \"I have no idea where this kid gets it from.\" Before he had a chance to place the lid back on the bin, Nikki came dashing, her feet practically treading fire on the Heffley's front lawn. Quivering hands flung the guitar from the trash bin, only managing to pull out the top part of the instrument. Her jaw dropped. She didn't cry but her eyes felt hot and her whole face burned with a fiery hue. \"You're dead, dude.\" Chad told Rodrick in a hushed voice as the silence settled. Rodrick pushed up the garage door, crawling out before it fell back down on him. He stood awkwardly in his driveway, furiously tugging at his shirt in an effort to give his hands something to distract his head with. Nikki whipped her head in his direction, her eyebrows knitted tight and her lips in a strong scowl. \"You said you'd take care of it!\" She screamed, almost astounded by how desperate her voice sounded. \"Uh, what?\" Mr. Heffley was deeply perplexed, trying to piece two and two together. Nikki stomped towards Rodrick, holding up the half of the guitar she had to his face. \"This is NOT taking care of it!\" She shoved it in his arms, leaving him no choice to respond by cradling it. He remained silent, eyes looking anywhere but into hers. \"I trusted you with it! I told you how much that meant to me and you- youuu ,\" She grunted from her throat out of sheer frustration, \"you're ridiculous!\" She almost shoved him but her hands remained balled into fists. Now she felt like crying, the searing tears pooling up at the rims of her eyes. \"I trusted you and I liked you and this- THIS is what you do?\" She rubbed her eyes, taking a few steps back before uttering, \"Just.. Don't talk to me anymore.\" She left the stunned Rodrick, fleeing to her car and driving off as a mess. Rodrick felt like he couldn't do anything else but his legs took him to the trash can anyways. He practically lurched over into the bin to retrieve the other half of the guitar, taking both parts in both hands inside. Why did his heart hurt? It felt like it was swollen and pulsating with prickling pain. His chest felt heavy and his cheeks were scorching. He felt awful. No, he felt like a miniscule idiot. Without a plan. Regardless, he walked into his room and slammed the door shut. \"Does this mean practice is over?\" A naïve Chad quested Ben, who merely shrugged in response, unknown of what Rodrick would be up to.[Chapter 14] \"Nikki.\" \"No.\" \"Nikki.\" \"No.\" \" Nikki – \" \"Am I going to have to call the cops or somethin'? Leave me alone.\" Worn out boots smacked against the pavement with every single step, her bones rigid with an irate blood stream that rushed to her cheeks in a sweeping red flush. One hand clutched her backpack with enough forced to drain the color from her knuckles. She looked straight ahead, trying to ignore the gigantic mess of a van that was slowly following her on the curb. The wheels squeaked and whatever died in the van was leaking out its gruesome smell through the slits of its closed doors. What was the hardest to ignore was Rodrick droning out her name every ticking second. \"I just want to talk.\" He groaned, one hand lax on the steering wheel while the other gave him some leverage over the \"center console\" (which was really just a mini-fridge taped to the bottom of the van). \"And er – apologize .\" He churned out the word with the nod of his head, almost as if it pained him to even say the word in the first place. Nikki groaned right back, the guttural sound rocketing out her throat as she threw her head back in exasperation. \"Well, I don't. Go home. I'm walking.\" She shrugged her bag back onto her shoulder. She could have popped in her ear buds and drowned Rodrick out but truthfully, she wanted to hear him apologize. It wouldn't make her any less upset but… It would be sort of redeeming. Maybe. Rodrick puckered his lips, rolling his eyes away from Nikki and holding back a grunting snort. He was trying. Really, really trying. For the first time. Ever. And he was met with rejection. He continued to drive along her side for a few more seconds before finally shoving the gear in park and getting out of the van entirely. A passing by car honked at the sudden stop and he just threw his hands up, calling out, \"Yeah, yeah, whatever!\" He dashed around the front of the van towards Nikki, the puzzled girl with a quirked brow having stopped to see just what the hell he was up to. She'd taken off walking again soon enough, leaving Rodrick to catch up and try to attempt matching her pace. \"Stop. Go home. Now. Leave. Shoo.\" Nikki fanned him away with the waves of both her hands, still not breaking eye contact with the sidewalk ahead. \"Look, I'm sorry, okay? I was an ass. I should have told you and not just thrown it away.\" Rodrick mustered a jog around her, striding backwards so he could face her while he was a few steps ahead. \"Can you just stop being pissed at me?\" She stopped dead in her tracks, her eyes throwing daggers. \"Do you seriously think that's going to just magically make everything better?\" \"I'll buy you – I'll buy a new one! Maybe. I can't promise anything.\" He wasn't actually sure he wanted to commit to throwing cash – cash he DIDN'T have – away on a guitar he wouldn't even see ever again. \"It's not even about the guitar, Rodrick! Well, sort of. I don't know.\" Nikki sighed, running both her hands through her tangled hair before dragging her fingers down her cheeks. \"It's about you lying, and yeah – about you being a complete and total ass.\" She was struggling to get her words out right. She didn't want to croak, not when she was too livid at Rodrick. \"All you wanted was the guitar all along! You didn't care about going out on some stupid walk. It was just to 'ease the blow', right? Because poor old me couldn't bear the thought of my smashed guitar without a little romance!\" There was a poison tint to her voice and she was losing control. She choked and sniffed, rubbing her nose with her back of her hand. \"I don't care if you don't like me the way I like you.\" Lie. \"I really don't.\" Lie. \"I just – I thought we were friends, Rodrick. Friends don't do this kind of crap to each other.\" Her cheeks were hot and her eyes were glassy. She didn't know whether she wanted to punch him in his arm or scream. Maybe both? Nah. Rodrick was silent. He couldn't think of a single word to say. He blinked dumbly, his mind still trying to get over the hurdle of Nikki having a crush on him. And how he messed it up royally. He didn't need a punch from her to feel like he'd gotten a swing in the gut. He felt nauseous and sick. His mouth was slightly parted, as if he was going to say something but he was oddly quiet. Nikki shook her head, breezing past Rodrick but holding back from shoving him like she wanted to. \"Just leave me alone.\" She mumbled as she walked away. Rodrick grit his teeth, his nose scrounging up in frustration as he shook his fists to the sky. One of those very fists slammed into his van, rattling the vehicle just a tad bit and leaving the upset teenager with a rattling pain in his hand that he tried to shake off with the flick of his wrist. He hissed out and watched Nikki walk away, hoping that maybe, just maybe, she'd look back. She didn't. ","Summary":" Out of all the classes she had, pre-calculus had to be the first one scheduled on the first day of "},{"Movie":"Black Swan, 2010","Title":"Tours Chaînés Déboulés","Author":"anissa7118","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7207529","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's note : Welcome, readers. This is a Black Swan alternate universe fic, so it needs a bit of explanation before you dive in. It all started like this: someone who read my other story, Coda , came over to the blackswan_fic community on LJ and posted a really thought-provoking prompt. She said that a lot of the current Nina/Lily fic assumes that Lily is a good person and that Nina's hallucinations pretty much misrepresented her as being dark and dangerous. The specific spin the reader requested was a dark version of Lily. The same reader also asked what would Black Swan have been like if the director of the company was a woman? Specifically, what if it was Lily? The two requests combined open up all kinds of interesting questions. And my muse can't resist a challenge. So this is Black Swan , seen through a glass darkly. You should know the characters, but this Lily has no heart of gold, and she's older than Nina. Not that Lily is straight-up evil; she's just … complicated. Warning : this fic contains scenes of workplace sexual harassment, flashbacks to traumatic events, lots of profanity, sexual themes, and fairly graphic sex (femslash and het). … Directing a ballet company is a man's game, always has been, but Lily – she is known by the one name only, never gives a surname – plays it well. There are rumors she plays other men's games, rumors that Nina pays no attention to. She tells herself Lily and Beth are just close friends, that it's a good thing for the company if the young director and the seasoned star have such a positive working relationship, that 'princess' is merely an affectionate nickname. Never mind that one glimpse through the not-quite-closed door of Lily's office, never mind that it looked like they were kissing, that surely couldn't be. Lily is young for her position, not that much older than the soloists, but like her surname she keeps her exact age a mystery. Somewhere in her late twenties or early thirties is anyone's best guess. She arrived from California some years ago in a cloud of intrigue, a beautiful former dancer, more recently a talented choreographer, and all too soon she'd taken over the directorship of no less a company than the New York Ballet. Nina has been working for Lily for four years, growing to appreciate a woman's style in running the company. If Lily pays particular attention to her, it must be because of her skill; Nina is a perfectionist of the highest order. Erica doesn't approve, but in her day there simply were no female directors, and to hear her tell it the West Coast was untamed wilderness, the prima ballerinas of Seattle and San Francisco no better than the New York or Boston chorale. Nina doesn't disagree with her, just keeps her head down and nods in the right places while Erica mutters angrily about the presumptuousness of it all. And then the big day arrives. Lily has decided to put on a bold re-envisioning of Swan Lake , but Beth will not automatically have the coveted Swan Queen role. One of the younger soloists will get it, and after Lily makes the first cut of them, seven are left to compete for the honor. That night, Nina practices and practices until her toes bleed afresh. When she dances the white swan the next day, the other girls glower and Lily smiles warmly. \"Nina, honestly, the moment I decided to do Swan Lake I thought of you for the white swan.\" Nina blushes under the praise, and Veronica sneers when she thinks Lily isn't looking. Lily isn't finished yet, though. \"You're perfect for it – but the white swan is only half the role. Her alter ego is the real challenge, full of passion and danger. So dance the black swan for me now, Nina.\" There's something about the way she says it, something about the way she leans forward with her mascara-shrouded gaze intent on Nina, that makes her nervous. She dances, but it's all wrong from the first move, tight and tense, technically perfect yet somehow bloodless. Worse, Nina knows it, sees the scowl on Lily's face. Knowing she's losing her chance at greatness, she tries harder, but only becomes more brittle, more forced, more anxious. Someone scoffs loudly, and the distraction throws off her rhythm so much that Nina almost turns her ankle. \"Stop,\" Lily says, and the very softness of her voice warns them of her dangerous mood. \"Whichever one of you did that, leave. Now. You will show respect for each other's work, or you can go get a job at fucking Starbucks. Do I make myself clear?\" After a long, tense moment, one of the girls flees the studio, and Lily nods. \"Veronica, you're next.\" Nina draws in breath to protest, but the words die on her lips when she sees the ice in Lily's expression. Instead she takes a seat, biting her lip, trying not to let her disappointment show. This was her chance, she's worked harder than anyone else over the past four years, striven day and night and even in her dreams to be everything Lily wants of her, and now she's lost. Again. For a while she stews in her failure; when everyone else breaks for lunch Nina sits alone in the dressing room, hugging her knees to her chest. That's the only reason she hears the argument between Lily and Beth. \"No! I will not sit by while you…\" Beth shouts, and the end of the sentence is cut off by Lily's voice, low and carrying with barely-suppressed rage. \"Enough, Beth. You know better. You knew what the deal was when it started. Don't try playing these games with me. It won't work.\" \"How dare you! How dare you talk to me like I'm one of them!\" \"You're lucky I let you stay, Beth, with all the trouble you've caused me.\" \" Trouble? \" Beth hisses. \"I'm the principal of the company, damn you, I've sold out a dozen shows in the last two years for you…\" \"And not one in the last season. It's the business, Beth. There's nothing I can do about it. Except this – I'm not covering up for you anymore.\" Beth laughs nastily. \"You're not covering up for me? Oh, well then I'm not going to keep your secrets either, Lily. And you've got a lot more to hide than I do.\" Lily just chuckles, and the sound raises the hairs on the nape of Nina's neck. \"No, I don't. Trust me, Beth, my sins are a lot more socially acceptable than yours. And I never said I'd stop keeping your secrets, just that I wouldn't cover for you. That means when you drink yourself stupid in some filthy little bar, I'm not coming to get you. Take a cab like everyone else. Understood?\" The rest of the argument degenerates into petulant muttering, and Nina's ashamed of herself for having listened. It sounded almost like a lover's quarrel, something private, not for her ears… But Lily's very disappointed in Beth now, and why shouldn't she be? If what she said is true, Beth's a lot farther gone than anyone suspects. Some of the other girls joke about her age, how the company needs new blood, but Nina's always been kind about it even as she covets Beth's place. And now she has an idea on how she might win it.[Chapter 2] The next morning Lily's heading to her office when the company's mouse steps out in front of her and says, \"Can I talk to you for a minute?\" It's unusual enough for Nina to be bold, to ask for anything, that Lily finds herself intrigued. And then she notices the dressy blouse, the earrings, the eyeshadow, the lipstick. Oh, dear. Lily can barely keep from smirking in anticipation; this ought to be amusing. She lets herself be talked into the meeting and heads into her office, curling up in her chair with her feet tucked underneath her. She must look like a cat staring at a little bird, but Nina manages to keep herself composed. \"Lily, I … I went home last night and practiced the black swan. I finished it.\" \"Good,\" Lily says, and waits for it. Does Nina have the courage, or doesn't she? \"I … I just wanted you to know.\" Nina's eyes dart to her face for a moment, then she casts her gaze modestly downward. \"And now I do. Nina, why are you really here?\" Lily asks. Nina looks up at her, doe eyes full of anxiety and bravado in unequal, uneasy measure. \"I … came to ask you for the role.\" Her voice is soft; Lily hears her perfectly, but makes her repeat herself anyway. Once she does, Lily sighs and rakes her fingers through her artfully-highlighted hair. She changes position, too, drawing one knee up and clasping her hands around it, incidentally baring more of her toned thigh. Nina's glance flicks between Lily's face and the floor, not stopping at the temptation. Ah well, there's time for that later. \"Nina. You're the most technically perfect dancer in this company; don't think I don't know that, and respect it. But this role takes more than skill . The black swan has to have passion, fire, danger – she has to seduce the audience and frighten them just a little. She's the mirror image of the white swan, the dark doppelganger who steals the hearts of the prince and the audience away from her pretty twin.\" With that she rises and moves toward Nina, a sultry sway in her step. \"Now, when I look at you, I see the perfect white swan: beautiful, fragile, pure. You'd be magnificent in that role. But in four years of dancing I've never seen you let go, lose yourself, just flow with the music. You're always so controlled, always so worried about the tiniest error. And the black swan must be free, wild, imprecise even – you'd have to relax, let it come through you instead of forcing it, surprise yourself so you can surprise the audience. Do you understand?\" It's a hell of a challenge to give to Nina, and the girl nods silently. For a second Lily's disappointed, thinking she'll refuse to rise to it, but then Nina says so quietly, \"I can dance the black swan, too.\" Yes. She's taking the bait. \"Are you sure? Because Nina, I've never seen that side of you. Not once have you surprised me.\" Lily keeps her voice skeptical, crossing her arms. \"I can do it. I want the role.\" Nina lifts her head, lets her chin jut out a little, meets Lily's gaze steadily for once. But it can't be easy, dancing this won't be easy at all, if Nina wants it she has to be willing to fight for it, so Lily sets another stumbling block in her path. \"I already chose Veronica,\" she lies. Nina flinches as if from a blow. She crumples, nodding silently, and turns to go. For a second Lily thinks of letting her, but then the idea of putting Veronica in the role – and the private dressing room beside Beth's – doesn't intrigue her nearly as much as having Nina there. Just as Nina opens the door, Lily reaches around her and pushes it closed again. \"That's it? You're just gonna walk away?\" Nina looks at her with prettily bemused eyes, and Lily steps into her personal space deliberately, turning the full force of her considerable charisma on her dancer. \"Aren't you gonna try to change my mind?\" she asks, letting her voice grow husky, her mismatched eyes capturing Nina's gaze. \"You must've thought you could, otherwise why'd you come in here all dressed up?\" Casually, Lily flicks her fingers against Nina's loosely styled hair, then strokes them along the neckline of the blouse. Shying back, Nina looks almost panicked, but there's nowhere for her to go, trapped against the door. Smiling wickedly, Lily whispers, \"C'mon, show me you have the passion for the black swan. Give me a reason to change my decision.\" Nina shivers, and Lily leans in to kiss her. She always loves the first kiss; it tells her so much. Nina's tiny shocked gasp against her mouth lets her know that, like so many others, this is the first time Nina's ever kissed a woman. The way Nina's brows draw together shows how torn her emotions are at this unexpected advance. Yet it's not wholly unwelcome, for Nina's lips are soft and responsive beneath Lily's. At that Lily finally lets her eyes slide closed, pressing her body to Nina's and pinning her more fully against the door. It's nice, very nice indeed, and the part of her mind that never quite gets swept away by lust is rapidly calculating how far this can go. Some girls only want that first move made, and one kiss like this can end with them on their knees kissing worshipfully up the insides of Lily's thighs. She thinks it will take more than that to break Nina to her will, but then Nina's lips are already parting beneath hers, the pair of them sharing a breath… And then Nina bites her bottom lip, hard . \"Ow! Fuck!\" Lily snarls, jerking away. No love bite, that was pure violence, and she can already feel it swelling. For an instant she sees something fierce and savage in Nina's eyes, but the expression's gone before it fully registers, leaving Nina looking petrified. \"You bit me?\" Lily touches her lip gingerly, and her fingertips come away bloody. Her temper rises sharply, but she curtails the urge to slap Nina across the face for her insolence. Her primary emotion at the moment is sheer shock. \"I can't believe you bit me! That fucking hurts !\" Nina looks utterly terrified by her own actions and Lily's furious response. She turns to claw at the doorknob, trying to flee. Oh hell no, she's not getting away with this, and Lily spins her roughly around, pinning her against the wall with a hand on her shoulder. It's then, while Lily's tasting her own blood, that she realizes what just happened, and she laughs softly, anger becoming amusement. Now thoroughly confused, Nina can only stare at her with pleading eyes like a mouse begging mercy of a cat. \"I'll give you that, Nina. You did surprise me.\" She lifts her hand to Nina's face, stroking the curve of her jaw lightly. As if to herself, Lily murmurs, \"You might have it in you after all. You just might.\" Utterly bewildered, Nina can only watch her, silent and trembling. She doesn't know what to do; soon enough, Lily will tell her. But not today. Best to make this one last, to take her sweet time. She wants to preserve that spark of rebellion as long as she can. It's exciting, and after climbing to the top of the ballet world Lily has found the summit less stimulating than the journey to reach it. But she can't let the bite pass unchallenged, either. \"I'll think about it,\" she tells Nina. Her mind is made up, but she wants Nina in an agony of doubt tonight, wondering what she should've done differently. She cups Nina's cheek gently as she speaks, then lets her hand slide softly down Nina's neck. It's almost accidental that her thumb comes to rest on the hollow at the base of Nina's throat, pressing oh so very lightly there, just enough to bring the panic back into her dancer's eyes. That spot is quite sensitive, yet there's little chance of actually cutting off her air; it's more painful than dangerous. Lily makes her voice cold when she adds, \"A word to the wise, though. Be careful about biting the hand that feeds you.\" After that she lets Nina escape, licking the blood from her torn lip thoughtfully. This one definitely shows promise, and Lily's looking forward to finding out just how deep Nina's good-girl act goes.[Chapter 3] Nina doesn't sleep at all that night, lying awake staring at the ceiling. She's unsure of herself, torn between fear and something that might be excitement. The role could be hers, maybe it is, but she won't be sure until the casting is posted in the morning. And if Lily does give it to her, does that mean she owes her director something more than a kiss? Is that what she intended to do all along, and was she just lying to herself while she told herself she was dressing up simply to catch Lily's eye? In some way did she ask for what happened between them? The thought is terrifying – and though Nina would never say it aloud, titillating too. She's never been kissed with such confidence and desire; barely been kissed at all, in fact. As wrong as it was, it felt good . Part of her really didn't want to stop. Another part of her, however, didn't want to be taken advantage of, didn't like the way Lily smirked at her so knowingly, and that part was the reason she bit down. She still can't quite believe she did it. Panicked, trapped, it's more like Nina to burst into tears than to get violent. And yet after the first minute Lily seemed more intrigued than angry. That interest is probably why she didn't fire Nina on the spot, but it could also be the start of Lily asking more and more of her. Nina's aware she probably has some kind of case for sexual harassment, but she'd never report it. One, it's too embarrassing to admit. Two, whether she wins or loses the end result will be the same: she'll forfeit the Swan Queen role. If indeed she's won it at all. Three, Lily is her director, whom she's always obeyed. Her loyalty to Lily hasn't wavered in four years, and it will take more than a kiss to shake it. Still, she has the nagging feeling that she screwed up somehow, that there was something she should've done – or something she shouldn't have – that could've ended with her getting the role and no one bleeding. She stays awake wondering … and replaying it in her mind, over and over again. Did she really send out such mixed signals? Was she inviting Lily to kiss her somehow? When she walks into the studio the next morning, the girls are already crowded around the posted casting. The usual mix of excited shrieks and disappointed groans reaches Nina's ears. And then they see her. Instantly Nina's in the middle of the flock receiving hugs of congratulations, as if her luck is contagious. She feels almost numb inside, looking at the typed list. Swan Queen – Nina Sayers. The role is hers; she is the star of the new production. The eager chatter of the other dancers is mere unintelligible noise now, and Nina lifts her eyes already knowing what she'll see. Beyond the girls is Lily, leaning against the wall with studied casualness, her slim hands wrapped around a mug of coffee. Nina's heart stutters to see the little mark on her lower lip, a souvenir of yesterday she didn't even try to hide. Lily just meets her gaze, raises one eyebrow, and gives her a crooked smile and the barest nod. Still, Nina knows how to read it. We're on for this. Hope you can handle it, because you asked for it and now you've got it.[Chapter 4] When Lily announces the new production to the investors, she smiles and mouths all the right words at them. It's just hot air and everyone knows it, except some of the more naïve dancers. Maybe Nina is among that group, but she's so nervous Lily suspects she hasn't heard a word of the pretty speech anyway. Still, she smiles at the crowd and curtsies on cue, and that's all she needs to do. Beauty and novelty take care of the rest. All of the patrons are here to see an exquisite new girl, get a good look at her lovely face so they will know her later when they see her onstage. There's something rather seedy about their avaricious gazes, in spite of the tuxedos and expensive dresses. But then, that's appropriate. Lily knows the history of her art. In the past, the line between ballet dancer and prostitute has been very thin indeed; both were working women in times when women didn't work, and both made their living with their bodies. Rumor has it that some companies, even in recent years, acquired wealthy patrons by giving them access to the young, beautiful ballerinas. Lily herself knows all too well how easily dancers are taken advantage of. Not for nothing does she refer to debuting a new star as 'throwing her to the wolves'. Every eye in the place is on Nina, and all of them want to devour. Lily guides her around and introduces her to the right people. The white dress Nina's wearing bares her back, and Lily takes every opportunity to rest her hand there. At first Nina almost flinches from the contact, but as time passes and the level of champagne in her glass falls, she grows accustomed to it. Lily makes no remark whatsoever about it. Not only is she taming Nina to accept her touch, she's also demonstrating to all the investors that this girl is hers . Some of them already know how she operates; she and Beth were not always subtle, and there have been others besides the company's star. All of the girls – and boys, too – vie for the director's attention, all of them court her favor, and Lily sits at the center of the web spinning them all around her. The company is a hothouse of desires and rivalries, which Lily keeps carefully in tune. Most of the patrons, however, accept the façade of sisterly affection and pretend that the company is one big happy family. Lily knows them all, knows what it will take to open each wallet, which egos to stroke in introducing Nina, which to banter playfully with, which to flirt with. This is her game, and she's damn good at it. The crowd is making Nina nervous, and Lily lets her escape a moment. Without the lovely young dancer to manage, she can look after the rest of the company. All of them are soon accounted for, the boys behaving chivalrously, the girls scattered among the investors like bright flowers in a field of tuxedos. All seems well in Lily's kingdom, everything running according to plan … but Beth is nowhere to be seen. That's not entirely unexpected, considering that the party has an open bar, and Lily goes to search for her there. When she doesn't find Beth hovering near the alcohol, she begins to grow worried. Beth has always been emotionally fragile, a classic example of artistic temperament. She hasn't been taking her aging and replacement well, railing against the inevitable march of time. It's more drama than Lily needs, and she makes another round of the party with growing frustration. Where the hell is Beth? Ultimately she has to abandon the search, leaving Beth to her own devices. Lily knows she'll regret it later, but dammit, she's a director, not a babysitter. It's Nina she has to keep an eye on now, her budding young star. She catches Nina just leaving the ladies' room and sweeps her back into the party, pressing a fresh glass of champagne into her hand. It's late when they can finally leave, and Lily walks Nina out, helping her with her coat. \"Come by my place first,\" Lily says casually. \"We have a lot to talk about.\" \"Um, okay,\" Nina says shyly, and then one of the damn patrons just can't let go, calling to Lily from the doorway. She leaves Nina for no more than a minute, and returns to the sound of ugly, drunken laughter. \"Already?\" Beth sneers at a frightened-looking Nina. \"She moves quick, doesn't she? Watch out, Nina. She's a vampire; she'll suck the life out of you and leave you hollow. She doesn't care about you at all…\" \"Beth, enough,\" Lily says, her voice low and serious. Beth wheels on her, and her eyes are bloodshot already, her gait unsteady. She's drunk and disheveled, probably snuck off somewhere with an investor. As long as it wasn't the back of the company limo, fine. This sort of thing has been happening a lot lately, and Lily knows why: Beth's trying to make her jealous. Unfortunately for Beth, that never works. Beth glares at Lily with her chin lifted. She's a tragic figure, and sadly she's just smart enough to realize it; the remnants of her beauty and passion are still visible in the ruins of what she's become. Lily takes her arm and pulls her away from Nina. \"Stop this, Beth. You're embarrassing yourself.\" \"What do you care?\" Beth snarls back. \"You don't give a damn about me; all you care about is this.\" She sweeps her arm through an arc that encompasses the party, the company, the world of ballet in general, and the wine in her glass splashes out onto the tiled floor at the gesture. Lily grabs her wrist to keep her from dropping the glass and shattering it. \"Beth. Beth . You're drunk. You need to go home and sleep this off. You'll feel better in the morning. Things will look better when you're not seeing them through the bottom of a wine glass.\" Beth's face crumples, but she's not done yet. \"Are you fucking her yet, Lily? Is that how she got my role? Did she get on her knees in your office and beg for the lead?\" That's the last damn thing Lily needs right now, and she grabs Beth's shoulders, her temper flaring. Fortunately she stops short of shaking some sense into her. \"Beth, you're imagining things. I'm not playing this game anymore, I told you. Go home, sober up, and I'll see you tomorrow.\" Beth's lip trembles, and she grabs the lapel of Lily's coat. Her voice turns pleading, and she seems about to cry. \"You're just gonna leave me here, are you? Leave me and bring her home with you. You've got champagne in the refrigerator and satin sheets on your bed already, don't you?\" \"No,\" Lily tells her, softening. The only way to deal with Beth's paranoia and jealousy is to make her think she's still special. Lily's been trying to sever ties, but she can't afford a public confrontation like this, so she smoothes it over instead. \"No, Beth. This is business, not pleasure. Besides, no one could compare to you, princess.\" That works, finally, and the reassurance soothes Beth until Lily can escape her clutches. Hopefully Nina didn't hear too much of that. By the startled look in her eyes, though, she caught some of it. Damn Beth and her possessiveness! \"Let's go,\" Lily says gently, and leads Nina to the company limo. When Nina gets in and slides over, Lily sits down beside her just a little too close for comfort. She angles herself sideways so her knee is almost touching Nina's, and sighs sadly. \"Poor Beth. When she drinks, she gets a little … delusional. Don't pay her any mind.\" Nina glances down timidly, nodding, and Lily places a careful hand on her knee, pretending not to hear Nina's little gasp of surprise. \"Beth means well, and she is a lovely dancer, but it's hard for her. It's hard for anyone to face the end of their career. I'd know. Mine came to an abrupt end; maybe it's cleaner that way, better than lingering on until your fame fades away.\" \"What happened?\" Nina asks. This is perfect, creating curiosity, trading little confidences, and Lily glances down as if she's about to surrender a great secret. \"Well, honestly, I broke my ankle. I woke up in the hospital to hear I'd never dance en pointe again. Goodbye, dream. Goodbye, career. Goodbye, stardom.\" She sighs heavily, as if all that wasn't far behind her, as if she hasn't come up in the world since then. Nina looks at her with a mix of sympathy and compassion, and Lily has to look out the window to hide her smile. The bait's taken, the hook's set, now all she has to do is reel in her conquest.[Chapter 5] … Nina has no idea what to say to Lily's admission. She seems so lonely, looking out the window and contemplating her loss. Is this really the autocratic director of the New York City Ballet, always so cool and competent? Or is this just Lily, the woman? Nina's not sure whether she should react as an employee to her boss, an athlete to her coach, an artist to her mentor, or just as one dancer to another. Lily is all of that and more to her. Gently she places her hand atop Lily's and laces their fingers together. Lily turns back to look at her, her darkly-lined eyes curious, appraising. Nina gives her a compassionate look, a small smile, trying to let her know she's not alone. \"That's terrible, Lily. I don't know how I'd react if something like that happened to me. It just shows how strong you are, though, that you got through it and ended up here.\" And having said that, Nina lifts Lily's hand in hers, gives a sympathetic little squeeze … and puts their linked hands down on the seat of the limo instead of her leg. A brief smile flickers over Lily's features as she returns the squeeze, and she pauses before answering. \"I wasn't always this strong, Nina. Life made me strong; it was either that or break down, and I was too stubborn to break. Challenges make us who we are. Courage, determination, passion, all of it has to be exercised to be developed. If you never face fear or setbacks and overcome them, you'll never reach your true potential.\" Maybe that's why Lily is so demanding of her dancers. It's an intriguing thought, one that occupies Nina's mind until they arrive at Lily's apartment. The moment they step through the door, Lily kicks off her high heels with a sigh of relief, and takes down her hair, running her fingers through it. \"Make yourself at home,\" she tells Nina, tipping her head toward the living room ahead. Faint alarm ripples through Nina. Lily is beautiful, breathtakingly gorgeous with her hair mussed, padding barefoot toward what must be the kitchen. \"I can't stay long,\" Nina says, sidling into the room. It's dominated by a grand piano, and the furniture is sleek, ultra-modern. \"My mother will worry.\" \"Why would she? You're with me,\" Lily replies from the kitchen. \"Chardonnay or pinot grigio?\" \"I really shouldn't,\" Nina frets. \"I had champagne at the reception.\" \"Half a glass won't hurt,\" Lily calls back. \"The chardonnay, I think.\" She reappears a moment later with two scant glasses and a bottle of pale golden wine, and smiles at Nina in a way that makes her chest feel tight. The dancer takes her glass and sits demurely on the couch, Lily taking the space beside her and leaning against the backrest. Nina smiles nervously as Lily pours the wine and then clinks their glasses together. \"To our future.\" \"To the company's future,\" Nina replies, and sips her wine. It's delicate and light, not tasting like alcohol at all, quite unlike the dry champagne they were drinking earlier. Lily crosses her legs, her black dress riding up a bit when she does it, and stretches one arm along the back of the couch behind Nina. \"I don't want there to be any walls between us, Nina. You're set to become the new principal dancer, and that means I'll have to choose productions to showcase your particular skills. You'll be working more one-on-one with me as well. So we may as well be comfortable in each other's company.\" Those faint alarms are ringing louder, but Nina silences them. Lily's perfectly right, of course. It's only logical for the director and the star (her? Really? Lily thinks she's good enough to be the principal soloist?) to work closely together. But that kiss in the office the other day still worries her. Lily's been nothing but professional since, never once mentioned the incident, but it still gnaws at Nina's mind. What, exactly, did it mean in the larger scheme of things? \"So tell me, Nina,\" Lily says. \"Do you have a boyfriend?\" \"No,\" Nina replies hesitantly, as those alarms ratchet up even louder. \"A girlfriend?\" Nina's cheeks burn as she turns away. \"N-no.\" Lily takes a sip of her wine, looking at Nina steadily over the rim of the glass. Nina can't quite bear to meet her gaze, though. 'No walls between us' is one thing, but this is much more personal than Nina's comfortable with. \"Are you a virgin?\" Lily asks in the same matter-of-fact tone, and Nina blushes even more fiercely. \"No,\" she lies, her eyes fixed on the hardwood floor. \"Nina.\" Lily speaks softly, but there's just a hint of command in her tone, enough to make Nina look up. \"I ask because the black swan is a very sensual role, and I've never seen that in you. I know how I want it danced; I've done it myself.\" She smiles, her eyes going distant, and Nina realizes she's never seen Lily dance. She must have been glorious. Lily grins, coming back to the present. \"Me, now, I was perfect for the black swan. It was the white swan I had trouble with. Like I said, the black swan's a sensual role, and I have no problems projecting that. Hell, that's the first thing anyone wonders when they look at me: what I'm like in bed, what it would be like to fuck me.\" Nina blushes again at that casual coarseness; Lily has a fairly relaxed attitude to language that can be blistering to more proper listeners. It has nothing at all to do with what she just said, and everything to do with how she said it. Or so Nina tells herself, sipping her wine so she doesn't have to look at the way Lily's hair curls against her neck. Lily polishes off her wine and tops up both of their glasses. \"I think, though, it's going to be a major challenge for you to find that in yourself and to express it onstage. And that worries me, Nina. You've got the white swan; you could do that in your sleep, and the audience would fawn over you. But the black one, well … I've never even seen you wear black, you know that?\" It's true. Nina prefers lighter colors, whereas Lily wears almost exclusively dark clothes, especially black like the dress now clinging sinfully close to her curves. Lily continues, \"It's as if you don't have an ounce of darkness in your soul, and that can't be true. No one is that perfectly pure. Besides, I know better. You do have some bite to you. We just have to figure out how to bring that to the fore.\" Nina looks at her wide-eyed and wary, and Lily just raises one eyebrow slightly. God, she's finally made a reference to the other day, and Nina wants to run and hide from the expectant look in Lily's eyes. \"Lily, I … I don't know … what happened, where that came from…\" Lily places a finger across Nina's lips to silence her. The director leans in close, so close Nina thinks it's going to be another kiss, and mere inches away from her mouth Lily whispers, \"Then find out.\" She strokes the curve of Nina's jaw once before letting her hand come to rest on Nina's knee. Invading her personal space again, so close… Nina takes a shuddering breath; the invitation is clear. But does she really want this, does she really want to kiss her boss? Lily's lips look so inviting, and her mismatched eyes are steady, daring Nina. Part of her wants to. Most of her cringes. No matter how magnetic the attraction, no matter how heatedly she remembers the forbidden sweetness of that other kiss, some lines simply are not meant to be crossed. Nina closes her eyes and turns away from temptation, but there's no escape short of bolting up off the sofa, and she's too polite for that. And Lily laughs, soft and wicked. \"Well. I suppose I ought to let you leave; it's getting late, and I can't have you shorting your sleep. But … hmm, I'll give you a homework assignment, Nina. For the black swan.\" Nina looks back at her, confused by how easily Lily let that go. Then Lily's hand on her knee tightens just a little, and Nina tenses. She crossed her legs demurely when she sat down but that doesn't stop Lily from sliding her palm slowly up Nina's thigh. \"Tonight, go home … and touch yourself.\" She ends it with her hand under the skirt, so high on Nina's leg that the implication can't be missed. Nina can only stare at her, eyes wide, heart racing. For a long moment they simply look at each other, and then Lily pulls her hand away with a tantalizing little drag of her nails against Nina's skin. \"C'mon, finish your wine and I'll call you a cab,\" Lily says, as if nothing out of the ordinary just happened. Nina's left trying to gather her scattered wits, her skin hot and tingling where Lily just touched her. Part of her wants to put this aside like the kiss, pretend it never happened unless Lily brings it up. Part of her – growing in strength – knows she's going to take Lily's advice as soon as she can.[Chapter 6] The morning after Nina's debut is not a good one. Lily has news for the company, and she hates making announcements like this. Morale always nosedives, but she can't keep something of this magnitude a secret, not when the papers will be reporting it. So she calls the company together to tell them Beth is in the hospital after being struck by a car. Nina's the quickest, realizing that Beth must've done it while Nina was at Lily's apartment. It's partly guilt that moves her to ask, \"Is she going to be okay?\" Lily sighs. \"They don't know yet. She's expected to recover, but…\" No more needs to be said. Beth has ended her career as dramatically as possible; typical of her. She'd rather go out with a bang than a whimper. Fortunately scandal is just another kind of publicity, and Lily manages to sound appropriately concerned and sad when she talks about Beth. She has to maintain that familial image with her dancers as well as the investors and the public. Still, it's more stress than she needs, something Beth has been from the beginning. But she was so very good, brilliant onstage, far more cunning than Lily expected offstage. Without her Lily might not have been able to turn the company profitable in her first year as director. Hell, without her she might not have gained control of the company at all for another five years. Fortunately Beth knew all of Thomas Leroy's secrets; she'd been sleeping with him, too. When Lily took the choreographer's job, she'd seduced the director's pet mostly out of revenge for Thomas' attempts to woo her. Beth had been surprisingly easy to seduce, at that. Once the two women decided to dethrone Thomas, his days as director were numbered. Lily even managed to give a very quotable speech to some reporter about how so many directors were like Thomas, objectifying and exploiting their charges, and it was time for a different style of management, a woman's hand on the steering wheel to guide the New York City Ballet into the twenty-first century. Such bullshit. Darwin was right, only the fittest survived in this world, and they did so by taking advantage of those weaker than themselves. And Lily was anything but weak. In the beginning Beth thought she was the one in charge of their partnership, and Lily let her believe so for a while, but eventually she taught Beth who was really running the show. And ever since then Beth had been extravagantly needy. She'd even professed, once or twice, to love Lily. What a fool. There's no room for love in a business partnership like this. Lily will do anything for the sake of the company, true, but there are limits. Especially now that Beth's becoming a liability as well as an annoyance. Maybe it's for the best, what she did. It's at least the fifth time Lily's told herself that. After the meeting, when the rest of the girls leave, Nina lingers. Lily tips her head in the direction of her office, and Nina follows her. Interesting, her attempts to increase the connection and intimacy between them must be working. Once the door closes, Nina asks, \"Are you all right?\" \"I will be,\" Lily replies, and unlocks her desk drawer. Several pill bottles lie next to a bottle of spring water and a flask of emergency vodka; she chooses Xanax this time, and washes it down with water rather than let Nina see her drinking at work. \"You know, Nina, the hell of it is, I'm almost certain she did it on purpose.\" \"She was very drunk,\" Nina demurs. \"Not drunk enough to fall in front of a car,\" Lily sighs, leaning back in her chair. \"Nina, I know you've always admired Beth, but … she's never been the most stable person. Many artists aren't. It seems like part of what makes us great also leaves us vulnerable to such things.\" For a long moment Nina doesn't reply, and then she looks seriously at Lily. \"If you need anything … if I can help … just let me know.\" Lily grins. It would be too easy to tell her to lock the door and get over here. Instead she simply replies, \"Be magnificent for me, Nina. Be the Swan Queen I know you can be. That's all I want.\" Nina nods gracefully, and with one last look she leaves. Only then does Lily take a sip of the vodka. Damn Beth. Why couldn't she accept fate? Why did she always have to fight against the way things are and have always been? And why, when it finally became clear to her that nothing she did could turn back time, why did she have to destroy herself? There's an ache in her chest at that, the idea that Beth might not pull through. Lily quickly drowns it with vodka. The director of the best-known ballet company in the country simply cannot afford to be sentimental.[Chapter 7] A week of intense practice later and Nina's getting more nervous by the minute. Lily is sitting in front of the mirrors in the small practice room, watching Nina and David attempt the black swan. David's role as the prince isn't that difficult; he mostly exists to showcase Nina. But Lily looks annoyed … and bored. That's a very bad combination, and anxiety makes Nina brittle. She strives for the smoothness Lily asked for, but every muscle aches with tension. Nina knows it's going to be bad by the expression on Lily's face, as if her director is mere seconds from giving up and casting someone else. She just doesn't know how bad it will be. Lily sighs heavily and looks at the male dancer. \"David, lemme ask you a question. Be honest. Would you fuck that girl?\" He gives a nervous chuckle, and Nina's whole body winces. Lily just shakes her head and stands up, striding toward them. \"I didn't think so. Neither would I. Look, Nina, your dancing…\" That's when the lights go out, and Lily's temper flares. \" Motherfucker! \" she snarls, and heads for the door. \"Hey! We're still working here! Lights, please!\" When there's no immediate response, Lily whistles sharply and claps her hands. \"Lights, goddammit! Seriously, are you even fucking paying attention?\" A muttered, \"Sorry\" from somewhere above, and the lights come back on, revealing a director pushed far past her patience. Lily shouts her sardonic thanks and then whirls on them all, seeing the expressions on her dancers' faces. She sighs and rakes her hands through her hair, the gesture Nina is coming to realize shows her frustration most clearly. \"Okay, guys, you can go. Thank you for your patience. See you tomorrow.\" But when Nina starts to turn away, Lily snaps her fingers and points at her, mismatched eyes stormy. \"Not you. You'll stay.\" As David and the pianist leave, Nina turns away from Lily, trying to maintain her composure. This is going to be awful, if Lily doesn't want witnesses; she'll bite off anyone's head in front of anyone else, even the most senior soloists aren't exempt from a cursing-out if Lily feels one is deserved, and if she wants to speak to Nina alone it must be even more horrible than the worst tongue-lashing she's ever dealt out publicly. But instead of vitriol, Lily calls Nina to her, takes her hand and pulls her close. \"C'mere, I'll be the prince.\" It's so very strange to practice this with Lily, but Nina goes with it, anything to avoid the scathing she knows she deserves. They dance a moment, faking the lifts, and Lily's off the beat, slowing the tempo as she crosses both of their arms over Nina's chest. Nina hesitates, but Lily murmurs, \"Let it go, relax,\" and a moment later Nina's bending fluidly backward over Lily's arm. \"Better,\" Lily whispers, guiding her through a turn. Nina steps away, leaving her hand outstretched, and Lily catches her fingers, brings them to her mouth for a kiss. Alarms are going off in Nina's mind again. That's not in the script, and she pulls her hand away, but Lily's graceful steps bring her to Nina's side again, and they're still dancing. Every time Nina moves away, Lily brings her back, a tug on her hand to spin her closer, and Nina's heart is hammering. There's something more than dance going on, more than choreographed steps, a darkness in Lily's eyes that fills her with apprehension. Nina leans her head back against Lily's shoulder, lifts her working leg to a perfect attitude en avant , and to her shock feels Lily's hand slide along the back of her thigh. She gasps, eyes going wide, and Lily murmurs, \"Let go , Nina, just flow with it.\" Nina comes back down, turns toward Lily, and the director moves in close. So that's what they're up to today, more seduction, and Nina's heart quickens with equal measures of anticipation and dismay. Some strange part of her, something that does not care about the fact that this is her boss , abruptly shoves Lily away. Nina is as astonished by the boldness as by the wrath she felt for that single instant. What's wrong with her? Fury flickers like lightning in Lily's eyes, just for a second, before she grabs Nina's hand and yanks her back, kissing her. Nina's frozen with disbelief until Lily draws back, looking at her with obvious demand in her gaze. Nina can't refuse her, never has, and she submits to the insistent kiss. She's still holding herself aloof, her heart hammering at the feel of Lily's mouth on hers, taking this but giving nothing back. Then Lily nips her lip just slightly, a quick burst of pain that makes Nina gasp. All of a sudden Lily's invading her mouth, their tongues dancing, and the ice Nina keeps between herself and the rest of the world melts in a flash of pure heat. God, her lips are so soft, her mouth tastes sweet, and now Nina surrenders willingly. Nina's kissing Lily now, whimpering against her mouth, one hand twining into Lily's dark hair to keep her close. And Lily's hands are busy too, stroking her sides, cupping her breasts, kneading them, making Nina moan softly. When one hand slides down between her thighs, Nina gives a little wanton cry, rising en pointe as Lily touches her. Lily growls hungrily against her mouth, her tongue stroking in time with her fingers rubbing below, and Nina's on the verge of coming apart from that alone. Fully clothed still, but Lily can surely feel the wetness through her tights, and she wants it, Nina wants it so much, her entire body aches for more. The pressure of Lily's hand, right where she needs it most, sends shockwaves of lust through Nina's body. Dear God that's so good, like nothing she's ever felt before, not even during her attempts to complete her homework assignment. Something within Nina rises, trembling, desperate to break free of her flesh, and she kisses Lily ardently, her hand tightening on her director's hair. If she could speak she would beg for more, beg Lily to take her down onto the floor of the practice room even though the door is still open, strip down to the skin and offer herself completely… Abruptly Lily takes her hand away, pulls back from Nina's mouth, and for an instant they hover just a breath apart. Lily's eyes are cold and serious, completely alien, as if this was only an exercise for her, as if it meant nothing. Panting, Nina stares at her in confusion, the ache between her thighs pure torture. And then Lily steps back. \"That was me seducing you,\" she says coolly. \"I need it to be the other way around.\" She turns to leave, and all of the shame and doubt comes crashing back into Nina. It wasn't real at all, just another means to an end, another manipulation. Worse than the scathing rebuke she expected, Lily's broken her open and held Nina's beating heart in her hands, only to cast it aside and tell her she isn't good enough. As the door closes behind Lily, Nina all but collapses, sitting on the floor with her arms wrapped around her knees. Worst of all, worse than knowing she failed as a dancer and failed to see the seduction for what it was, is the heat still boiling through her veins. Even knowing Lily was just making a point, just showing her explicitly how she wants her to play the role, Nina can't slow her racing pulse or cool her fevered skin. She sits, alone, for an hour or more before she can regain enough composure to find her way home.[Chapter 8] It seems like Lily's made her point; there's a new fluidity, a new yearning in Nina, but only when she knows Lily's watching her. When she practices she's as coldly perfect as ever, but when she dances under Lily's gaze her passion burns brightly. It's not enough. Nowhere near enough, and the opening night of the ballet is closer with each day's practice. Lily's going to have to turn up the heat to get the performance she wants from Nina. She's reluctant to do so, though, because Nina's showing disturbing signs of fragility. Lately Nina has become paranoid, shying from her own shadow, watching the other girls warily. Of course they're all jealous of her, and Lily's certain that whispered accusations have been made. They always are. There's always a few in the company willing to believe the prima ballerina got her spot by fucking the director. The point gets driven home after practice while Lily's heading for her office, trying to decide who should be Nina's alternate. No one else is as perfect as Nina, no one ever could be, and what Lily really wants is a dancer like herself, someone who embodies the black swan. The contrast and competition would be useful. But the company doesn't have a dancer of her own style at the moment. \"Lily? Can I speak to you for a moment?\" That's Veronica, who comes as close to being like Lily as anyone does. She's incredibly beautiful, with those ice-blue eyes and that jet-black hair, but there's a coldness and a sharpness to her that speaks of absolute self-interest. A born survivor who can take care of herself, and Lily respects that even if she has no patience for the kind of petty snobbery Veronica indulges in. \"Sure, come in,\" Lily says, dropping her mail onto her desk and letting it fan out in the process. It looks like a good day – more envelopes from donors than bills. \"I was wondering who you had in mind for Nina's alternate,\" Veronica says, and her voice has become a purr. Forewarned by that, Lily doesn't sit down, just leans her hip against her desk as she turns to look at Veronica. \"I was just thinking about that myself, as a matter of fact,\" she says, crossing her arms. \"Maybe I can help you with that decision,\" Veronica says, twirling a strand of her hair around her fingers. She mirrors Lily's pose, leaning against the desk a little closer than normal conversational distance, and the blouse she's wearing is low-cut. Not this again, Lily thinks. It was cute when Nina tried to seduce her way into a part, mainly because she was so clearly inexperienced at it. But Veronica has a cynical edge to her that's just too bitter for Lily's taste. \"How exactly were you planning to accomplish that?\" she asks, keeping her voice cool. \"You could always make me the alternate,\" Veronica replies, her voice even lower, and she shifts her weight, canting her hips at an angle that accentuates her curves. \"I suppose you have a good reason for me to do that?\" Lily says, sounding bored. That's Veronica's warning, but she doesn't heed it. Instead the girl releases the lock of her hair, and her hand drops to the neck of her blouse. \"I can think of one,\" she murmurs, unbuttoning the top button, and then the next. \"Or two.\" Lily takes a step forward, leaning in close. Veronica closes her eyes and tilts her head for a kiss, but the smile on her lips is predatory. It would be so easy to fuck this girl, and she is gorgeous. But it's too easy, Veronica's willing to whore herself for a part – not even a part, an alternate – and that makes it no challenge at all. Still, Lily's between lovers at the moment, so she's tempted. \"You want to dance the swan queen for me that much, hmm?\" Lily whispers huskily, a breath away from Veronica's lips, one arm snaking around her waist. \"Yeah,\" Veronica whispers back, and there's not an ounce of true passion or desire in her voice, only ambition. She moves to kiss Lily, but the director pulls back, glaring her down, and Veronica lowers her eyes in submission. Instead, she turns her head and bares her throat. Oh, she's studied this, figured out why Beth so often wears scarves. Not for nothing did the older dancer call Lily a vampire. It's just too tempting to ignore, and Lily kisses her neck, licking her skin. Veronica tastes sharply of perfume, but that doesn't stop Lily from letting her teeth frame the girl's pulse. Not hard, not enough to mark, just enough to hurt a little. Veronica gasps then, the first genuine emotion in the whole encounter: fear. Good. She should be afraid; maybe that'll knock some sense into her. Lily nuzzles up to her ear and whispers seductively, \"You want me to make you Nina's alternate?\" \"Yes,\" Veronica whispers, and she's been unbuttoning the blouse the rest of the way this whole time, baring a lacy red bra. It looks damn good against her pale skin, and Lily knows with absolute certainty she could have it off in a minute or less, have Veronica back across her desk trying not to moan aloud if she wanted to. Lily smiles, letting Veronica feel it against her skin. In the same husky voice she murmurs, \"Then lose five pounds and practice until you're half as good as Nina is. I'll consider it then, and not a moment before.\" With that she abruptly steps away, leaving Veronica staring at her in stupefied fury. She just grins evilly. Teaching the manipulative little brat a lesson is much more fun than fucking her ever could be. \"Talent decides who gets the roles, Veronica. Nothing else. Now get out of my office, I have work to do.\" As a flustered Veronica exits while trying to button up her shirt, Lily calmly starts slitting open her mail and going through it. Her calculatingly cold behavior dims once the door closes, though, and Lily sighs, dropping the envelopes and the letter opener to her desktop. Dammit, in spite of herself that did get to her, mostly because of the reminder of Nina. Sweet Nina. Lily licks her lip where the mark Nina left used to be, and thinks of how hungrily Nina kissed her the other day when they danced together. Perhaps it's time to give her a little more encouragement, maybe even leave a mark of her own. The mail can wait until later.[Chapter 9] For evilmojojojo, who cannot wait for the next update. And also because I forgot to post Friday. ;) Nina's in the middle of brushing out her hair when it happens. She turns her head to the side, letting the brush glide through the silken strands, and out of the corner of her eye she sees movement in the mirror. She turns and sees only her own reflection, but something seems … off. The same thing happens each time she stops looking directly at the mirror, and Nina begins to suspect that her reflection isn't precisely mirroring her moves when she's not paying attention. It's a crazy thought, but she can't deny the evidence of her senses. Just what the heck is going on? When Lily opens the door and walks in without bothering to knock, it startles Nina so badly she almost leaps out of her seat. \"Easy, Nina, it's just me,\" Lily purrs soothingly, placing a comforting hand on Nina's shoulder. \"Are you all right, sweetheart?\" Nina completely misses the endearment, still shaking from surprise. \"I'm fine, I just… I think someone's maybe playing a trick on me.\" That must be it, a trick of the lighting making it look like her reflection's moving when she isn't, and some of the other girls wouldn't be above messing with the lights to try and unbalance Nina. \"If they are, I'll put a stop to it,\" Lily promises, her voice low and quiet. She squeezes Nina's shoulder slightly and makes a disapproving sound. \"You're so tense, Nina. Relax. I'll take care of you.\" Ironically that makes her muscles tighten even more with apprehension, but then Lily's hands are kneading the tension away. Her touch is warm even through the leotard, and Nina sighs, letting herself start to relax at last. Lily knows what she's doing, working her way up to the nape of Nina's neck and squeezing the taut muscles there. \"Better?\" she murmurs, her thumbs rubbing away the soreness at the top of Nina's spine. \"Mmmm,\" Nina sighs, leaning into the caress. Lily drops back down to her shoulders, finding every knot of anxiety and smoothing it away. God, that feels so good. But then, Lily's hands have always felt good on her… As Nina's thinking that, remembering their after-hours 'practice' that left her shaking with desire, Lily slides her hands down even further, cupping her breasts. Nina's eyes fly open to see her director grinning wickedly in the mirror, thumbs rubbing slowly over Nina's nipples. But when she looks down at her chest, Lily's hands are only at her collarbone. Fear ripples along her spine; when she looks in the mirror she can see and feel the touch at her breasts, even though Lily's hands aren't there. What's going on? Lily drags her fingertips upward along Nina's throat, tilting her head back, and Nina lets her eyes slip closed. It doesn't matter whether it's real or illusion, she can't deny that it feels good, that she doesn't want it to stop. She sighs as Lily strokes her neck before returning to the massage; her whole body is loosening up under Lily's ministrations. At the same time a tingle of anticipation has started running down her spine, wondering just what Lily intends. It's so much easier just to close her eyes and let things happen. Lily prompts her to lean forward a little, and works on her back for a while, spreading the warmth of her touch further throughout Nina's body. Nina feels almost hypnotized, strangely disconnected from everything except Lily's hands. Nothing else matters in her drowsy, accepting state. Lily brings her back upright, stroking her neck gently. \"Much better, Nina,\" she whispers, her breath tickling the dancer's ear. Nina smiles faintly; she feels divine. \"You really should take the time to relax more often,\" Lily murmurs, and kisses Nina's neck. Reality or fantasy? Nina doesn't know, doesn't want to open her eyes and find out, so instead she simply tilts her head away to let Lily kiss her again. Slowly, so slowly, she kisses down to Nina's shoulder. Lily's lips are so very soft against Nina's skin, like warm silk caressing her neck as she works her way back up again to the tender place behind Nina's ear. \"Tell me, Nina,\" Lily purrs, \"did you ever finish that homework assignment?\" The hazy warm glow she's sunk in is the only thing that keeps Nina from blushing furiously. Even so, her cheeks are turning pink when she murmurs back, \"No. I … haven't had time…\" \"Make time,\" Lily insists, and squeezes her shoulders gently. \"It would be a good way to relieve your tension, and get in touch with the side of yourself that you need for the black swan.\" Embarrassment at discussing this starts to bring Nina out of the trance she's been in, and she only nods in response. And then Lily's tongue flicks out to trace the line of Nina's ear, and she murmurs huskily, \"If it helps … think of me.\" Nina gasps at that, her eyes flying open. She catches Lily in the act of pulling away, a smug little smile on her full lips. More teasing, and part of Nina trembles with unfulfilled need even while part of her shivers at what it might mean for the future. Still another part of her, something darker that came sliding out of the back of her mind once she let down her guard, decides not to let Lily get away with it. It's that darkness in her that has Nina grabbing a fistful of Lily's blouse and pulling her director back down with greedy strength neither of them knew she had. Her lips crash into Lily's hungrily, feasting on the other woman's mouth in a deep, thorough kiss. After an instant's shock, Lily goes with it. She returns the kiss just as passionately, and Nina moans against her mouth. The darkness in her isn't satisfied until she's kissed Lily breathless, until she pulls back to hear her director panting harshly with the same lust that burns through her own body. Then that bold and forceful side of Nina disappears, leaving her stunned by what she just did. And it's then, while Nina's marveling at her own audacity, that Lily leans back in for the coup de grace . Before Nina can react Lily's mouth is on her neck, and it feels so wickedly good that the dancer doesn't even try to stop her. Lily's licking and sucking at the sensitive skin, making Nina shiver, and then her teeth close on Nina's delicate neck just once. Nina gasps at the unexpected bite, and Lily pulls away. They're both wild-eyed and disheveled now. Lily only smiles, her mismatched eyes agleam with wickedness. \"Keep surprising me, Nina,\" her sultry voice murmurs. \"This production of Swan Lake may be the company's best yet.\" With that she's gone, leaving Nina with only the heat in her blood and the bite mark on her throat to prove any of it was real.[Chapter 10] Author's Notes: Sorry this took so long. Real life intervened - I am so stressed out right now, you guys. Everything's just happening at once. I'll try to keep updating more often. Het warning, this chapter only. It's downplayed but it's there. Also, if you're enjoying this story, please review. I always reply to reviews, and I really love reading them – sometimes they even inspire plot twists. … Well, that didn't go as planned. Lily had meant to tease Nina just a little, just enough to sate her own hunger. She knows herself well; power will do as much for her as sex, most times, and often manipulation is more fun than seduction. This is no longer one of those times. That last kiss, so damn insistent and so very unlike the usual Nina, got to Lily more than she wants to admit. Now she aches with the need to strip Nina down and make her plead for release, make her scream Lily's name at the height of her pleasure, and then make her beg for the chance to return the favor. That would be perfect satisfaction, power and lust, but she can't, not yet. Nina's still too fragile, she'll shatter under too much pressure, and Lily needs her to be strong enough to dance the Swan Queen. The company comes first, always. If she can't have Nina, then she'll find someone else. Not within the company, though. Lily's desire has reached the point where it could be perceived as weakness, and she won't let herself be anything but completely in control with her employees. Tonight she just wants to fuck someone she's never seen before and with a little luck will never see again, do it rough and wild until she forgets about how much she enjoyed Nina getting the upper hand for a second. So Lily goes out clubbing. She doesn't even need to change; these days she tends to haunt clubs a bit up-market from the kinds of places she hung out in her youth, and her daily clothes are dressy enough to get her in the door with no cover charge. Lily remembers those wild days fondly, but she wouldn't quite fit in with the same crowd now. She's grown too calculating, too careful, for the reckless world she used to inhabit. It's not precisely paradise lost, but nostalgia is another thing Lily cannot afford, and she shoves it aside as she goes out on the prowl. She finds a promising-looking club and takes to the dance floor, eyeing the people who watch her. Lily is fairly equally split in her attraction to both sexes, but tonight she wants something to take the taste of Nina out of her mouth, so she smiles back at the men who admire her. She only wants one thing, so she waits for them to approach her, playing along with their attempts to seduce her. It's easy for her, that way, to simply make her choice and let him think he's won her. Lily has several options to choose from, as always, but only one seems really promising. He's dark-haired and dark-eyed, assured of himself; he just buys her a drink and gives her a smile to go with it. \"So what're you doing here tonight, gorgeous?\" he asks, as if he's the bar owner trying to schmooze with a regular. \"Dancing and drinking,\" Lily replies. \"And trying to forget someone.\" \"Oh yeah? What'd he do to you that you want to forget him?\" She smiles. \"It's not what she did, it's what she didn't do.\" \"She?\" His eyebrows go up, and she can almost feel the excitement radiating off him. Knowing she sleeps with girls makes her irresistibly attractive to most men. \"I play for both teams. Not that I exactly got to the championship with her,\" Lily tells him, smirking. From there it's a foregone conclusion. He feels like he has to win her over for the sake of straight men everywhere, and prove that he's a better lover than the woman she's trying to forget. Lily lets him; he's just what she wants. Even better, when they dance together they mesh perfectly. That little click of rhythms syncing is the best indicator for Lily of how good someone will be in bed, and with this man whose name she's already forgotten, all the signs are good. They're all over each other in the cab to his apartment, and he's good with his hands, knows just how to touch her. Once inside neither of them can wait, and he has her up against the wall, not even bothering to undress. Even in the grip of such powerful lust, Lily makes sure to be safe; she does this too often to be cavalier about it. Once she knows she's protected, though, she abandons herself, crying out wordlessly and clawing his back. Lily can let herself go with this stranger as she can't with her dancers; there'll be no questions later, no challenge to her authority. After, over drinks and cigarettes, they make their way to the bedroom and get started on the second round. This time it's slower, more thorough, and Lily moans in sheer delight at the way he caresses her. \"God, you're perfect ,\" he growls in her ear, gripping her hips as he enters her again. I know, she thinks, but whispers back, \"So're you, baby, so are you,\" as she wraps her legs around his waist. Perfect for what she wants, what she needs, and for a few minutes she completely forgets about Nina. Lily might stay the night, but she'll make sure to wake before he does. She doesn't do mornings-after if she can help it; better just to go, and leave nothing of herself behind. No note, no phone number, only memories. That's how she prefers it, with everyone except her dancers. With them, things tend to get more … complicated.[Chapter 11] Author's Note: Since you waited so long, have a second chapter. Also something to take the het scene off your mind. *wink* That same night, on the other side of town, Nina's lying in a warm bath, the water lapping silkily against her skin. She hid the bite mark on her neck from Erica; no way could she explain that to her mother. She can barely explain it to herself. With a sigh, she lets her eyes slip closed, drifting gently in warmth and safety. She might even doze off in the bath – it's happened before – but somewhere between sleep and wakefulness Nina becomes aware of the feeling she's not alone. Someone's here with her, watching her. Her eyes fly open, but the bathroom is empty. Nina takes a deep breath to steady herself. Just nerves, after all. She closes her eyes again and slides further down into the water. As she does so, Nina feels something against her neck. At the same time her breasts are being stroked by an impossibly light touch. Nina jerks wide awake and upright, water running off her shoulders in rivulets. She stares wide-eyed around the bathroom, wondering what's going on. The answer wrings a shaky laugh out of her for her own foolishness. No one touched her; she felt the water lapping against the mark on her neck. Probably it was just the ripples she felt on her chest. Yet when she closes her eyes, she feels it again, and it doesn't feel like water. It feels … well, like the ghosts of Lily's kisses and caresses. This time Nina doesn't open her eyes to dispel the sensation. Instead she imagines Lily here with her, trailing her fingers through the water, leaning in to kiss Nina's neck. Nina shivers at the image, her body reacting as if Lily really was here. The longer she keeps her eyes closed, the more tangible Lily's presence becomes, until Nina's convinced she is here, snuck in somehow to finish what she started. Fear at the intrusion only heightens Nina's response to her touch. Let me finish that homework assignment for you, Lily's voice murmurs, and Nina stifles a gasp as Lily's hand slides down between her thighs. She has to be quiet, can't let Erica know someone else is in the house, much less what they're doing. Soon her back is arching, her body writhing, as Lily brings her quickly to the brink of ecstasy. Nina clenches her teeth on a needy cry, not making a sound, her pulse pounding loud in her ears. And then suddenly the thunder of her heartbeat is echoed by sharp knocks on the bathroom door. \"Nina, you've been in there an hour,\" Erica calls. \"Go to bed, sweet girl.\" The shock is like ice water in her veins, abruptly cooling the heat that was so close to flaring into incandescence. \"Okay, Mommy,\" Nina manages to say, and she must not sound as incriminatingly breathless as she thinks, because Erica doesn't say another word about it. Only then does Nina look around and see she's truly alone. The hand between her thighs is her own, and the realization that she's just been fantasizing about Lily dawns on Nina with a sense of loss.[Chapter 12] Author ' s Note: Sorry for the delay, again. Real life is not my friend right now. At least my father is finally done with radiation treatments, but this doesn't mean he's fully recovered. The stress on his system has left him with symptoms similar to senile dementia, from which he will hopefully recover as he regains his strength. To reward your patience, you get a nice big chapter full of backstory. Hope you like it! … There's no reason she has to do this. Beth's unconscious, unlikely to wake up anytime soon, and it's not like she'll know who visited her and how often when she does finally wake up. If she wakes up… But Lily refuses to contemplate that. She's been here every day, if only for a few moments in the morning or evening. The first two flower arrangements she brought have both wilted and been replaced. Calla lilies like her tattoo, of course, because Beth will know instantly who brought them, Beth will see them and know Lily was here before she even reads the card. For now, though, Beth sleeps, attended by machines that beep softly and display numbers and traceries of her vital signs. Lily hates hospitals, having been in them a time or two herself, and she can't bear to stay long. But she keeps coming back, keeps staring at the gaunt, wasted features of the woman who until recently shared her bed and her life, keeps opening a door to ghosts of the past. They were so good together in the beginning. When Lily was first hired, Thomas couldn't resist her, circling around like a shark. Lily rebuffed him, of course, and set her sights on his favorite just to teach him not to mess with her. She wanted his job, ultimately, but his insistence was what convinced her to act quickly. Beth preened under her flattery, and returned Lily's affectionate hugs and kisses on the cheek. When they went out for drinks and dancing, Beth was just as flirty and forward as Lily. That had played out for a while, still mostly innocent and definitely under Thomas' radar, until Lily judged the moment was right. And then, as they were smoking outside a club, huddled close against the chill in the air, Lily had asked if Beth had ever been with a woman. The dancer had grinned at her, her eyes feral, and replied with a purr, \"Not yet.\" As simple as that. Lily had kissed her then, both of them tipsy and feeling wild. They'd forgotten about going back to the club, running to catch a cab back to Lily's apartment instead. While they kissed in the backseat, Lily had whispered in Beth's ear, \"Do you think Thomas will mind?\" \"What he doesn't know won't hurt him,\" Beth had replied, and she'd spent that night with Lily. They had many more clandestine nights together, and Lily allowed herself to be wrapped up in Beth, utterly fascinated, until the constant showering of attention and affection began to turn Beth's loyalty away from Thomas. Lily made certain never to say a word against him, even defending him when Beth claimed she was a better lover than he was; Lily just said the comparison was unfair. It had been a challenge getting Beth to reveal everything she knew about the company and its director. Lily remembered every casual remark, every whispered confidence, and began to gather information she could use to force Thomas to resign rather than face scandal. Beth had become a willing co-conspirator, especially when Thomas' interest in the younger dancers was brought to her attention. Through it all Lily had never been anything but polite and professional toward Thomas, so the day he packed his office and she walked in, he didn't even realize why she was there for a moment. Only when she smiled and sat down in what had been his chair did he growl, \"It was you .\" \" Mais oui ,\" Lily had replied with a shrug. \"The advisory board chose me fifteen to three.\" His eyes had narrowed, and Lily had prepared for a violent outburst, verbal or physical. She wanted to savor her victory, though, see the betrayal on his face, so it was worth the risk. And then Beth had come to the door, laughing nastily at her former lover. \"Better hurry up and pack, hon. Five minutes from now we'll be fucking on her new desk, whether you're still here or not. And you do not want to know how much better she is than you ever were.\" At his incredulous stare, Lily had just leaned back, stretched, and smiled. \"You shouldn't have copped a feel the first week I was here,\" she'd purred, and sent him on his way. And then, yes, fucked Beth enthusiastically and loudly atop her desk. Their best years together had been those first few after ousting Thomas. Working all day at the studio, perfecting each new production, feeding off each other's passion for dance, inspiring each other to new heights of creativity. And then all night at Lily's apartment or Beth's, indulging other passions. There was nothing Beth wouldn't do if Lily suggested it, and the nights were fevered, lust blazing bright as a bonfire. For a long time Beth had been everything Lily needed. The memory of those days makes her chest feel tight. Lily strokes Beth's limp hair off her bandaged forehead. \"Why?\" she whispers, as she has at least once a visit. There's still no answer, but she thinks she knows. She told Beth in the beginning she wasn't looking for love, just for fun and friendship, a partner in the studio and the bedroom. No emotion stronger than fondness, no exclusivity, none of that. For a long time it seemed like that's what they had. But Beth started to grow possessive, jealous of attention paid to the younger dancers, even jealous of the men and women Lily met in clubs. She knew better, Lily had warned her repeatedly that commitment wasn't her style, but it turned out Beth was just fool enough to think she could change Lily. And when she learned she couldn't, well, the worst aspects of her high-strung artistic personality came to the fore. Beth acted out, drank more, seduced dozens of lovers in an attempt to make Lily jealous of what she was missing. Instead Lily felt relieved of the burden of dealing with her, and sought more distance between them. Yet here she is. Beth has her complete attention now, for a few moments at least. All she'd had to do to get it was nearly kill herself. \"It didn't have to be this way,\" Lily murmurs. She turns to go, and notices for the first time that the sheets are untucked. Normally the nurses keep Beth's bed sheets neatly tucked in all around, as if appearances matter to a coma patient. Lily has avoided looking at the awkward, unnatural shape Beth's legs make beneath the blankets, but now curiosity outweighs caution. She lifts the edge of the sheet carefully. One glimpse of steel and plaster and bruised flesh is too much. Lily has a vivid flashback to her own injury, which she'd played down when talking to Nina. She remembers, too well, the fall, the wrenching sensation, the brittle crunching snap, and the long disbelieving seconds before the pain hit like a spiked hammer. Those recollections send her fleeing from the room, a hair's breadth away from panic, and she stops herself in the corridor outside the hospital unit. Lily leans back against the wall, head bowed, forcing herself to take deep, slow breaths. Her broken ankle had been pure mental and physical torture. Even with a cast, every step or accidental jar sent fresh pain sparking up her leg. And the knowledge that she'd never dance again, that her shattered and pinned-together ankle would never support her weight en pointe … Well, at the time dance had been her life, the only time she ever felt whole was when she was onstage. Losing that had taken her right back to the hell she'd clawed her way out of. The doctors hadn't wanted to send her home alone, but she had no family, so Charles agreed to look after her. Charles, her director, her lover, her mentor in all things. The pills they gave her didn't keep the pain at bay, so he supplemented them, and the first few weeks after the incident were a drugged-out haze. When Lily sobered up enough to realize how much she'd truly lost, she'd tried to take her own life. Charles found her bleeding, took her to the emergency room, and sat with her as they bandaged her wrists. He was the one who talked her down from all the metaphorical ledges over the next part of her recovery. Not because he loved her – Lily was never so foolish as to think that. Charles loved no one other than himself and the San Francisco Ballet. He took care of her because he hated to see her talent wasted. He was the one who found her a new place within the company, as the assistant choreographer. She'd found her way again, found a new reason to live, climbing the ladder of success all the way here to the East Coast's premier ballet company. Lily had thought those dark times were behind her, but the flashbacks racing through her mind prove otherwise. Those days of drugs and pain and bitter despair are only a thought away, kept from her conscious mind by the thinnest of membranes. Too clearly she can remember how the knife slid easily through the thin skin of her wrist, how the blood welling up was almost pretty, bright red against her fading tan. Lily shudders, her hands tightening into fists, her eyes screwed shut as if somehow that could block out the images of the past. She doesn't want to go back there, doesn't want to think of Beth ever again if it means reliving that hell… \"Lily? Are you all right?\" It's Nina's voice, and Lily snaps back to the present with a startled gasp. She must look like hell, wild-eyed and trembling on the verge of tears, and she does not cry, not since she was a little girl and learned that tears change nothing … only once since then, in those days when her dreams of dancing died, she'd wept as she sharpened the knife. \"I'm fine,\" she says, her voice rasping, and by the look on her face Nina doesn't believe her at all. \"Here, you need to sit down,\" Nina says soothingly, and Lily bristles. She loathes pity, hates being treated like she's weak . \"I told you I'm fine ,\" Lily growls. Anger gives her enough stability to straighten up and toss her hair over her shoulder. Poor Nina looks so confused, and Lily remembers in time that she doesn't want to lash out at this one. She can't risk breaking Nina. \"Really, Nina, I'm okay. Just a little light-headed. It's that antiseptic smell. I can't stand it for long.\" \"All right,\" Nina says softly, cautious again. \"Have you been in to see Beth? How is she?\" \"About the same,\" Lily replies, wondering why Nina's visiting. She and Beth never seemed close, and the last time they spoke Beth was drunk and vicious. Then again, maybe Nina feels some kind of guilt because she was with Lily when Beth decided to dance in traffic. Nina nods and seems uncertain. She is such an awkward thing most of the time. But oh, when she dances, she's not awkward at all then. Lily smiles at the thought. \"I'll see you at the studio,\" she says, and gives Nina a quick peck on the cheek that leaves the younger woman even more off balance.[Chapter 13] Author ' s Note: Instead of giving you a long-winded explanation of the Florida hospital system and aftercare, I'll just say my life is insane right now and will continue to be for the foreseeable future. Updates will be sporadic, but they will happen. Thank you for your patience. … The rivalry among the dancers is at fever-pitch with no one declared as alternate for so long. All of them want it, and all of them are ready to do anything to get Lily's approval and beat the rest into the top position. All except Nina, who's beginning to believe that Lily has such faith in her that she's not going to name an alternate for the Swan Queen. It would be unprecedented, but doing the unexpected is hardly unusual for Lily. Nina tries to stay out of the others' squabbling, though she can't help overhearing some of it. Veronica is the most cutthroat by far. She's reduced Michelle, a promising young soloist, to hysterical tears more than once. And everyone suspects her of being the one who keeps leaving doughnuts and candies in the dressing room. Some of the girls can't resist, and it quickly shows. And then Veronica turns on Nina. Every time Nina turns her back on the blue-eyed girl, she hears mocking laughter—but when she turns to look, Veronica just gives her a dubious glance. Veronica has to be the one spreading rumors, whispering to the other dancers that Nina's losing it. Nina can tell by the way they look at her. That strange darkness in her soul rises up one day after practice, and instead of flinching away from Veronica's subtle gibes, Nina rounds on her. \"What is your problem ?\" she snaps. \"If you want the role, then keep practicing until you're good enough for it!\" \"Yeah, that'll help,\" Veronica sneers. \"We all know how you got it.\" Some of the other dancers suppress laughter; some don't bother to hide it. Nina's spine turns to ice, and she can't help but stare in utter incomprehension. Veronica smiles patronizingly. \"Don't worry, Nina. You'll always be the prima ballerina, as long you keep on being Lily's little princess.\" She can't help blushing fiercely, and that's all the confirmation the rest need. Veronica grins in triumph, laughing nastily. After that, Nina's sure that Veronica has been the one messing with the lights in her dressing room, the one spraying Lily's perfume in there so Nina catches ghostly hints of her scent. It's not just Veronica, though. All of the girls are against her; she gets shoved in the hallway, or glared at on the way into the studio, almost daily. It's like Veronica's managed to turn them against her. Someone steals her lipstick right out of her purse one morning, and not even Lily's furious lecture on respecting one another's property gets it back. Nina grows increasingly paranoid. All of it comes to a head the day Nina goes to be measured for the black swan costume. Her reflection is multiplied a thousand times by facing mirrors, and some of the reflections aren't behaving quite right. Whenever Nina moves, some of them don't move exactly in time. While she looks intently, trying to figure out if it's some flaw in the glass that's causing that effect, one of her reflections leans out of the pack and looks boldly back at Nina. She gasps and jerks back, startled. The errant reflection is gone, replaced by a dark-haired dancer talking to the costumer. Nina turns to look, and sees Veronica. The blue-eyed girl smiles at her. \"She finally made me your alternate,\" Veronica says sweetly. \"I guess you're starting to bore her.\" Nina stares wide-eyed as a doe in the path of a semi truck, then whirls and flees. She's running down the stairs as Lily is coming up them, and at the sight of her director Nina starts calling her name in frantic, rising tones. That gets Lily almost-running to meet her, and she's normally quite deliberate about taking the stairs. \"Nina, honey, what's wrong?\" \"Not her,\" Nina gasps out. Her voice is choked with emotion, fear and anger fighting for supremacy. Tears of frustration are beginning to leak from her eyes. \"Not her. She's out to get me, Lily, you can't, not her, anyone but her…\" \"Shh, shh,\" Lily soothes as she steps up onto the same stair as Nina, equalizing their height. She cups Nina's face, making the half-hysterical dancer look at her. \"Easy, Nina, relax. It's okay.\" \"No, it's not, Veronica's trying to drive me crazy, she wants my role…\" \"She can't have it unless you give it to her,\" Lily counters, her voice low and steady. Nina craves her serenity, leaning into the touch as Lily strokes the tears away from her cheeks. Nina's still trembling, though, and no amount of soothing will talk her down from the nervous ledge she's shivering on. Lily gently leads her down to the office, and nudges her into taking the chair. Nina lets her, trying to concentrate on each breath; she doesn't notice as Lily unlocks her desk and takes out a bottle of water … and a bottle of pills, shaking one into her palm. \"Sweetheart, you're stressed out and wound up. Here, take one of these.\" Alarm brightens Nina's tear-stained eyes. \"I don't… I shouldn't…\" \"Relax. Would I give you something that could hurt you?\" Lily says it lightly, but Nina's not yet convinced. She's always been wary of drugs, never had anything stronger than Tylenol in her life. When she doesn't take the pill being offered to her, Lily looks hurt. \"It's just Xanax, Nina. They're for anxiety. It'll help you calm down.\" That sounds reasonable, but… \"Why do you have anxiety pills?\" Nina asks, confused. Lily laughs. \"Sweetheart, if you don't think my job is stressful, I'll take a vacation and let you do it for a week, okay?\" \"You're right.\" Nina manages a rusty chuckle and takes the pill. Lily has a point. Just because she seems so perfectly calm and put-together at every moment doesn't mean she isn't stressed-out, too. And then, Nina's never quite believed Lily's excuses the day they ran into each other at the hospital. Lily looked frankly panicked then, though she'd gotten herself under control quickly. Maybe she knows more about anxiety than anyone suspects. Nina swallows the pill with a sip of water, and Lily encourages her to drink the rest. \"Now you just sit back, close your eyes, and think relaxing thoughts until that starts to kick in,\" Lily says. She's leaning against her desk, watching Nina, who tries her best to breathe deeply and calm down. A deep shudder runs through her, and she opens her eyes. \"Veronica is out to get me,\" she manages to say. \"Why'd you make her my alternate?\" \"Trust me, I didn't want to,\" Lily sighs. \"But she's the next best dancer. She's nowhere near good enough for your role, but I have to have an alternate. And maybe now that she's got the alternate she'll quit fucking around with the rest of the girls.\" \"You know about that?\" Nina says, shocked. If she knows, why hasn't Lily put a stop to it? \"Oh, I know it's her. I just can't prove it, or I'd kick the little bitch to the curb in a heartbeat. She's talented, yes, but she's spiteful and ambitious. She has no soul , Nina, not like you do.\" Lily's gaze turns tender at the comparison, and Nina looks down. \"Veronica thinks…\" Nina can't finish the sentence, a blush mounting in her cheeks. \"She thinks what?\" Lily asks. \"That I … that you and I…\" Lily scoffs. \"Oh, she thinks you fucked your way into the starring role?\" Nina snaps her head up at that cynical tone, and sees Lily shaking her head scornfully. \"Whatever. You and I both know it isn't true. You wouldn't go that far, and that's not how I run things. You got the role because you're the best for it, period. Your white swan is perfect, and your black swan's coming along nicely.\" \"But … the day I asked you…\" Nina's totally perplexed now. How can Lily act as if the things that have happened between them never happened? Not even in her own mind can she refers to those incidents in specific terms. Lily smiles indolently. \"Sweetheart, I never had Veronica in mind for the role. I wanted you to star in this show. But I had to make sure you had the passion for it, that you wanted it enough to fight for it. And that bite showed me there's more to you than the sweet little girl you let everyone else see.\" Nina blushes again, and to her own surprise fresh tears run down her heated cheeks. \"Hey, what's wrong?\" Lily asks worriedly, cupping her chin and making Nina look at her. \"I … I thought … you only chose me because…\" Nina answers. Deliberately, Lily shakes her head. \"No, love. It's not like that. I promise you.\" With that she leans forward and kisses Nina twice, just beneath her eyes, kissing the tears away. Bemused, Nina looks up at her as she pulls away, seeing Lily lick the salt off her lips. That starts up a different kind of blush, one that only gets worse when Lily hops up on the desk and crosses her legs. The angle that Nina's sitting at, for a brief second she can see straight up Lily's skirt. She gets a glimpse of toned thighs and black panties, and for an instant she imagines sliding her hands up there, leaning forward and kissing that perfect skin. She doesn't realize she's still looking, staring fixedly, until Lily asks in amusement, \"See something you like?\" Nina's ears burn as she blushes even more brightly crimson, looking anywhere but at Lily. The director nudges Nina's knee with the tips of her toes, laughing. \"Oh, stop. It's all right, Nina. I like being appreciated. If I didn't like it, I wouldn't go through all the trouble of keeping myself in shape. Not to mention buying the wardrobe to show it all off.\" Lily is a sharp dresser, favoring dark colors and cuts that flatter her slender curves. Nina's noticed more than she apparently realized before now. Still, she can't look Lily in the eye, not now that she knows she's been caught staring. Lily just chuckles. \"Feeling better?\" \"Yes, actually,\" Nina says, surprised. \"Good. Come to me if you get feeling high-strung like that again. Some stress, some tension, is necessary for high art, but if it gets that bad we've got to dial it back just a bit.\" With that she hops down off the desk and kisses the top of Nina's head. \"Come on, you'll be late for afternoon practice.\"[Chapter 14] Author's Note: My life has been insane for months. It's finally sort of evening out again, so here's a couple chapters of TCD to apologize for making you wait so long. The post-Coda fic set in California is still in the works, but I have no idea when I'll get around to it. This one, at least, I got some headway on. Thanks for being patient! … Lily watches Nina dance that afternoon with avid eyes. A little Xanax goes a long way; freed from the anxiety that typically imprisons her, Nina dances with more fluidity and grace, and her black swan is lovely. Lily doesn't bother to hide the hunger in her rapt gaze, though she can't quite lose herself in the performance. She'll have to do something about Veronica eventually. That snide attitude just won't fly; it's irritating as hell, and it wrecks the entire cooperative/competitive dynamic essential to the company. She just has to catch Veronica in the act and confront her with evidence. Then she can properly humble her. Forced to beg for a second chance, Veronica might finally realize who's in charge here, and that she's never going to be able to manipulate Lily into doing what she wants. Not to mention, it would be very interesting to see what Veronica would offer to keep her position if she felt her director was truly furious with her. It's been a while since anyone wore a collar for Lily… Besides, humiliation and domination would keep Veronica under better control than sex. If they fuck, Veronica can pretend it's her own idea, and Lily wants to thoroughly destroy her delusions of superiority. Sex is one of the things that Lily does only on her own terms, no compromises accepted. She can't concentrate on all of that now, though. It's for the future. As for the present, she has to walk a very fine line with her young star. At the moment Nina is making David seriously reconsider his answer of a few weeks ago. She actually smiles , not the strained tightening of lips that usually passes for a smile, but a real grin of happiness. It's the Xanax, of course, and that gives Lily all kinds of ideas. Lily keeps a small pharmacy split between her medicine cabinet at home and her desk drawer at work, all of which was prescribed to her: Ambien, Cymbalta, Percocet, Valium, Vicodin, Wellbutrin, and Xanax. Some are for stress, some for depression, some for pain, and one for insomnia. By seeing several different doctors and using two pharmacies, Lily manages to keep all of her prescriptions current without any of them realizing she's using the drugs for more than the specified purpose. Speaking of recreational drugs, in several careful hiding places she also has a few things she acquired by trading her legitimate prescriptions: some Rohypnol, and a generous supply of ecstasy. That last is the one that Lily's mind keeps coming back to. Sedating Nina won't help her for long, and the antidepressants might not help. The pain meds, well, they'll chill her out, but Nina surely doesn't have Lily's tolerance, and even half of one of her Vicodin would probably leave Nina acting drunk. And she certainly doesn't want that. Lily is aware, of course, that sharing prescription drugs is a felony. Any narc looking into her desk drawer would immediately assume she's either selling them or abusing them. She would argue the point, and possibly win; her ankle has never been the same, and New York's damp, chilly winters turn it into an agony some days. Plus the stresses of her job, of trying to hold this company together in a world that barely appreciates art and mostly associates ballet with grade-school girls in tutus, have certainly given her a right to be anxious, depressed, and sleep-deprived. She doesn't think of herself as a junkie, nor does she consider the way she uses and mixes her prescriptions to be drug abuse. It is true that without her pills, Lily would be a very different person: on edge, in pain, subject to bouts of depression, and possibly violent as well. The meds keep her calm, keep the pain at bay, chase the darkness from her mind, and soften her quick temper to something more socially acceptable. She's careful how and when she uses them, knowing that all of them will enhance each other's effects, and that taking any two of them with alcohol would likely kill her. They are dangerous, and for that reason both the cabinet at home and the desk drawer are locked. Lily's not afraid of death, though. She loves life, loves its challenges, loves making new conquests. If she dies, at least she'll do so knowing that she lived while she could. All the same, she's not eager to die, so she keeps the drugs carefully separated and knows her reaction and tolerance extremely well. With Nina, she needs to reduce the girl's anxiety without dragging her down so far she can't perform. Tension is necessary to her performance, or Lily wouldn't torque up the attraction between them the way she does. Still, sexual manipulation can work both ways, to put someone on edge or to relax them. Yet with Nina, Lily doesn't think it's going to work as the only solution to her excessive stress. She'll need drugs—Nina's neurotic enough that it's a surprise she's not already on them. And ecstasy seems like the best candidate. It'll relax her without making her sleepy or impairing her mind. It will also make her more sociable, less awkward. And perhaps best of all, it will make her more aware of her body. Not in the clinical, technical, muscle-tendon-and-bone in which she knows it now, but a more sensual understanding. Nina's beautiful, in a fragile way, yet she doesn't seem to know it, or to enjoy the youth and loveliness that she possesses. Lily would like to see her embody that more, to love herself and to fully inhabit her flesh, so that her black swan can be every ounce as magnificent as Lily needs it to be. It's then, while Lily's daydreaming about how Nina would dance on ecstasy, how much freer she would be, that Susie knocks on the door before opening it. Everyone stops and turns to look. \"Sorry to interrupt, I know you're working,\" the older woman begins. Lily waves a hand dismissively. \"No problem. What's up?\" If it were anyone else, Lily would scold, but as Charles once told her, the first rule of any successful director is love thy office manager . Susie knows everything that's going on, sometimes before Lily does, and she would never risk the woman's displeasure by yelling at her. \"It's Beth,\" Susie says, and Lily's heart kicks once, hard, like a furious dancer trapped in her chest. For a moment she can't even hear the next words, so sure of what they'll be. She's dead. \"I'm sorry, what did you say?\" she asks, in a polite calm tone nothing like the roaring in her ears. \"She's awake,\" Susie repeats, starting to smile. \"Beth's awake, Lily, the doctors won't say anything over the phone, they're trying to reach you, but the nurse I spoke with said it looks good…\" Lily's instantly on her feet, and she hadn't known until this moment quite how much she was expecting Beth to die of her injuries. She takes two steps before she remembers what she's doing here, and turns to look at her dancers. Nina is the only one who catches her gaze, and her eyes are full of complicated things. \"Go,\" she says softly, and Lily does. Only once Lily's actually in the cab does she realize it looked to everyone watching as if she asked for and received Nina's permission to leave. She swears, thumping her head on the backrest of the seat a couple times in frustration. Still, it's Nina, and so far Nina's mostly been easy to keep in check. Other than a few brief flashes, she doesn't seem to have much dominance to her. Veronica, now, if it had been her Lily would probably have to physically overpower her to rein in her ego after an incident like that. Even though she's seen Beth every day for two weeks (except the past three days, she hasn't been back since that horrible glimpse of Beth's shattered leg), Lily's still shocked at her appearance. While she slept, Beth had a kind of mournful serenity. Now awake, it's more obvious that she's weak and gaunt and in pain. Lily wants to shy from the vision; she's seen that look in a mirror before. But Beth is expecting her, has already caught sight of her, and her smile is pathetically glad to see Lily here. Lily goes to her in a rush and hugs her carefully, murmuring, \"Oh, princess, I thought we'd lost you,\" against Beth's lank hair. Still, in the back of her mind, she's thinking Beth looks terrible. The comparison with Nina, in the flush of her youth and power and beauty, is especially cruel. If Nina looks like life and potential, Beth looks like death and wasted chances. Lily can't help knowing which one she'll choose.[Chapter 15] It's two days after Beth wakes when, distracted by a flirtatious smile from Lily at afternoon practice, Nina forgets her bus pass in her locker. She turns around to get it, and catches Veronica in the act of writing 'WHORE' on her locker in a familiar dark red lipstick. That dark part of herself, the one she tries to keep locked down, rages forth. \"What do you think you're doing?\" Nina yells, startling Veronica enough that she drops the lipstick. After a second of shock, the other girl recovers her arrogance and sneers. \"Reminding you of what we all know.\" \"You don't know anything,\" Nina snarls, storming toward her. Veronica steps forward too, shoving Nina hard. But Nina's half-blinded by outrage, and she grabs the front of Veronica's shrug and uses it to swing her around and slam her bodily against the lockers. Her pale blue eyes open wide in shocked terror, and Nina leans in to hiss, \"You stay the hell away from me if you know what's good for you!\" \"Leave her alone, Nina,\" comes Lily's voice from just behind her, and the director's hand is on her shoulder, gentle as her soft-spoken words. Somehow that cools Nina's wrath like nothing else could, and she's alone in her head when she stumbles back from Veronica. Lily rounds on Veronica now, and takes a deliberate step into her space. Nina can see the banked rage burning in her mismatched eyes, and Veronica quails. Lily's glance flicks from the girl to the locker to the lipstick on the floor. \"Nina, is that the lipstick that went missing?\" Nina picks it up to make sure. It's got her initials written on the label, something she did shortly after stealing it from Beth—only she didn't think of it as stealing then. It was more like … trying to capture a bit of Beth's glamour. If she wore Beth's earrings and lipstick, if she evened her nails with Beth's file, maybe she'd gain some of Beth's luck. Although now she begins to wonder if she's stolen more than a few trifling items from Beth… \"Yes, it's the same one,\" she tells Lily. \"You're a thief, a liar, a gossip, and a coward,\" Lily tells Veronica in dispassionate tones. \"Get out.\" \"What?\" the blue-eyed girl gasps. \"You heard me. Get out. Leave the studio. Don't come back 'til Thursday when the checks come in. We'll discuss your severance then.\" \"Severance?\" Veronica nearly screams. \"You don't dare…\" \"Don't try me,\" Lily warns, taking another step closer, her eyes blazing. Nina's heart pounds. This is what she's wanted to see from the beginning, Lily taking her side against those who are trying to drive her mad. Justice served, at last. Pushed to the brink of hysteria, Veronica does something as stupid as it is unexpected, and tries to shove Lily . Nina gasps at the audacity, but Lily has her pinned against the lockers in half a second, Veronica's face flattened against the metal while her arm is twisted up behind her back. \"Let me go,\" Veronica half-sobs. \"Let me go or I'll sue your ass off!\" \"Like you can afford a lawyer,\" Lily says, sounding bored. \"I told you not to try me, Veronica. You really don't want to threaten me. Now get out .\" The last is a snarl full of warning, and Lily releases Veronica only to watch her flee. For a moment, Nina's actually a little scared of her savior. It's not the first time, though, and the feeling passes when Lily sighs in annoyance and rakes a hand through her hair. \"Well, that's done with. I'd hoped to catch her today—I just didn't expect you to be here too.\" \"I forgot my bus pass,\" Nina explains, feeling guilty for messing up Lily's plans. \"As long as she doesn't go to the cops and try to charge us both with assault, we're okay,\" Lily says, and Nina startles at the realization that what just happened could get them both in serious trouble. Then the director shrugs. \"I doubt she will, though. She's too much a coward. And if she does, I have the company lawyer on retainer, plus it was self-defense. If she wants any chance at keeping her job, she'll be smart enough to keep her mouth shut until Thursday.\" \"But … but you fired her,\" Nina says, perplexed. \"Yeah, and I told you I gave her your role, once,\" Lily says with a grin. When Nina just stares at her in confusion, Lily cups her face, stroking a gentle finger along her jaw. \"Sweetheart, I don't want to get rid of her. She's a good dancer; she just sucks as a person. If I can force her to be a good enough person that the rest of you can tolerate her, I don't have to kick her out.\" \"She deserves to be thrown out.\" It takes Nina a second to realize that muttered growl is her . \"Yeah, she does. But if we all got what we deserve, the world would be more miserable than it already is. Besides, I hate seeing talent go to waste. Half of us don't appreciate what we have 'til it's gone.\" Lily's eyes flash stormy at the end, and Nina remembers she was injured at the peak of her career. \"I'm sorry,\" she murmurs, looking down. \"I just … I was so angry at her. Lily, I don't know how to thank you for stepping in when you did.\" Just like that, Lily's mood lightens. \"I do. Come to dinner with me.\" Nina blinks in surprise, and Lily smiles persuasively. \"Drinks, at least. Come on. Please?\" Nina's never seen her like this, and it makes her chest feel strangely tight. Lily's being coy, playful … almost flirty. \"All right. But I can't be out long. My mom…\" \"Tell her you're with me,\" Lily says blithely, and catches her hand, tugging her along.[Chapter 16] Author's Note: My life has been insane. Thank you putting up with the delays—at this point I have no idea when I'll be able to get this fic finished. I'm trying to work on it, but the amount of free time I have has plummeted. … Nina's plainly nervous when they sit down to dinner at a little restaurant-slash-bar. The lighting's dim, the tables are a comfortable distance apart, and the food smells delicious. Lily's mouth is already watering when their waiter brings them menus. \"Order whatever you like, I'm paying,\" she tells Nina. \"I can't let you…\" The poor thing actually looks distressed. \"We'll talk about dance, so it's a business dinner and I'll deduct it on my taxes,\" Lily replies firmly. \"No, really, Lily. I can't let you buy me dinner,\" Nina protests. Lily looks at her over the menu for two full seconds, one eyebrow arched up. \"Nina, I'm your boss. I'm ordering you to pick something delicious on my dime. Now stop arguing with me.\" That very serious tone gets a faint snicker from Nina, and when the waiter returns she orders a fancy salad with strawberries and pecans. Sounds good, actually, but it's not what Lily's craving. When the waiter turns to her, she says, \"I'll have the mushroom swissburger, hold the onions please, but extra mushrooms if you can. And no side order.\" Nina's eyes widen, and Lily chuckles at her. \"What, you've never seen a dancer order a cheeseburger before?\" That gets a laugh, and they spend the time before the meal arrives in casual small talk. Lily makes sure to discuss business enough that it will really count for a tax deduction, and in the process enlightens Nina a bit more about her side of things. When the food arrives, Nina is clearly shocked by the size of the burger. \"There's no way you can eat that whole thing!\" she exclaims. \"You're right,\" Lily says in amused tones. \"Wanna share?\" \"Oh God, I can't,\" Nina says, shaking her head. \"The calories…\" \"You'll dance it off,\" Lily replies, already cutting it in half. She gives Nina no choice, switching to the seat beside her (and noticing Nina's little gasp when she does) so she can more easily steal bites of Nina's salad and share the burger. Nina has the choice of taking a bite of the sinfully rich burger, or having it bumped against her nose, so she takes the bite. And practically groans, rolling her eyes. Lily wonders when she last allowed herself to indulge in something like this. Probably never, given how slim she keeps herself. Of all the girls, Nina could actually stand to gain a pound or two of muscle. Defeated, Nina takes her half of the burger while Lily demolishes hers with obvious enjoyment. The waiter drops back by to ask how it is, and flirts awkwardly enough that Lily has to resort to a blunt smackdown to get rid of him. As if anyone with half a brain couldn't figure out who I'm trying to charm here, she thinks, scoffing. They're sitting just a little too close, sharing each other's meals, even laughing a bit, though Nina's still cautious. When she finishes the burger she looks ruefully at her slightly shiny fingertips. The burger was too juicy to be eaten neatly. \"God, I can't believe I ate that. There's got to be a hundred calories in just the grease there.\" \"Damn the calories,\" Lily laughs, catching Nina's hand and licking a spot of mushroom-beef-swiss deliciousness off her thumb. The girl gasps, and Lily smiles as she sucks the rest of her fingers clean. And Nina lets her, unable to pull her hand away even though her pulse is racing hard enough for Lily to feel it on her tongue. Her eyes are dazed when Lily pulls away, and the director tries to keep the wicked, knowing smile off her face. \"Mmmm, that's yummy. And the salad was pretty good too.\" \"I … I have no business eating that much,\" Nina says shakily, trying for normalcy and failing absolutely. \"Then there's only one thing to do,\" Lily says, catching her gaze. \"Go next door to the club and dance it off before it gets a chance to stick.\" \"Oh, I can't,\" Nina protests immediately. \"Why not?\" Lily asks, confident she can overcome any objection. \"Well, my mother will worry if I'm out too late.\" \"You're with me , Nina. She can't complain if you're with your boss—on business, no less.\" To her shock, Nina actually laughs. \"This isn't business, Lily.\" \"Of course it is,\" Lily argues. Life has taught her to regain her equilibrium—and control—very quickly. \"Taking you out for some rest and relaxation, getting you to indulge a little, it's all about business, about making your black swan as perfect as it can be. You can't study for the most passionate role you've ever danced all alone in a studio, can you now?\" To that, Nina has no argument. It doesn't mean she's quite given in. \"I don't even know if I can dance to, you know, club music.\" And that's more of a wheedling complaint than a real excuse. \"Oh please. You have how many years of training in ballet? And half the people out there have never had one dance lesson? You'll be fine if you can just let go.\" \"That's the problem, I can't let go. I never have, not at the studio, not at home, never ,\" Nina says in a rush, her voice strained. \"Easy, sweetheart,\" Lily soothes. \"I honestly believe you don't know how to relax. Here, I'll help you.\" With that she opens her cigarette case to reveal two white capsules. Lily plucks one out and offers it to Nina. \"Those don't look like the others,\" Nina says warily. \"They aren't the same. This won't make you sleepy like Xanax,\" Lily replies casually. When Nina still won't take it, she sighs with a hint of irritation and pops the pill into her own mouth, washing it down with a sip of water. Its effects will be muted by the antidepressants she's on, but she'll still feel most of the euphoria. \"See, it's not poison. Now take the other one.\" As she speaks she's plucking it out of its place. Nina finally takes it, but she holds the capsule cupped in her palm for a moment, still hesitating. \"But what is it?\" she asks. \"MDMA,\" Lily tells her, letting herself sound a trifle cross. \"It'll relax you, make you less fearful, make you feel good… Take it, Nina.\" The only pressure she puts on Nina is the weight of her expectation; she won't force Nina or anyone else. Lead her astray, yes, oh yes indeed, but drive her there unwilling? Never. And finally, Nina does yield, and swallows the pill. Lily smiles triumphantly, pays the check, and pulls Nina to her feet. \"C'mon, let's go next door and have a celebratory drink.\"[Chapter 17] A/N: What's this? A new chapter after a break of more than a year? Yes, feel free to be astounded, I might actually finish this one. There are a couple more chapters already written, but I am trying to stay a bit ahead so I don't have to leave you hanging. My life has been insane-more on that in my profile-but I might be in a situation where I can write again on Black Swan stuff. You have no idea how happy that makes me. These characters have remained very much alive in the back of my mind, and I know how this one ends. Here's hoping I can get us all there in a timely fashion. Thank you to everyone who has favorited and reviewed this story and Coda . I love you all. Later, Nina remembers the exact moment the drug—MDMA, something she's never heard of before—kicked in. Lily had bought them each a drink, waving off eager admirers at the bar, and Nina had sat back on a conveniently free sofa to sip it. She was surprised by the lack of alcohol taste, and drank perhaps faster than she should have. Lily had been sitting beside her, idly petting her hair, and had finished her own drink. Encouraging Nina to polish off the last sips of hers, Lily had gotten up to get a refill. Nina was left contemplating her hands. Suddenly they seemed the most miraculous contraptions on earth. All the delicate little connections of bone and muscle and tendon, a hundred tiny adjustments all the way up her forearms just for her to rub her thumbs against her fingertips. And weirdly, she could feel every ridge of her fingerprints, feel everything —the fabric of her clothing, the way her hair rests against her neck—more keenly than ever. When Lily sat down beside her, her skin looked so smooth and inviting that Nina couldn't help resting her cheek on Lily's shoulder and rubbing her face against her director's skin. It didn't seem like a freaky thing to do at the time, it seemed perfectly natural, though later she'd be frightened by it. As Nina rubbed against her like a friendly cat, Lily chuckled, \"Well, hello.\" Her voice, so husky and warm, made Nina tilt her face up, almost touching noses—almost kissing her. \"Looks like someone's rolling,\" Lily purred, stroking the curve of her jaw, and whispered, \"C'mon, it's time to go dance.\" Then they were on the dance floor, the beat of the music thundering in Nina's heart, echoing in her lungs, pulsing in her brain. She had no choice but to surrender herself to it, roll with it, swaying to the beat. Lily swayed with her, and after a while her hands were on Nina's shoulders, Nina's hips. Nina found she could touch Lily, too, embrace her even, dance cheek to cheek if she wanted—or turn and lean back in Lily's arms, Lily's body pressed to hers, Lily's hands roaming up and down her sides. From there things begin to skip. She remembers kissing Lily on the dance floor, tasting alcohol on her tongue. She remembers them both dancing with a couple of guys, then breaking away and coming back to each other. She remembers shivering as a single bead of sweat rolled down her spine, feeling every millimeter of its journey take a mile along her sensitized skin. She remembers getting more drinks, but how many more she has no idea. Nina remembers the way the lights in the club, multicolored and flashing, seemed to take her to another state of being, another frame of mind, in which it's okay to lick her lips and caress her own breasts as she stares sultrily at Lily. She remembers Lily kissing her neck, then biting, and it doesn't hurt, it feels amazing . She remembers going into the club's narrow, dingy bathroom, staring down her reflection as she washes her hands afterward, and the wild-eyed woman in the mirror can't be Nina. She's someone else, someone free, someone unpredictable. The black swan, spreading her wings at last. She goes back out to the dance floor and doesn't even bother to look for Lily, sidling up to the first attractive stranger and feeling like she could absolutely swim in the crowd. All of them are here for her, and she loves them in that moment. The skips grow further apart, just flashes now. Flinging her arms around Lily on the dance floor, just rocking back and forth in each other's embrace, and then on impulse turning to suck on Lily's earlobe, feeling her gasp. Later, dancing, sliding her hand up under Lily's skirt, just an inch or so to caress the skin above the stockings, seeing shock in her eyes and laughing at it. Then with her back to Lily, grinding her hips backward, Lily's hands on her breasts, knowing everyone in the club is watching her, wanting her, wanting to be her. And it's all hers. No one can take it away. Joyful, Nina loses herself in the lights and the music and the press of bodies. Much later, Nina flickers back to herself to find she's pushed up against a cold concrete wall. But she's not cold, her skin is burning, and that's probably because Lily is pressed tight against her. Lily's tongue in her mouth, both of them kissing frantically, forsaking air for passion. Nina's leg wrapped around Lily's hip, Lily's knee between her thighs, Nina's other leg between Lily's. Lily pinning one of Nina's hands against the wall, Lily's other hand on her hip, running her nails down the back of her thigh, and Nina's free hand buried in Lily's hair, pulling her close and closer still. But all of that is just background noise, because their bodies are practically glued together, and they're still dancing, still rocking to a quickening rhythm, and every thrust of Lily's hips is met with a swivel by Nina's. In perfect harmony, the heat between them grows, spurred on by the beat of the music that throbs through the concrete. Hungry and wild, Nina realizes that every time their mouths part for breath, she's giving out a wanton little cry. She's close to the peak right now, her panties soaked, and where Lily's grinding against her thigh she can feel that, incredibly, Lily's just as aroused. And then there's a momentary flash of light that distracts them both. Lily whips her head around and Nina blinks, startled. Both of them see a tall skinhead with facial tattoos grinning at them, holding the camera phone he evidently used to take their picture a second ago. \"Hell yeah, girls, don't stop for me. Just gimme a sec to figure out how to work the video.\" Lily steps away, her voice low and deadly. \"Give me that.\" Nina doesn't wait around to see what happens. An instant of sobriety occurs; what if that wound up on the internet and someone figured out who they were? What if the company saw—what if her mother saw? She flees.[Chapter 18] \"Give me that,\" Lily demands, and the skinhead just grins at her evilly. Two minutes ago she was so turned on she could barely believe it, and the abrupt shock of being photographed is transmuting that lust to rage. \"Come get it,\" he taunts, holding the phone high above his head. He's much taller, she'll never reach it, and she won't make a fool out of herself by jumping for it. Frustration boils over into anger. \"Give it to me right now, cocksucker,\" she growls, stalking toward him. \"Yeah, there's an idea, baby,\" he says, stepping back and holding the damn phone higher. \"You suck my cock and you can delete that picture. What's the matter, your little girlfriend got a big, mean husband somewhere?\" He has no idea who he's dealing with. There are very good reasons why no man should ever try to coerce Lily into anything sexual. Her eyes go dark with unrestrained fury, and she aims a savage scything kick at his knee. She's strong; she's lost none of the strength from her dancing days, it's only the inflexibility and instability of one lousy joint that keeps her off the stage. His knee gives, and he falls, landing heavily on the other knee. That brings the phone—a fancy touchscreen model—into Lily's range, and she snatches it. Even on his knees and in pain, the skinhead doesn't know when he's beaten. \"Hey, what the fuck! Give that back, bitch!\" he bellows, trying to get to his feet. \"You want it, asshole? Here you go.\" With that, Lily smashes him in the face, an inelegant roundhouse punch, and the phone's touchscreen shatters against his cheek. He squeals like an injured rabbit, and Lily hits him again … and again. His face is bleeding, there are bits of plastic scattered around, and Lily remembers before she hits him a fourth time that Nina ran off somewhere. Nina's more important than vengeance—but Lily keeps the blood-stained phone as she turns away to find her. She's not in the hallway, and Lily knows somehow that Nina has flat-out run away. At that moment, she wants to go back to the skinhead and ram the goddamn phone down his throat for interrupting them, but she has no time to waste if she wants to catch Nina. She heads for the door, and sees Nina on the street, looking for a cab. \"Nina!\" Lily yells, hanging on to the door frame. She makes herself laugh and sound light-hearted, even though her heart's pounding with the fear that she'll lose Nina for good over this. \"Where are you going?\" Nina turns with wide eyes and a lost expression. She's so delectably disheveled that even if there wasn't an angry skinhead in the club behind her, Lily would definitely follow her into a cab. \"I … I need to get home.\" \"Wait up, you need your coat,\" Lily insists, and only when Nina nods agreement does she duck back inside to grab both of their coats. And then she's hurrying down the steps as fast as she dares in heels, catching up to Nina and throwing the coat around her shoulders. She grabs Nina's hand and tugs her to the curb, waving down a cabbie. They both pile in, and Nina opens her mouth to give her home address. Lily gives hers instead, and Nina looks at her warily through the glaze of drugs and desire. \"Lily, I shouldn't… Mom's already called me like ten times.\" Instead of the flippant response she normally gives, Lily leans in close, her arm on the backrest behind Nina. Into her voice she puts all the warmth and hunger that dancing with Nina has called up in her. \"Listen, Nina, if you don't want to do this, then just say so. Nothing about your mom, I don't care what Erica wants, I want to know what you want. And if you can look me in the eye and tell me you don't want to go home with me, I'll get out and send the cab on to your place. All right? But you have to say it to my face.\" Then she waits, composed and serious, fully intending to be true to her word— if Nina can actually get the words out. Lily's as certain of her own irresistibility as she is of the sun rising tomorrow morning. Nina's breath is still quick, her pulse still leaping in her throat, and she glances away, then back. \"I … I don't … Lily, I…\" Her voice is breathy, and she closes her eyes in defeat, dropping her head back against Lily's arm. Her fraught expression makes her lovelier than ever; Nina is beautiful in her suffering. \"Shh,\" Lily murmurs, stroking her jaw softly. \"It's all right, Nina. Let me take care of you. I know you don't want to go back home just yet.\" Nina snuggles into the curve of her shoulder, hiding her face, and Lily pets and soothes her. Fortunately the cabbie is professional enough not to remark on it. Which reminds her, she has a phone to destroy. \"Slide over a second, sweetheart,\" Lily murmurs, and takes the phone of the coat pocket Nina was leaning against. \"You got his phone?\" Nina asks in astonishment. \"How?\" The badly-cracked screen is something Lily won't explain, not to Nina. \"I'm persuasive when I want to be,\" Lily replies, thinking the skinhead most likely won't try to press charges. That would mean admitting he got his ass handed to him by a girl half his weight, and besides, it's not like he knows who she is. A bit of fiddling lets her find the tiny data card where most people store their photos, and Lily removes it, snapping it in half. Then she rolls down the window and tosses the phone beneath the wheels of a passing truck. \"Hey, lady,\" the cabbie begins, and Lily cuts him off. \"It's not my phone. I just don't like random strangers trying to take upskirt photos of me. They deserve what they get.\" That gets a sympathetic chuckle. It's all true, just not precisely applicable to the current situation. Nina's back on her own side of the seat, watching Lily warily as if she doesn't quite believe her version of events. Personally, Lily feels lucky that the guy didn't come after her. He might've caught up with her, and that would've caused a scene. She's wiped the floor with men much bigger and stronger than she is, but she needs the element of surprise to do it. They're always so startled that someone so petite and pretty can be so unrelentingly vicious in a fight. The way the streetlights flicker through the cab as they move is having an effect on Nina. Her eyelids flutter and her features begin to relax as she slides deeper under the grip of the ecstasy. Lily watches her, and slowly starts walking her fingers across the space between them. She taps at Nina's thigh lightly, and the girl's dark brown eyes fix on hers. No expectation there, no demand, nothing but a passive receptivity. So Lily slides her hand between Nina's thighs, finding even her tights moist. Nina's eyes slip closed as she takes a shaky breath, her knees parting a little more. The cabbie's glancing in his mirror, and Lily smirks his way before devoting her full attention to Nina. Lily works her fingers slowly, rubbing against Nina through her clothes, and her hips arch hungrily toward Lily's hand. The expression on her face is a preview of things to come, her dark brows drawn together by lust and uncertainty. The fabric's thin enough that Lily can feel her perfectly, and she knows exactly where to place each leisurely stroke. She slides just a little lower, pressing just a little deeper. Then Nina gasps, her eyes flying open, and she catches Lily's hand, pulling it away. Nina looks over at her, and there's something complicated in her gaze now, somewhere between 'don't' and 'not now'. Lily just smiles as Nina laces their fingers together and holds her hand firmly on the seat of the cab. She looks away to hide how predatory her grin's becoming. With a little luck, by the end of the night she'll have everything she wants. ","Summary":" Author's note : Welcome, readers. This is a Black Swan alternate universe fic, so it needs a bit of"}]