[{"Movie":"Wicker Man","Title":"Not The Bees","Author":"Stupidfic","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5327981","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Buzz buzz buzz. The bees are everywhere. I don't like bees. Why are bees here? Buzz buzz buzz. The people here love the bees. They worship them like gods. What a bunch of lunatics. Buzz buzz buzz. Is everyone keeping secrets from me? They might be trying to kill me. The bees certainly are. Buzz buzz buzz. I am now becoming a sacrifice. The people set me on fire. Killing me won't bring back their honey. Buzz buzz buzz. ","Summary":" Buzz buzz buzz. The bees are everywhere. I don't like bees. Why are bees here? Buzz buzz buzz. The "},{"Movie":"Wicker Man","Title":"The Wicker Man","Author":"The-Real-Kevy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4284410","Passage":"[Chapter 1] THEnWICKER MAN It was a cold andndreary Tuesday afternoon during the exam season. The weather verynmuch reflected my downcast mood. I was trudging through the townncentre after my Modern Studies exam when post-exam paranoia kickedninto gear. Had I passed? Had I failed? Did I get question threencorrect? Why had I used the word \"moronic\" to describe TonynBlair? All these questions flooded through my head but not one answernwas to be found. Then, completely out of nowhere, I saw it. It wasnlike a beautiful siren calling to me through the mist of myndepression. It was a wicker hat from Top Shop. Suddenly, my bad moodnsubsided and the only subject that flowed through my mind was howncool I would look in that wicker hat. I swiftly grabbed it from anmannequin wearing bright red skinny jeans and a black cardigan beforenanyone else could get their grubby hands on it and paid the princelynsum of fifteen pounds at the shop counter for the privilege to wearnthis diamond in the rough. I walked out of the shop with a lighternmood and a substantially lighter pocket. As soon as I leftnthe shop, I excitedly tore off the price tag and thrust the hat uponnmy head. I strutted through the city high street that day feelingnextremely proud of myself. Well, I felt extremely proud of myself upnuntil the point when a homeless man selling 'Big Issues' pointed outnto me that I was wearing the hat backwards. Slightly embarrassed, Inre-adjusted the wondrous piece of wicker and walked on. As Inswaggered slightly, I noticed that people were staring at the top ofnmy head with what must have been sheer awe. Everyone clearly thoughtnthat my hat was the coolest thing to ever grace someone's head. I walked in throughnmy front door a few hours later, when my mother greeted me with thenever-pleasant phrase, \"What the hell are you wearing?\" \"My wicker hat.\"nI replied, thinking that this was quite obvious, unless you did notnhave eyes to see. Cue my mother goingnon an extremely lengthy rant about how she was sick of me wasting mynmoney, but I didn't allow it to dampen my spirits. I looked cool andnI knew it. This hat wasn't just an impulse buy. This hat was anninvestment. I was certain of that. However, despite mynawareness of the brilliance of my wicker hat, it seemed nobody elsencould appreciate it as much as I did. Every time I went near mynfriends wearing it, I was greeted with the disheartening sound ofnmocking laughter. The volume of the laughter only increased when Inwore the hat at a jaunty angle. Few claimed to like the hat, and I'mnfairly certain that the ones who said they did like it only said sonout of pity. The final straw camenwhen I was at a barbecue with friends at a local park. It felt likenthere was a heatwave brewing. The sun was going to be causing thentemperature to rise at an almost immeasurable rate any time soon. Itnwas the perfect day to be wearing a wicker hat. A number of strangenlooks were exchanged by people as they spoke to me and my hatnappeared to be the main topic of conversation throughout proceedings.nAllegations that I was \"some sort of hippy\" were slung around andnmy hat-wearing was not quite as enjoyable as it had once been. After the barbecue Inwalked home with an unrelenting feeling of self-consciousness. Inrealised that the people who had been staring at me more than likelynjust thought that I looked a bit silly. I once held my head high andnstood tall with my wicker hat. At that point in time however, Inlooked down at the ground, desperately hoping that no one would seenthe face being shaded by the ridiculous piece of woeful wicker. For anfew more days, I soldiered on, trying to get the most out of mynfifteen pounds, but eventually I just couldn't take it any more. Wicker wasnoriginally used in ancient Egypt for thatching roofs and weavingnbaskets. It probably wasn't thought of as a nifty fashion accessorynuntil a much later time. This was possibly the reason why no onencould understand the hat. The social perceptions that wicker has beennassociated with makes it hard to accept as a piece of clothing. That,nand it looked a bit girly. Now my wicker hatnlies dormant in my bedroom beside the parka I never bother to wearnand the guitar that I never got round to learning. On occasions, Instare longingly at the potential the hat had that will never benfulfilled. I live in hope that maybe one day the rest of the worldnwill catch up with my modern way of thinking and wicker hats shall benthe premier fashion item. It could happen. One day. ","Summary":" THEnWICKER MAN It was a cold andndreary Tuesday afternoon during the exam season. The weather veryn"},{"Movie":"Wicker Man","Title":"Nightmare Island","Author":"DeadLight63","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8850158","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N Imagine the two characters mentioned here as looking like: Cpt. Adam Mitchell - Liam Neeson Lt. James Morris - Russell Crowe Let me know if you think the story is interesting and if you would like me to continue. 1 Year after the events of \"The Wicker Man\"... Mitchell looked around the harbor, not sure what to think of the town in front of him. According to recent reports, Summersisle had been the sight of three different disappearances in the past two years, with one of them being a police officer named Edward Malus. No one had heard any word from them since they arrived on the island, which didn't sit well with Mitchell. He hadn't known Malus very well, since he had been in SWAT, but he knew that officers always reported what they found. Now that an official investigation had been ordered, him and his Lieutenant were accompanying two detectives in figuring out what was going on. After getting off the boat, he walked as far away from the water as he could. He never did like boats. Setting down his luggage, he closed his eyes and took in a deep breath of air. \"So, this is the infamous Summers Isle?\" He heard from behind. Turning behind him, he saw Morris with his rifle at his side, looking around the island. Morris was a good hearted man who followed orders, and only spoke when it was appropriate. He had two teenagers, one a boy and the other a girl, and one little girl. His suit was identical to his, aside from him wearing a blue tie instead of a red one. Their SWAT attire was inside of their suitcases, along with a week's worth of clothing for the investigation. Until it was discovered that something was going on, they were to maintain as low a profile as they could. Only the detectives were to formally announce their presence, and gather information. Mitchell nodded and looked around the island, seeing mostly untouched land aside from a few buildings in front of him. \"Unfortunately. I just want to get this case over with and get back home in time for my daughter's wedding.\" He said as he picked his luggage back up. His daughter was getting married to an engineer, which he though was a pretty good job. His wife had been working with her for months now getting the wedding ready. Meanwhile he and his two sons had been getting to the know the groom a little better. Behind him, the two detectives paid the boat driver and waved him farewell as he drove back to the mainland. Detective Jones was a middle aged man who was rather tall. He had short brown hair and was sporting a grey suit and a pair of sunglasses, along with a small suitcase. Detective Richards wore a similar suit, but had her black hair tied up in a ponytail, and was rather young for being a detective. Unlike her partner, she was not wearing sunglasses, exposing her green eyes. \"Alright, Detective Richards and I are going to find who runs this place and let them know that we're going to be leading an investigation.\" Jones said as he looked at Mitchell. Mitchell nodded and looked over at Morris, who game an agreeing nod. \"What about us?\" He asked. \"I was getting to that. You and Morris are to find the nearest motel on this island and book us some rooms. As the chief said we're going to be here for a while.\" Jones said as he walked ahead, giving a quick half salute to the Captain. Richards walked up to him and looked as though she would walk past him, but paused for a moment. She sighed and shook her head, looking at Mitchell. \"You two be careful alright?\" She said with a slight sense of concern in her voice. Mitchell just smiled and gave her shoulder a reassuring pat. \"You just worry about yourself and Jones, okay? Morris and I will be fine.\" He said. Richards nodded and walked forward slightly, then turned back to him. \"You've heard the reports. The last three people to come here never came back. So it can't hurt to be a little extra cautious.\" She said. Morris looked around a little longer, taking note of the numerous trees surrounding the town, then walked ahead. \"So what do you think? Three missing people on the same island sound like anything to you?\" Morris asked as he walked alongside him. Mitchell looked at him a moment, trying to figure out what was had made him ask that. He shrugged and looked forward again. \"My theory is that some crazy guy doesn't like non-locals, and kills them when no one's around.\" \"Why just non-locals? If he really was crazy, wouldn't he kill more people?\" Morris asked as they got to the first few buildings. Locals walked around the town, with most of them holding the hands of young children. \"Well like I said, it's just a theory at this point. Can't hurt to take a guess. Just keep your eyes open.\" Mitchell said as began to check out each building's exterior. Most of them were made from nothing but wood, making him believe that the town was a bit behind in terms of technology. He couldn't help but notice that a majority of the townspeople were women, and the men only seemed to be performing hard labor. The women were also staring at them with somewhat threatening gazes, or at least they were trying to make them threatening. Something didn't feel right about this island... ","Summary":" A/N Imagine the two characters mentioned here as looking like: Cpt. Adam Mitchell - Liam Neeson Lt."},{"Movie":"Wicker Man","Title":"Something More","Author":"moonbeamschild","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8160719","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Something More A songfic to Madonna's song \"Forbidden Love. \" George x Harry fanfiction I don't Don't care it it's not right To have your arms around me I want To feel what it's like Take all of you inside of me George Henderson lied in bed along side his wife. He could not slumber. Every thought that he had was filled with one man- or beast- even though he knew that it was horribly wrong. He turned over in his bed and picked up the sheets and glanced at his alarm clock \"3:00 AM\" it read mournfully. \"God darn it.\" He murmered angrily, and stared at the body of his sleeping wife. She was pretty, but, she was nothing compared to the vision that slept peacefully and innocently downstairs. George thought about his options for a minute. Should he give into temptation? He drew a picture of Harry in his mind and felt hard, but then he looked at his wife and didn't feel anything. Decision made. George carefully crept downstairs to where Harry lied. His sleeping form went up and down angelically as he breathed delicately. Just all of a sudden, Harry awoke. He had smelt George approching from a mile away. \"Harry! You noticed I arrived.\" Said flustered George, whom was blushing really red and looked really abashed. \"Unrghrurjghrjhghrg (Say no more)\" Harry whispered, his eyes narrowing, and his paws pawing for George's face. \"Harry…Harry, you know that I can't. I have a wife, and kids, and I can't ruin their life- I can't.\" George sobbed, and his tears mingled with the fur on Harry's hands. \". (None of that matters now, baby. All that matter is us, here and now, right now\" Harry whispered, tracing George's slender jaw with his meaty hand. \"No. No. I can't do this. I don't love you.\" George moaned, tearing himself out of harry's grip. \"Arghruhghrhg. Akdkirrughrugh urrughrugh thrkruf. (You lie. I saw the pictures you drew of me.) Harry whispered, and with that, he thrust his lips upon George's. In your eyes Forbidden love In your smile Forbidden love In your kiss Forbidden love If i had one wish love would feel like this George moaned with pleasure. He had never had a love that ever really felt like that before. He was drowning in bliss, and sipping from the sweet cup of heavenly pleasure. Harry's hands explored the terrain of George's body, and wandered southward. George knew that it was wrong, but, he didn't want to be right. \"Harry….Harry….Harry….\" George groaned, and Harry whispered seductively; \"Grughrhghgbhrughghg. (Screw your family. Screw all of them. Screw me like you're an animal and let's run away to the woods together and have sex a lot).\" \"With Pleasure.\" George replied comically. I know That you're no good for me That's why i feel i must confess What's wrong Is why it feels so right I want to feel your sweet caress All of a sudden, the lights came on in the dark room, and 3 other people walked in with there eyes boiling with rage. \"Honey, what are you doing, my dear?\" said Mrs. Nancy Henderson in shock. \"What the blazes is going on here?\" \"Dad omg its totally not cool that you're doing this, I'm so mad, he like totally ate my corsage, OMG!\" Sarah cried. \"Dad!\" \"Dad I'm so mad Im gonna get my beebee gun, daddy why are you doing this\" said little tiny Ernie, tears storming down his little cheeks. \"And Honey, why are you listening to Madonna in the background while your nailing bigfoot\" said Nancy matteroffactly, but she was also really upset. \"Why would you do this to us, you've torn our whole family apart!\" \"dad why are your hands all wet\" said Ernie. \"I know whats going on here. Its as clear as the Bigfoot Juice all over Dad's face.\" Snarled Sarah sarcasticly. \"hes cheating on you.\" George cried, he had nothing to say in defense of himself. Suddenly, he rubbed his face clean of the tears, and said \"I am going to go live with Harry in the woods. I love him. I'm sorry to hurt you all. This was a mistake. Harry is the man for me.\" Sarah and Ernie cried, but Nancy said \"I understand that this is the quest that the journey of life has made you traverse upon. Go forward and find true love. Goodbye George, I'll miss you, but, I can always get together with that woman next door with the Chihuahua.\" George and Nancy hugged platonically, and he waved goodbye to his kids. There were no tears now. Harry smiled at George. \"Glurghaurghhrughrhghgh. (I'm glad this all worked out. Now lets go.\" George hopped on Harry's back, and Harry and he ran off to the woods together as one. THE END ","Summary":" Something More A songfic to Madonna's song \"Forbidden Love. \" George x Harry fanfiction I don't D"},{"Movie":"Wicker Man","Title":"Kaddish","Author":"kishiria","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3465572","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"You come fromnSUMMERISLE?\" Vanessa's hazel eyes grew wide with admiration. Rivka McTavish, whosenbirth records gave her first name as Bramble, put her hand over herneyes, wishing Brienna hadn't brought that up. \"Yes, I'm fromnSummerisle.\" She waited for the inevitable next set of questions,nneo-pagan variety. She'd startedncategorizing the questions in her first year after going to thenmainland for university. She'd come to Canada for grad school,nhoping to get away from it all, but no matter what, the Summerislencame back to haunt her. Vanessa wore hernneo-paganism on the sleeve of her Peruvian sweater. A pair of greennmilitary cargo pants, knit boots, and pentagram around her neckncompleted the ensemble. She'd have different questions from thenArmchair Anthropologists or the Outraged Christians. Rivka knew whatnthey were and wondered if she should even try answering. She and Brienna hadnbeen sitting in the Womens' Union when Vanessa had entered. Andiscussion of the upcoming winter holidays had led to the subject ofnreligion. Vanessa had mentioned Yule and traditional Britishncustoms—and Brienna had to mention Rivka's hometown. \"That is SO COOL!\"nVanessa said. \"You should come to my place sometime for circle! nWe're totally into the old ways, you could teach us a lot sincenSummerisle's the last place that evaded the Christians wiping outnthe pagans! It must be so great there, I hear you don't havenelectricity or cars, you live close to nature—\" \"Not any more,\"nRivka said glumly. \"We still don't have cars, but we've gotnelectricity now, and Internet and everything. What's more, onlynold people practice heathen customs now. My mum grew up doing nudendances around a 'sacred fire' to bring on parthenogenesis. Whatnrot! Who could believe it?\" Vanessa gaped. n\"But...it's so ancient.\" \"No it's not. AnVictorian-era Lord Summerisle reconstructed it as a social experimentnwith his peasants. It worked for a while, in isolation. It's notnancient at all, and that's why I'm a Jew now. It did lead to anlovely community I grant you, but that was dying out by the time Inwas 12.\" \"Dying out? Whatnhappened?\" \"You hippiesnhappened. Excuse me.\" She grabbed her parka, threw it on over hernsweater and long skirt (both good Highland wool) and walked out ontonthe concourse around the second floor of the Student Society. Snow was falling likenpuffy feathers from a dull grey sky as Rivka stepped out onto thensidewalk. It clung like a pelt to the aged granite walls of McGillnUniversity. The swags of artificial pine around the streetlampnpoles, still up in January, echoed truly ancient winter tradition. They didn't celebratenYule on Summerisle. They never had, that was a German custom, notnBritish. These days most people enjoyed a nonsectarian Christmas,nand that was one of the reasons she'd had to get away. All she didnwas light her candles for Hanukkah, refusing to give gifts or apenwhat the quasi-Christian monoculture did. \"Weren't you kindnof hard on Vanessa?\" Brienna asked as they walked across thencommons. \"She has no idea whatnposeurs like her did to Summerisle.\" \"Does this have to donwith that cop who disappeared?\" Rivka stopped andnpeered at her. \"You heard about that?\" \"It made papers herenin Canada because so many of us have Scottish relatives. It was allnso strange; Edinburgh cop disappears while on an investigation andnthe people who come to follow up on him find a colony of pagans.\" Rivka started walkingnagain. The heel of her right boot was leaking. \"Do they know whatnhappened to him?\" Rivka nodded. \"He'dncome to the island ranting about Rowan Morrison, saying she'd beennkidnapped. Well she hadn't; she was on the island all the time. nLast my Aunt Willow saw, he was reeling on the cliffs by the sea, sonI daresay he fell off. He didn't like our religion much, andnprobably came out just to cause a fuss over it. Even the cop shop innEdinburgh said he wasn't known as the sanest officer around. \"Anyway, that was thenbeginning of the end. The crops failed for the second time thatnyear, so Lord Summerisle started allowing in tourists. Sure, itnbrought in enough money to support the island, but...\" \"But what?\" Briennanasked? They turned down theirnstreet. \"The hippies kind of had their own ideas of what thenreligion on Summerisle should be. First they wanted electricity andnindoor plumbing, so we had to bring in that. That's okay, I likenthe indoor plumbing. But the feminists weren't too happy with whatnthey saw.\" \"The feminists?\" Rivka opened the frontndoor of their ground-floor apartment. \"The religion on Summerislenwas very open about sex. The feminists saw it as women being ancommodity with their reproductive powers over-emphasized. I must saynI kind of agree with them. Biology is not destiny.\" She wentninside and hung her coat and scarf on the coatrack inside theirnmauve-painted vestibule. On pulling off her right boot, she foundnher sock soaked through. \"Anyway, between thenelectricity, then the telly, then the internet, by the time I was 15nSummerisle was pretty much done being agricultural. They still donthe processions with the hobbyhorse and the man/woman and all, butnit's not the same when we don't need the apples.\" She walked upstairs tonher room, stopping to kiss her fingers and touch the mezzuzah beforenentering. Rivka sat down on the bed to pull off her socks, swattingnat her wet sole to dry it before reaching for another pair. Everynyear this happened. No matter who resoled her boots in late summer,nin January they started to leak. The cycle of the year assertednitself in ways unique to every person, all right. She put on the drynsocks and some slippers. The talk about Summerisle had distressednher more than she'd thought it would. She'd been born after thenheyday of Summerisle paganism, as the mainlanders were coming in andnmodern conveniences were taking over. Her aunt Willow and uncle Oaknhad put in the first refrigerator on the island, deciding that itnwould be the best thing for the \"Green Man\". During the change,nBramble McTavish had grown up knowing that being able to have babiesnwas power, that it was the same power that made the plants grow andnthat this showed her connection to the earth and nature. She lookednforward to the harvest festivals and she loved the March hares. She'd heard aboutnwhat things were like before what people just called the \"Sgt Howienaccident\". The feminists had stomped down on the Maypole and thenoutdoor sex, that was for sure. Aunt Willow had apparently beennreduced to tears by a number of them who verbally attacked her,ntelling her she was alternatively a victim and an accomplice in malensexual domination. She'd gone on to marry Oak in the face of anboycott, and while their marriage was happy enough (Oak wasn't onlyncalled that for his height and girth, Willow had giggled to hernonce), the suggestion of the marriage being compulsory had taken awaynmuch of her aunt's famous lusty glow. The hippies had donenother things too, like insisting on knowing the names of the gods. nLord Summerisle had opposed that strongly, out of faith refusing tonbend to such pressure. The gods didn't need names to him; they were the ocean, the earth, the sun and the moon. He'd diednin 1983, some said of a broken heart, and the rituals he once lednwere dedicated now to Isis, Astarte, Demeter, and other goddessesnwhose presences had never graced the island. Bramble had come to thenmainland and become Rivka. She'd chosen Judaism because whilenCatholicism had a rich pantheon, a cluster of protective spirits andna strong belief in sacrifice, its whole hairshirt-and-guilt thingnoffended her to the core. Judaism had a cycle of the earth'snfertility, even if it was tied to the seasons in Israel, and constantnrituals in the home, not necessarily connected to anything dominatednby temple or clergy. She couldn't faultnthe hippies for wanting what the Summerislanders had. It had been anbeautiful, if short-lived tradition. There had been joyful ritualsnthat involved everyone in the community, old songs in the pub thatneveryone knew and a feeling of interconnectedness that she'd nevernseen anywhere else. It wasn't as if shenwas above appropriating someone else's culture, either. She'dndone that quite handily with her Judaism. The difference, though,nwas that Judaism really did have the deep roots the hippies hadnthought they'd seen on Summerisle. Furthermore, it wasn't ansmall community to be disrupted by others' envy. Rivka often wished shencould go back to Summerisle the way it had been when she'd beennvery little, but that world had ended with the life of thatnpoliceman. Chains of events could lead to strange conclusions. nStill, the circle of life turned, and just as Ostara led to Beltainenwhich led to Lammas and so on, the leaves would still turn orange innthe autumn and her boots would leak to herald the coming of spring. ","Summary":" \"You come fromnSUMMERISLE?\" Vanessa's hazel eyes grew wide with admiration. Rivka McTavish, whose"},{"Movie":"Wicker Man","Title":"A Single Rose","Author":"Screaming Ferret","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2853491","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I felt that the time was right for another Wicker Man fanfic. It is short and (I hope) sweet, and may have spawned an idea for another. After all, one can never have too much of a good thing. Disclaimer: Miss Rose, Lord Summerisle and the setting all belong to Anthony Schaffer and Robin Hardy. No copyright infringement is intended. A Single Rose ","Summary":" A/N: I felt that the time was right for another Wicker Man fanfic. It is short and (I hope) sweet, "},{"Movie":"Wicker Man","Title":"The Wicker Man: Justicia Divina","Author":"Janus366","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10230894","Passage":"[Chapter 1] El ritual finalizó finalmente tras la puesta del sol. El sacrificio al dios del sol y a la diose de la tierra había sido un éxito, y donde alguna vez había estado el hombre de mimbre con el Sargento Neil Howie y los animales dispuestos para la ocasión, tan sólo quedaba un montón de cenizas todavía humeantes. Los habitantes de la isla de Summerisle habían dejada de tocar, cantar y bailar. Había un ambiente de júbilo entre ellos incluido Lord Summerisle: con el sacrificio hecho, de seguro que la cosecha de manzanas de ese año sería abundante y fructífera. Tan sólo quedaba asegurarse de cubrir el rastro de Howie para que así nadie de tierra firme sospechara de ellos. Ya lo tenían todo planeado: el Sargento Howie nunca alcanzó a llegar a la isla, el pobre habría sufrido una falla mecánico en su avioneta y esta se habría estrellado en el mar en un lamentable accidente. Lord Summerisle alzó la voz, anunciando las buenas esperanzas que tenía para la cosecha de ese año, de la cual estaba seguro de que esta vez sí sería exitosa. Además, se dedicó a proclamar la superioridad de los dioses antiguos que cuidaban de la isla, dando como ejemplo al mismo Hoiwe. El cual su dios, el dios cristiano, no había hecho nada para salvarlo o protegerlo de alguna forma de aquel cruel destino en el interior del hombre de mimbre en llamas. Empezaba ya a oscurecer y todos se preparaban para regresar al pueblo y a sus casas. Pero de manera extraña, el cielo comenzó a nublarse. Era extraño porque se suponía que aquel día primero de mayo estaba pronosticado buen tiempo. Nadie le tomó importancia de primer momento, pero con el paso del tiempo, el cielo comenzó cada vez a cubrirse de nubes negras hasta que comenzó levemente a llovizna y a soplar fuertemente el viento. \"¡Apresurémonos todos!\" Anunció Lord Summerisle. \"¡Parece que se viene una tormenta!\" Pero la cosa no terminó ahí. El clima empezó a empeorar cada vez más, el viento soplaba con cada vez más fuerte, la leve llovizna comenzaba rápidamente a convertirse en un aguacero y el cielo terminó de cubrirse en tinieblas. Finalmente, rayos y truenos inundaron el ambiente también. A la vez, el viento ahora se había vuelto huracanado hasta el punto que ahora a la gente le costaba poder desplazarse, además de estar completamente empapados por la lluvia. \"¡¿Qué está sucediendo!?\" Exclamó Willow, la hija del posadero. \"¡Se suponía que hoy habría buen tiempo!\" Al igual que ella, los demás empezaban a preocuparse y muchos comenzaron a sentir miedo. De inmediato el aire cercano se llenó de rezos y plegarias a los dioses antiguos que resonaban junto al silbido del viento, especialmente a los dioses de la lluvia y el clima para que los protegieran. \"¡Esto debe ser obra del policía!\" Exclamó finalmente alguien \"¡Ha debido de encontrarse con su dios y le habrá dicho que lo vengase!\" Eso era imposible, pensaba Lord Summerisle. Toda esa patraña de los dioses antiguos había sido invento de su abuelo para poder controlar mejor a los habitantes de la isla, al igual que la religión en general a lo largo de la historia. Decir que el dios de Howie había arrojado aquella tormenta contra ellos para castigarlos era igual de estúpido que creer que sus manzanas volverían a crecer con un sacrificio humano a sus dioses. El sacrificio había sido sólo una idea para poder subirles la moral a los habitantes de Summerisle y darles esperanzas de que la siguiente cosecha volvería a ser buena. Ya que sabía muy bien que las manzanas crecían bien en aquella isla de manera extraordinaria a pesar del clima local gracias a las corrientes templadas del golfo que rodeaba la isla, la combinación única de suelo volcánico que tenía y el cultivo de un tipo de manzana que su abuelo había creado adaptada al clima de la zona. Pero como el clima seguía aún empeorando, el miedo comenzó a inundar su corazón al igual que el resto ¿Y qué sucedía si a lo mejor estaba él equivocado? ¿Qué a lo mejor si existía un dios y aquel dios era el dios cristiano, el cual había proclamado tanto el Sargento Howie durante su visita a la isla y especialmente en el momento previo a su muerte? ¿Y que ahora ese mismo dios estaba enojado con ellos por el asesinato de su servidor y deseaba en ese instante repartir justicia contra ellos? Antes de que pudiese seguir cavilando estas interrogantes, de súbito el suelo comenzó a temblar. La gente entró en pánico y comenzó a correr de manera descontrolada. Pero el suelo temblaba tanto que muchos caían al suelo y apenas podían continuar avanzando, entre ellos, el propio Summerisle. \"¡Lord Summerisle, mire! ¡El mar!\" Gritó un hombre pasado varios minutos del fin del temblor, señalando al mar que había detrás de las cenizas del hombre de mimbre. Lord Summerisle tornó la vista hacia donde el indicaba, y aterrorizado, vio como una gigantesca ola se acercaba a la costa. Los demás al darse cuenta empezaron a correr gritando aterrorizados hacia el interior. Pero él sabía que no serviría de nada: la ola que se avecinaba era demasiado grande, y sin importar cuánto corriesen, los alcanzaría a todos. Entonces Lord Summerisle se resignó a su destino. Ahora se daba cuenta que había cometido un terrible error y que debió de haber escuchado al Sargento Neil Howie cuando él les había suplicada de que desistiesen y que detuvieran el sacrificio. Ahora era demasiado tarde para él y para todos los habitantes de Summerisle, ya que ahora todos y cada uno de ellos pagarían por su crimen, por el pecado que habían realizado. Al final, era Howie, el virgen tonto, el que reía último de lo tontos que habían sido ellos mientras la pared de agua los envolvía y consumía a su paso. Era hora de que Summerisle rindiese cuentas ante el dios de Howie. \" 1975, Mayo. Han pasado casi dos años de la lamentable tragedia ocurrida el 1 de Mayo de 1973 en la isla de Summerisle ubicada en la costa oeste de Escocia. En donde de manera inesperada, se desató la mayor tormenta registrada en la zona en décadas, sumado a un sismo de gran magnitud que causó que grandes olas arrasaran con la isla y buena parte del interior. El saldo de fallecidos fue enorme, especialmente porque según testimonios de algunos supervivientes, durante el anochecer en que aconteció el sismo, una buena parte del pueblo se encontraba celebrando el Festival de Mayo local cerca del mar, cuando una ola de grandes proporciones los envolvió y se los llevó. No se registraron supervivientes entre los presentes de aquel festival, incluido el señor de la isla Lord Summerisle. El pueblo de Summerisle también sufrió incontables daños materiales y de pérdidas humanas debido a los daños provocados por el sismo. Debido a aquel desastre natural de grandes proporciones, la mayor parte de la cosecha de manzanas de ese año se perdió y una gran cantidad de manzanos se perdieron. Lo que ha causado grandes dificultades económicas para los habitantes de aquella isla, los cuales tuvieron que recibir ayuda humanitaria de tierra firme. Para colmo del sufrimiento de los pobres habitantes de Summerisle, la cosecha del año pasado ha sido igual de desafortunada para ellos debido, además de los daños provocados el año anterior, a razones hasta el momento aún no comprendidas del todo. Según personal científico que ha ido a la isla a investigar el asunto, teorizan que la mala cosecha del año pasado se debió a un cambio en las corrientes templadas que suelen rodear el golfo de la isla causado por el sismo de hace dos años y a la erosión del suelo volcánico rico en nutrientes provocado cuando el mar arrasó la zona. Lo que ha provocado que muchos de sus antiguos residentes, presionado por las dificultades económicas, hayan empezado a abandonar la isla en dirección a tierra firme. Hasta el momento aún hay residentes que existen en quedarse en sus antiguos hogares, pero se cree que en poco tiempo más, Summerisle se convertirá una isla fantasma. Muchos de ustedes recordarán también la desaparición del Sargento de la Policía de West Highland Neil Howie. El cual había viajado a la isla para investigar la desaparición de una niña de nombre Rowan Morrison. Al parecer, Neil Howie habría recibido una carta anónima de parte de la madre de la niña pidiéndole que investigara el asunto en la isla. Debido a que se encontraron los restos de la avioneta de la policía que utilizó el Sargento Howie para llegar a la isla y que varios testigos confirman haberlo visto investigando en ella, la policía de West Highland cree que falleció junto con las demás víctimas del desastre ocurrido el anochecer del 1 de Mayo. Su cuerpo, al igual que el de muchas de las demás víctimas, no se ha podido encontrar hasta el día de hoy. Neil Howie es recordado con sumo cariño por su familia, sus amigos y su prometida con la cual planeaba casarse, especialmente por sus profundos valores y creencias cristianos que profesaba. Siendo un importante miembro y participante de la iglesia local de West Highland. Sus integrantes, así como los amigos del Sargento Howie, han enviado sus condolencias tanto a su familia como a la de los habitantes de Summerisle, en las cuales desean que tanto él como las demás víctimas del desastre, puedan descansar en paz.\" ","Summary":" El ritual finalizó finalmente tras la puesta del sol. El sacrificio al dios del sol y a la diose de"},{"Movie":"Wicker Man","Title":"The Wicker King","Author":"Screaming Ferret","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1802072","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: The characters and the island of Summerisle itself are thencreations of Anthony Shaffer and Robin Hardy. I do not pretend to have madenany money from this whatsoever. The author would also like to thank the late Lord Summerisle and the peoplenof his island for their assistance in compiling this strange account. The Wicker King \"Animals are fine, but their acceptability is limited. A small child isneven better, but not nearly as effective as the right kind of adult.\"n-Lord Summerisle. To the people of Summerisle, conditioned to believe that the gift of thenWilling Fool would encourage the gods to bring forth bounty in theirnshrivelled orchards, the subsequent crop failure felt something like anbetrayal. Perhaps that Fool, seated at the feet of his Lord, was able tonfeel a small spark of vindication at their expense, perhaps not.nNevertheless, the seasons turned and Time continued his inexorable marchntowards that point when the blossoms once again hung heavy and promising onnthe bough. It is near sunset, and only the seagulls and the hares bear witness to thatnancient and sacred rite once again played out on their clouded hills. Therenare no outsiders this time, no one to intervene, and no one to screamnblasphemies against the wild gods of this land. After all, the villagersnconsidered, perhaps it was Sergeant Howie's alien faith that wasnunacceptable to the gods, and thus resulted in the failure of the harvest.nOnly a son of Summerisle itself could set things right again. A solemn procession crowns the hilltop for a moment, before wending itsnstately way into the sacred hollow. The King of Summerisle leads the way,nas always. Perhaps if the seagulls and hares were capable of thought andnreason, they would have remarked upon some unusual differences in thisnmarch, as compared to all those that have taken place in springtimes past.nThe ritual is not the same as before. The King of Summerisle is robed in flowing white, and he sits upon a snow-nwhite mare, barely two years old and unmounted by any stallion. She isnrestless with the unaccustomed weight on her back, and the mighty Oak holdsnher head and calms her with soothing words. There is no man-horse today;nthe King and his mount combine the qualities of both. Punch is alsonconspicuous by his absence. Superstitious village elders now consider hisninclusion to be unlucky. Only Macgregor misses his opportunity to chase thengirls. There is no man-beast, no Punch, and no mysterious man-woman, but somenelements remain the same. For a brief moment as the procession comes overnthe horizon, it seems as if the hilltop is crowned with antlers. The animalnspirits are very much in attendance today. Reaching the sacred ground on the rise, the procession comes to a halt. Thenskirl of bagpipes mingles with the discordant wailing of the gulls uponnwhose cliff the faithful are stood. The King dismounts. He is tall, and thenpony-sized mare seems to be glad to be rid of him. He strokes her longnwhite neck once, in thanks, and steps away. The mare raises her head, earsnpricked and nostrils flared. Perhaps she senses the anticipation in thenair, perhaps her senses forewarn her, but she cannot act upon them. Oaknholds her head as the six swordsmen come closer. The eldest approaches mannand horse. The mare reaches out and nuzzles his hand for treats, and henhalts by her head. Oak takes that head in his huge hands, and the men'sneyes meet over her arched and trembling neck. It is quickly done. The swordsman holds his blade under the mare's softnthroat. With one swift cut and she is loose, blood spraying in bright arcsnfrom her severed jugular, head high in fear, eyes wild, white coat stainednred. Her legs suddenly cannot support her weight, her forelegs give way andnshe is down on her knees on the heather, crimson still gushing from hernthroat. She cannot breathe, she cannot cry out, and now she collapses onnher side, hind legs lashing out in her death throes as her life drains awayninto the receiving earth. The assembled stand silently by as the lightnfades from her brown eyes. The mare's blood has marked this ground, cleaned the policeman's taint fromnit, and made it sacred again. This sacrifice complete, it is time now fornthe next, and greatest, of rites. Had an outside observer witnessed this, the sight of the mare thrashing onnher side as her blood stained the ground would no doubt have filled himnwith horror, had not his attention been seized and forcibly held by thensight of another most silent spectator, that awakens ancient, almostnforgotten terrors in the hearts of most. When Caesar came to Britain, he described the religious customs of thennative Celtic peoples in some detail. Perhaps he exaggerated somewhat fornthe benefit of his fellow Romans, and painted a more gruesome and bloodynpicture than was strictly true, as scholars believe. But regardless of whatnthe scholars believe, the Wicker Man rises gigantic here on this greennhill, full of mute promise and wrath. The King is dressed in white. No harsh ropes bind his hands, and his darkneyes are faraway, as if he sees things that the others, the lesser folknaround him, cannot. The King is a very different creature indeed from thenChristian Fool that went before him. The King possesses understanding andnacts accordingly, whereas the Fool can merely react. And the King isnsilent, where the Fool screamed and cursed in fear. The King understands,nthat is his gift. The congregation remove their bestial masks. No longer birds, beasts andnfish, they are men. Farmers, shopkeepers, fishermen and doctors. The womennsurround the King, touching his robe for luck, kissing his cheek. Thensultry Willow smiles, and the smile is returned. Standing over all, thenWicker Man waits. The gulls are skreeing high in the red-tainted sky, the hare bounds offnacross the heather. It is time. The King is not bound, his feet carry him willingly towards the titanicneffigy, and he sets one bare foot on the lowest rung of the crude woodennladder. There is nobility in giving one's life so that one's people may live. ThenKing understands this, but would the grandsire, with all his Victoriannpragmatism have torn down the altars and banished the ministers if he couldnhave foreseen his own posthumous blood sacrifice? The King climbs the ladder slowly. The fretful wind whips his robe aroundnhis legs. It is springtime and the evenings are cold. His hands feel thensplinters and knots in the rough wood as he ascends, and stalwart Oaknfollows. While the folk of Summerisle hold their King in great esteem, theynare people of a practical nature and fully realise that even the great LordnSummerisle himself cannot be trusted not to attempt a panicked escape oncenthe flames are licking high. The sturdy cage door is shut and locked. Oak descends. The King braces hisnhands against the rough wooden bars and looks towards the west, at thendying sun, the last sunset he will see as a man. His people are below himnin a wide semi-circle, men, women and children. In this most sacred rite,nnot even the youngest are excluded. There are smiles and laughter. Andrummer, who beats out the slow rhythm on his deep-voiced drum, joins thenlone bagpiper. The King's heartbeat drums too, faster, hammering againstnhis ribs. He tastes fear, sour under his tongue. He looks down upon hisnpeople and sees Oak carrying forward a torch, the flame guttering in thenbrisk breeze. The big man tilts his head back, looking up to catch sight ofnhis lord. Their eyes meet. Even imprisoned, the King's will is strong, andnOak acknowledges his master's superiority with a low bow. Then he casts thentorch into the faggots at the base of the Wicker Man's tree-trunk legs. The fire climbs swiftly, the scent of wood smoke and burning tar fill hisnnostrils before the smoke begins to choke his lungs and cloud his senses.nBelow his lofty cage, the bright faces of the faithful are lifted to thenmagnificent sight of the Wicker Man, ablaze in all its terrible glory. Over the roaring of the hungry flames, he cannot hear their voices raisednin joyful song, and he can no longer see them through the smoke. He knowsnthe words, though, and his lips move silently as his hands clench thenwicker bars of his prison. The sacrificial fire rises higher, beautiful in its rage, and it seizes thenheart of the Wicker Man, swallowing him whole. He cries out once, not innrage or pain, but in gladness, then he is gone. The great wickerwork head slowly sinks onto the burning shoulders, thenntears loose and crashes to the blackened and scarred ground. The seagullsnshriek, the sun is setting and Sumer Is A-Cumen In. The harvest shall notnfail again; they know this to be true. Their King has told them so. Butnshould the Countenance Divine turn its face from this land, what then? Fornthe King of Summerisle, it matters not. He is a seagull now, and he has anlovely time. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: The characters and the island of Summerisle itself are thencreations of Anthony Shaffer"},{"Movie":"Wicker Man","Title":"Return of the Wickerman","Author":"FlowerofAdversity","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3143860","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Note: Seeing as there were many things left unsolved, the new police officer (Cadet George Winningham), lured into SummersIsle by the alluring Sister Honey, discovers what is really going on and stops the madness while nearly losing his life. Chapter 1—Welcome to SummersIsle At first, Cadet George Winningham thought he was going to be enjoying a night of passion with an extremely ravishing Sister Honey, who was going under a different name; Thorne. Instead of getting the night of passion he would've wanted, she took him on a flight to SummersIsle. SummersIsle, which had barely if any contact with the outside world had strange customs and two festivals the people partipated in. He didn't know anything of the festivals yet, but he had heard of what had happened here and was beginning to become concerned. He tried getting his fellow officers wanting to get any information on Edward Malus and what had happened to him. He had a feeling that Thorne wasn't who she said she was. As he began asking questions, he only found himself more and more confused. The island was lead by a matriarchy and a rather Aryian way of looking at procreation and humanity, if it could be called that. George was mortified but his terror was about to increase. He had already spent one night in SummersIsle and he woke up to two blind sisters speaking of the Wickerman and his \"prophasied\" return. He hadn't slept well that night. He had strange images of a man being burned alive in some kind of terrible human sacrifice. The man that he saw resembled a contemporary he had grown to admire, Edward Malus. He awakened once that night, screaming at the top of his lungs, sweat covering his entire body. He didn't feel comfortable here and he knew he had to find answers, even if it meant potentially losing his life in the process. Chapter 2—Peculiarities Still trying to get a cell phone signal to reach his fellow officers, George still had no luck whatsoever. He had been getting frustrated with his only connection to the outside world but he had a feeling that SummersIsle wasn't totally set apart from the rest of the world. He had seen they had store bought honey in the tavern, so they couldn't have gotten all their honey from the bees they had. After all he had heard that in recent years their honey crop hadn't been so good. George was naturally curious and started getting answers for himself. These people, he surmised, were probably the remnants of settlers that came to the land a long time ago and had some trade with mainlanders. Of course, he wasn't sure what other connections SummersIsle had with the \"mainlanders\", but the practices here were all very unnerving to him. It was fortunate for him to not be allergic to anything, in particular the many bees that were around the area. He did some detective work everywhere and came upon the realization that his contemporary, Sargeant Malus had indeed been there. No one had told him anything, and his intuition led him to the evidence and the details he had been looking for. He came across a negative in Sister SummersIsle's house that was of the sacred death and rebirth festival. He was shocked at what he had found, beside the male fetuses that he had almost stumbled upon. He wasn't sure what they were being used for, but they might be part of the twisted sacrificial death and rebirth ritual or worse, for some sort of scientific study. The photo he had found was of Edward inside a giant man crafted from wicker. So that's what the blind twins had meant by the \"return of the wickerman\". He shivered. He had to head out of SummersIsle's house before she returned. He wasn't sure if he was being watched, but it felt as if someone was breathing down his neck when no one had been there. It was obvious being on the island was making him horribly paranoid. Chapter 3—Connection He desperately wanted to leave the island. Too many supernatural events were happening and it was more difficult to get a good night's sleep. The girl who had lured him to the island earlier had continued begging him to \"take her home\" with him. She didn't trust her or anyone he had met. He couldn't believe anything he had heard, but he had plenty of evidence these people were murderers, pagan or not. A lot of the people seemed to be gathering for some reason or another, but George had gathered his evidence so stealthily no one had noticed. He still couldn't get a signal with his telephone to call the police department but once he had gone into the apiary, he found a powerful signal and relayed the police department. Suddenly, he felt a sharp pain to the back of his head. He fell to the ground with a loud thud. When he turned around, he could see the blurry image of a woman in a bee mask with a rather large shelalie clasped in her right hand. Her hands were gloved and she was reaching down towards him. Fortunately, he had been able to make the call to his fellow police officers and they were coming in to rescue him. Chapter 4—Near Death Experience It seemed that the death and rebirth ritual only needed one occasion for it to be entirely complete. There was one requirement. A man had to be burned alive to appease the mother goddess. Whatever the cause, it was murder and George was aware of that. All this time Honey, or Thorne or whatever the hell her name was had been leading him on only to lead him to be the \"Wickerman\". He was certain that she had been the one that had knocked him out was Honey. He winced in pain from having his leg broken and being hoisted up to the head of the Wickerman itself. Why had he been chosen to be the \"lucky\" recipient of this sacred festival ? Had it been because of the truth he had uncovered and the conspiracy these pagans were taking part in ? Perhaps. He would never know and he probably would never live to see another day. The girl that his fellow officer friend had been sent to save only a month earlier had been the one to set the whole Wickerman ablaze. Little Rowan thought nothing of her duty, only that she was too glad to do it. George hung his head. If his leg hadn't have been broken he could've possibly climbed down, but it was no use. He was helpless and vulnerable. He was a lamb, awaiting death at the hands of a cruel butcher. It was all over now. Before the flames and smoke reached him, a helicopter came down from above. As promised, the backup unit had come in. The call had worked wonderfully. He suffered some minor burns and his leg would have to be put in a cast, but he had escaped death. The only thing he was worried about now was convicting these people. What would happen to the town after these people were put behind bars ? The whole notion didn't feel right to George Winningham, but he knew the spirit of Edward Malus would finally be able to rest in peace. Epilogue There was a hearing when all had been said and done. Not much evidence other than the negative George had found. It was substantial evidence enough, though it had been difficult convincing the jury their peers had done anything wrong. The men in the jury were acting the same as they had on the island. They were mere drones, pawns in the hands of the matriarchy. Subsurvient slaves to act upon their mistress' whims. It disgusted George, who was a feminist, and he thought, \"Even the staunchest feminazi might find this disturbing because no just human being would condone this abysmal treatment of a fellow human being.\" The judge still found the women in charge guilty. SummersIsle would have to be shut down completely. All the secrets would be exposed and everyone would be horrified. George hoped the nightmare would end for all of them and maybe he could sleep well at night and upon knowing he had avenged his fellow officer, and put an end to the horrors he had seen with his own two eyes. The supernatural events had quieted down and the nightmares had stopped once all the information had been released to the public. Those who had let these events carry on as they did were dealt with professionally in the court of law, found guilty and locked behind bars for a long, long time. SummersIsle was no longer a destination, nor was it a place where unsuspecting men could be lured and offered up as some sort of hideous slaughter. As for the fetuses, they were given a proper burial. Not really knowing who their mothers were, they were probably happy just to have rest, just like all those other souls. Rehabiliation had taken place for many of the drones who had served quietly on SummersIsle. The girls were brought into society and many of them became normal citizens. Some of them were too brainwashed to function \"normally\" and had to be institutionalized, sadly. But that is the way life is sometime. As for George, who had seen all of these things come to pass, he felt a sigh of relief upon closing the book of this awful conspiracy. Some people in Washington had been helping these people with their scheme. Now that it was all over, George could return to his normal life and never have to worry about freakish matters such as that. He believed in the paranormal and knew such things existed, but it did not do him any good to dwell upon such things. The case was closed, all files were put into cabinets and shut...never to be opened again. The End September 6, 2006 ","Summary":" Note: Seeing as there were many things left unsolved, the new police officer (Cadet George Winningh"},{"Movie":"Requiem For A Dream","Title":"El fin","Author":"Candy'Striped","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5670157","Passage":"[Chapter 1] N/A: Vale, no tengo ni idea de si esta película es conocida o algo, yo simplemente la vi porque me la recomendaron y me parecía un crimen no hacer un fic sobre esta peli. Es tan buena y tan real. En fin, disfrutarlo ;) ~C El fin - Sabía que era muy peligroso. A él le gustaba tomar drogas, claro, pero lo de negociar con ellas era otro asunto. Sabía que se haría de oro. Qué coño, de diamantes si es que acaso existía esa expresión. Pero no lo hacía por hacerse rico. Toda esa mierda lo había hecho por ella. Por Marion. Por perseguir sus jodidos sueños para abrir la tienda que tanto deseaba, porque ella era su todo. Y sin ella nada tenía sentido. Pero ahora todo estaba acabado. Estaba en la cama del hospital y le habían amputado el puto brazo izquierdo. Amputado. Eso significaba que no podría volver a tener brazo. Jodidamente perfecto. Quizás no debería haberse inyectado la heroína cuando la herida pintaba tan mal, pero ¿a quién coño le importaría? Marion seguramente estaría follándose a cualquiera para conseguir dinero y su madre de alguna manera había acabado colgada de las anfetas. La simple idea de Marion con alguien que no fuera él le provocaban ganas de que el mundo acabara y la situación de su madre no ayudaba precisamente. De alguna manera, en apenas unos meses, todos sus sueños se habían esfumado a velocidad récord. Pensó de una manera divertida y un tanto enferma, que el jodido hilo musical que había en las habitaciones del hospital era como esa música para los funerales. Un réquiem. Un réquiem por sus sueños. ** ","Summary":" N/A: Vale, no tengo ni idea de si esta película es conocida o algo, yo simplemente la vi porque me "},{"Movie":"Requiem For A Dream","Title":"Marion's Requiem","Author":"jjabb","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8036943","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Harry! Marion Silver just woke up from a nightmare. She was falling- at least she thought she was- from a big cliff and into the ocean. The wind was rushing and gushing all over her face and she can't help but to feel that this was familiar. Moreover, she feels like she wasn't dreaming at all. She was invading someone's dream and in the dream, a man fell from the cliff and she tried to save the man from falling. But she too was propelled into the iron blue waste of the sea. That man was Harry. Marion got up and drank a glass of water. She looked herself in the mirror and said: It's just a dream, Marion. Harry is never coming back. It was 7:54 in the evening and Marion decided to take a fix before going to work. Her work at the show club turned her sleeping habits into a nocturnal state though she only works for three evenings a week. Today is Fetish Friday and Marion was just getting ready when she heard the shrill siren of the telephone. \"Hello.\" \"Ms. Marion Silver?\" said a small feminine voice. \"Yes, this is me. Why?\" \"Are you related to Harry Goldfarb?\" The question struck her numb. Harry. It was three years since Harry left- and never came back. \"I know him-\" Marion stopped. \"He's my boyfriend.\" The word was painfully stuck in her throat like a fish bone for three years. She has just released it. In reflex, a single drop of tear ran from her eyes. \"Ms. Silver, your boyfriend just died an hour ago.\" the voice said, direct, straight and without inhibition. \"Pardon?\" \"Ms. Silver, Harry is dead.\" After that moment of clarity, Marion almost dropped the phone. It took her minutes to respond to the nurse on the other end of the line. It was a deafening and hurtful silence. The nurse understood the silence. She was the one, over the years, who took care of Harry. \"Where is his body?\" Marion finally asked. Marion wanted to give Harry a Jewish funeral, though Harry wasn't a zealous one. His mother Sara would like that. \"His body is at the morgue. Here at Florida State Prison Hospital.\" Prison , Marion thought. Is that the reason why he never returned? \"Am I allowed to get it? His body, I mean...\" Marion wasn't sure of what to do. \"Ms. Silver, hospital policy does not allow you to take the body. Does Harry have any relatives?\" Sara Goldfarb flashed inside her confused head. \"Sara Goldfarb. Harry's mother.\" \"Do you have her contact number, Ms. Silver?\" \"No.\" she embarrassingly admitted. Three years ago in an attempt to move over Harry, Marion threw everything away related to him. Sara's number was written in a page of her contact books. She ripped it off. \"Can you find a way to contact her?\" the nurse asked. \"Yes. I can go to her house and talk to her.\" \"Thank you.\" And just like that the call ended. ","Summary":" Harry! Marion Silver just woke up from a nightmare. She was falling- at least she thought she was- "},{"Movie":"Requiem For A Dream","Title":"Our Decay","Author":"abandoned-account7","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9878917","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Here's another piece, after a two month's break. I had gotten a little rusty, but at least, this got my imagination up and running again. If you're asking, what is this all about, I cannot tell you; I don't know myself. What I do know, however, is that this movie was one of the most inspiring things I had ever seen, and I still can't get over the brilliance of it...Heard they labelled it as one of the best in the entire decade, to which I wholeheartedly agree. Either way, about this piece: it is written as short, separate scenes, divided up into the same segments as the movie: Summer, Fall (Autumn), Winter and Spring. The OC's name is Karen, a friend of the trio's. She knows they're addicts and is in love with Harry (whereas I can assure you that this isn't your typical romance at all), and she has a few 'fits' of her own. You'll see what I mean. I also paid attention to the way she meets her 'requiem'. Along with the other characters, her 'addiction' is brought in Summer; she enjoys it in Fall; she starts feeling depraved and the suffering begins in Winter; the culmination and the final denouement happen in Spring. Anyway, my hopes are you will like it, as it's nothing like what I usually write, and it's also my first time writing a story in first person. That's about it. Thank you for reading in advance! c: - SUMMER - He had his drugs. But he was my drug. They say, when you've something you focus deeply upon, depending on your devotion, hardly anything may drive you away. Not even the fundamental requisites a living being needs to fulfill; like eating, or sleeping, for example. It takes you away; far, far away, shelters you from the clutches of reality, sets you free…But at the same time, slowly, akin to the coiling of a snake, it bounds you to itself. It never let's you be, never allows you to escape. It becomes the clutches itself, and you feel imprisoned, alike to a caged bird. You have the greatest urge to break free. You want to be free. I want to be free. But he won't let me; he holds me tightly in that pale, sweaty hand of his. Perhaps, my imagination allows me, tighter than that putrid substance that does him the same he does to myself. For years and years now... It's irrational, very crude of me to say even, that his addiction is the only part of him that disgusts me. Yet, I suffer from the same kind of obligation. Or similar, whatever may suit me in the given moment of thought. Since I've known him, I've come to look far beyond of what used to be my dreams and goals. And as each day is laid to waste, one after another, all of my ambitions began to fade. I felt emptier and emptier, unclean and rabid. Selfish. Because I wanted him mine. Mine and mine alone. Yet, I knew, I could never afford him. It's just a phase in passing , I used to tell myself. It will go away in the blink of an eye, in a crackle of fingers , I lied. And the beautiful lie would soothe me. It would be sufficient enough to live until tomorrow comes. Yes, this is it: I lived, only to die another day. I am a machine; no longer alive; just a void shell, holding onto what will faultlessly consume me. And I will disappear into the wind. Until... -0-0-0- - FALL - \"Marion,\" I seated myself onto the sofa, as I watched my friend set the cigarette alight. She was paler than I remembered her since the last time we've spoken. \"Hm?\" she glances at me blatantly. My fingers fidget as I make an apologizing smile. \"Nothing. I just wanted to hear your voice.\" I earn myself a chuckle from her behalf. \"So silly,\" she remarks, exhaling some smoke into my face, as if to humor me, \"Just what Harry and I like about you.\" I am unable to hold back a twitch. But I quickly calm myself. Of course, she wouldn't know, she mustn't know. That was canon law to me. \"And how is Harry?\" I look away from Marion, fixating my glance upon the rubble settled on the table before us; various papers, lighters and...Some alien powders, all clumsily lying atop one another. Well, as I recall, Marion was never the one to care for aesthetics. But one object grasps the utmost of my attention. \"Oh, as usual.\" A photography, rather; a memorable moment of a young, grinning couple. The man is young, tall and pale. His hair is the color of coal, and his eyes - the purest shade of verdant. I stop to stare at his smile, defeated by the whiteness and honesty it offers. As for her, well...She is sitting right next to me. \"Usual?\" I ask, stretching my arm towards the table. \"Yes,\" Marion simply declares, throwing out more smoke into the atmosphere around us. I pick the photography up and bring it closer to myself; struck, perhaps mesmerized. Smiling she touches my shoulder, making me avert my eyes back to herself. A childish smile adorned her face. \"You miss him, don't you? Don't worry, he and Tyrone will be over soon. Will you stick around for dinner?\" she winks at me, and I laugh out. Here we go again; as always, this dinner is not really a dinner. Just a petite spree with alcohol, cigarettes, and whatever the devil they were onto now. Until... \"Of course,\" I respond, my glance becoming vacant and my smile wider. Marion taps my shoulder. Her face seems promising, as we both turn our stares toward the door; a knock. Until that day... -0-0-0- - WINTER - Since I awoke at the second hour in the morning, I've felt bothered by the fact that my apartment had become this unclean. I myself became unclean. It has been so long since I've worn make-up, or dressed nicely, or took a random stroll downtown. I've cut all of my bonds with friends and family. Except one. As I dwelled in the dark upon the pantry, trying to find the jogger and a bucket, I swivel about, wincing as the phone mercilessly began to tear the room's silence. Hesitantly dropping the jogger, I make my way to the phone and slowly pick it up. Nervous breathing and whimpering could be heard from the other side. \"...Karen?\" At first, I fail to recognize the voice, as it was only a tiny, barely audible breath. I knit my brows and strain my ears. \"Karen...? Are you there...?\" \"Who is this?\" A small pause ensues as some rustling could be heard. \"It's me. Please...\" My knees almost betrayed me. \"H-Harry? What? Why are you calling at this hour?\" Silence. \"Is everything alright? Harry?\" \"Shh...\" is the muffled reply I receive to my inquiries. A few seconds fleet away, and the call ends. Astonished, I put the phone back in its place, wondering about what was the meaning of all that. Was Harry, I gulped, in some kind of trouble? Should I pay him a visit? But my neighbors will consider me insane if they see me travelling outside at this time of the night. And those vultures never sleep. They live to spy on others, I know it. I blame it all on the shows that air on television these days; they turn people into brainless puppets. The media is just used to achieve the ends of men behind the curtain... I stop my train of thoughts there; really, I turn into such a geek when I've my fits of insomnia. How petty really. But nonetheless humorous. I fill the bucket with water, but before I could brim it, the phone begins ringing yet again. As I drop the metal lid with a loud thud , I make a mental note to buy one of these wireless phones as soon as I get the money, so I don't have to run into one corner of the room each time to answer the damn thing. \"Hello?\" \"Karen, it's Harry. Can you hear me?\" A shudder runs down my spine. \"Yes, I hear you, buddy. What's going on? Are you okay?\" \"Yeah, but...\" Pause. As another minute passes in monotonous, heavy hush, I slowly begin losing my patience. \" But ? H, c'mon, tell me.\" I listen to him sigh for a couple of moments, before he finally speaks. \"Look,\" he utters quietly, forcing my ears to strain again, \"If this wasn't complete fucking emergency, I wouldn't be bothering you at all, believe me.\" As much as I didn't like the sound of his words, I nod, assuring him to continue. \"You know what Marion and I do, don't you?\" he deadpans, and I can tell this is a lot harder for him than it is for me. \"Yeah...What about it?\" I urgently comply, as I realize that I had been silent for a bit longer than required. Harry huffs from the other line; he is building up courage for what he's about to say. \"Please...Please don't hate me...Don't hate us...\" he stutters. \"How in the hell could I ever hate you?\" \"I...I...\" As much as I thirst for the answer, I don't wish to scare him, and therefore, I give him the proper space. And finally, after a few minutes, he bestows it. \"We...We need money...We're all out because of that fucking post bail. And we're going to fucking blow if we don't get some ...Y'know? Please, if you can help us, we-\" \"I'm sorry, H...I...I'm downright broke myself. I swear. I hadn't paid my rent in four months. They'll kick me out if I don't get a job soon. I swear. You know I'd help if I could.\" I can feel disappointment and rejection in that prompt, quivering breath of his coiling from the other side; I have no idea if he trusts any of my words, but one I am aware of: I will see less of him in the future. \"Uh-huh...\" he finally answers, and as I attempted to shower him with another wave of apologies, he hung up. Until that day... Oh, how lucky am I, to be in love with an addict? When we all... -0-0-0- - SPRING - I ran up the stairs, mind racing and eyes ablaze, crashing straight into Marion's apartment. I was completely aware I was going mad, and perhaps this very awareness contributed to the fact that less and less of me was left as each day passed. I lived in some kind of expectation...But until that occurs, I know I wasn't imagining anything, and that my sight would never deceive me. She looked up at me, tired orbs quaking in surprise. I had my doubts, but...Nothing bad would come out of it if I simply asked , no? \"Mare,\" I approached her cautiously; she was putting on her mascara, but it looked as though she had been crying for the past few minutes. A dirtied rag was settled next to her, and her apartment was now a true disaster. You could barely find a place to stand from all the rotting trash on the floor. \"Mare!\" I repeated, seeing as she didn't answer. She looked away, as if I was scaring her. Before I could truly fathom what was going on, I noticed she was holding onto a photography; I guessed, the one with Harry and herself. But something else caught my attention. A phone-number, and not just any - Big Tim, the owner of a local strip club. And the said strip club was not always just about stripping. Full-blown orgies were launched there, and Lord knows what more... My fears had just been confirmed. My conscience immediately prevailing, I snapped the photo out of her fingers' grip, as the mascara tube clattered to the floor. Marion winced frightfully. \"Don't tell me...\" I whispered, as I emptily stared at the digits, \"Please don't fucking tell me...\" Marion covered her face with her hands; guilty as charged. She quietly sobbed as I touched her shoulder, wherewith she'd flinch, trying to back away. \"...Mare, why? You don't have to do it...You don't have to at all,\" my lips quivered as I tried to comfort her, to delve into her sorrow, convince her of my words. But to no present avail. She still sobbed, forcing her hands upon her eyes. \"I'm sorry, Harry,\" she whispered, \"I'm so, so sorry...So fucking sorry ...\" she wasn't speaking to me, as if she ignored my very existence. The quiet sobbing soon became a hysterical cry; Marion broke to the floor, twisting and turning about herself, as if she was having a seizure. And I sat there, doing...Absolutely nothing. Just watching her, observing, as if from afar, the wreckage and downfall of her dreams and future. I watched it all fall apart, and...I didn't even blink. As Marion's screams echoed through my skull, I stared at Harry's smile. And then I smiled. Marion was smiling, too. We all smiled. We're one happy lot. When we all fell apart. It took us some time, but the cab finally reached the hospital and I've already started feeling some kind of unraveling urge to turn away, to escape the inevitable... I paid the driver his bit and stormed out of the car, skipping three stairs at once as I climbed up to the entrance of the building. There, a man, with one of the sleeves of his shirt empty, passed me by. I looked back at him for a couple of moments, before commencing forth. How does one function after the loss of an arm? , I suddenly questioned myself as I stood at the line that formed in front of the counter. What if you wrote with that arm? What if you held your loved one's hand with that arm? Is it worse to lose an arm than lose a leg or any other organ? Is it more terrifying than to lose a dream, a soul? It was a frustratingly intimidating topic to dwell upon, put it would have to wait for a little while. \"Good day, miss. How may I help you?\" the chubby nurse that sat on the other side of the counter called out. \"A friend of mine was hospitalized here, so I'm looking for him.\" She glanced at me more closely now; she had probably noticed my paleness and worry drawn all over my features, wherefore she rushed to turn her computer back on and find the needed person in the database. \"What is your friend's name?\" she inquired kindly. Bittersweetly, my lips morphed to say his name. \"Harry Goldfarb.\" A few types later, and it seemed she had found my love. Although, for some reason, she knitted her brows, looking somewhat stricken. \"Yes, your friend is here,\" she made a polite smile as she answered, pointing her finger over at the elevator, \"He is in room no. 171, the second floor. He's woken up quite recently,\" her tone became warning, \"So I don't want him strained in any way possible. You have only a few minutes.\" \"Thank you,\" I nodded, stepping toward the elevator. A few minutes , I pondered. Eternity for me . It took me about a minute to reach the room in need, and another half of it to enter. What I'll see inside was still unfathomable, but I wasn't expecting anything good to begin with. Without knocking, I pushed myself inside, and there he was; pale, completely still, eyes shut cold. He was sleeping, or perhaps just slumbering, or maybe he was even awake. His right arm was settled upon his belly, and his left... Gone . It was frightening, frightening for me indeed. I didn't know if he'd noticed me when I came in, heard the shaking of my troubled breath, if I'd woken him; but I do know it took me a good few minutes to walk up to the bed and seat myself next to him. \"Harry...\" I whispered softly, painstakingly brushing some messy strands of his black hair off of his face. I sat there, for hours, or perhaps it was just a minute. Lost in a daydream. Lost...So lost... Abruptly, Harry began shaking under my hand; cold sweat dripped from his forehead, down his colorless cheeks. He was stuttering. \"M-\" I bit my lip. His heartbeat and breathing quickened. \"Ma-\" I can't fucking take this. His voice sounded hopeful, full of undying need and drive. His whole body threatened to fall off the bed. But I was there to hold him. To help him. To save him. Drag him alongside myself. However, as suddenly as this seizure of his began, it ended, as his features seemed less and less tense. As if he was dwelling, dwelling in some kind of dark, bottomless pit, without a single ray of light to his side. I watched him, eyed him closely, that feeling of expectation taking over me. But what was I waiting for? Harry told me, he finally bestowed it to me, my love. As if it was a final plea of the condemned; the peremptory, blood-freezing cry of a dying animal; a ruthless, very last fit of a murderer, a carnaged soul, a demon trapped before an oncoming tempest - he yelled out his very own piercing requiem. The most beautiful dedication to a dream. The momentum, the fulfillment, the decay. \"MARION!\" I watched my sweetheart jump upward, the terrible realization that it was all just a dream he saw hitting him harder than a maul. I stared into his widened, alerted orbs - all that has gotten shattered in this world was contained in their greenery. \"H-Harry...\" \"Marion...\" \"She's not here, love.\" \"She won't come...I...Marion...\" \"Harry, I promise you, she-\" \"SHE WON'T FUCKING COME!\" We both burst into agonizing, hysterical tears, falling into one another's embrace, as Harry's still-bandaged lost limb prevented him from more serious movements... We cried. We cried together. Not because we were sad, but because we were broken. It was awful, it was excruciatingly painful, I hated it - but we were together. Our cries, our unanswered prayers, our rapture that we had to let go - all dead. All lost to us, faded, no longer among those who breathe. A whole blasphemy, what was sin and what was not - summed up in our requiem. Requiem for a dream. A dream long lost, long gone from this world. A dream that collapsed into a million little pieces, which collapsed into a million more...And a million more... In an extinguished fantasy for which I had lived, bled, and along with my vision, died. Withered. I am still lost. I am everything that has got lost. I disappeared into the wind. ","Summary":" A/N: Here's another piece, after a two month's break. I had gotten a little rusty, but at least, th"},{"Movie":"Requiem For A Dream","Title":"Purple, blue, orange, green","Author":"dog-tooth","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6767189","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Purple, blue, orange, green. \"Purple in the morning.\" I'm going to be on television. I'm going to be on television and Harry and Seymour are going to see me and they're gonna be proud. Boy will they be proud. They'll see me on television with my red dress and red hair and red lipstick and they'll be so proud. \"Blue in the afternoon.\" Cos everyone on television always look so pretty and handsome. They always look like they're somebody. If someone sees you on television then they ain't forgetting you any time soon. I'm going to be on television and I'll be remembered. I'll be remembered for my red dress. That pretty red dress that I look so great in. \"Orange in the evening.\" They said before how great I looked in that red dress. I'll look even better. I'll wear my red lipstick with my red hair, just like I wore before. I'll wear it with my red dress, yeah, my red dress. \"Green at night.\" But I'm an old woman now... I'm a lonely old woman with no one but my Harry. Oh, my Harry. I want Harry to get with Marion and have babies. Babies so I can be a grandma. \"Orange, blue, purple and green. As easy as that. One, two, three, four.\" No one likes an old woman like me. But maybe, just maybe if I wear that red dress, well... everything will be better. \"Purple in the afternoon... wait... morning. Purple in the morning.\" Red dresses with red hair and red lipstick and an old woman that everybody likes because an old woman wearing a red dress is pretty and an old woman like me needs to be pretty so that she can be liked because that's all I want that's all I need ...to be liked and to be popular and to be seen on television. \"Orange and blue.\" I'll be smiling again. Hmm, smiling. Smiling all the way home. I'll look at that sun and I'll smile. \"Purple, blue, green, orange.\" I'll see Harry and Seymour and a smile will stretch across my lips cos I'll look up at that sun and I'll be wearing my red dress again. \"Orange, blue, red dresses, purple, green, red, orange, green, blue. So many pills. Purple, blue, orange, green...\" My Harry, oh my sweet Harry. Where is he? Where's my Harry? Does he not want to see me in my red dress? HARRY! \"Purple, blue, orange, green, purple, blue, orange, green. Purple, blue, orange, green! Feed me Sara! Feed me !\" Harry. Where's Harry? Where's Seymour? I'm wearing the red dress Seymour, just for you! Can't you see me? Can't you see how pretty I look? \"Sara Goldfarb.\" The lights are so bright. They're blinding me. I can't see. \"Sara Goldfarb.\" That's me. That's me. I'm Sara. Where's Harry? Come on. Where is he? I just wanna be on television. Please. I need to know when I'm gonna be on television. They called me and I wore the red dress for television. I dyed my head and I lost weight to fit into the red dress. \"Mum?\" Harry! Oh Harry, there you are. Come on give your mum a hug. Hug your beautiful mother. \"I love you mum.\" I love you too Harry... Harry? Harry. Harry ? Where are you? I'm wearing the red dress. I'm wearing the red dress! I'm gonna be on television. Right? Right?\" \"Purple, blue, orange, green. Purple, blue, orange, green! Pills! Harry... Seymour ... anybody?\" Help me! A/N: This was very experimental to say the least. Let me know whether you liked it or not. ","Summary":" Purple, blue, orange, green. \"Purple in the morning.\" I'm going to be on television. I'm going to"},{"Movie":"Wicker Man","Title":"Wicker Man 2","Author":"John Silver fan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5641125","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Jarrod.\" Lord Summerisle looked around him but saw no one. \"Jarrod.\" \"Yes?\" A man appeared before him. \"Why do you hurt me?\" \"What do you mean? I don't know, how could I have hurt you?\" The man looked at him sadly. \"Your sacrifices, your way of life, they all hurt me.\" Summerisle was now even more confused. \"Who are you?\" \"I Am that I Am. I am Jesus Christ, the God of the man you sacrificed yesterday. I am the one true God.\" The magistrate swallowed, his mouth suddenly as dry as sand. \"What do you want with me?\" \"You must change your ways and the ways of your people. If you do not I will smite Summerisle with the ten plagues upon which I sent to Egypt.\" His Lordship didn't know what the plagues were, but he knew that they would be terrible. He swallowed again. \"Why?\" A book appeared in Jesus' hands, and He held it out to Summerisle. On the cover it read Bible. \"This is My Word. All that you need to know is in there.\" Summerisle took the Bible and noticed the holes in Jesus' hands. \"What happened to Your hands?\" The Son of God simply smiled. \"The answer to your question, all your questions, are in the Bible.\" ******* Summerisle awoke with a start. Had it all been a dream? He then became away of a weight on his legs, sat up, turned on the lamp on the nightstand beside his bed, and looked down to find the Bible from his dream. He picked it up and looked at it. After a moment of hesitation, he opened it and began to read. The magistrate spent the rest of the night and all of the next day reading. Once finished, he put the Bible down, buried his face in his hands, and wept. He understood. He and his people were like those in Sodom and Gomorrah, and if they didn't change, they'd suffer that same fate. \"Help me. Please help me. Jesus, help me,\" he said softly as he continued to weep. /You know what to do./ \"God, please, I beg of You, forgive me of my sins, come into my heart and save me. Please give me the strength and wisdom to help my people change.\" He felt as though a great weight and burden had been lifted from his shoulders. /Live for me, and I shall tell you when the time is right to tell your people./ \"Thank you.\" With the Bible held close to his heart, Lord Summerisle fell asleep, a new Christian, a new man.[Chapter 2] The children ran happily towards Lord Summerisle as he came towards them while walking down the street. A few of them jumped on him, but he remained standing, used to it. \"Tell us a story, my lord!\" a little girl cried. All the children agreed and begged their leader for a story. Summerisle laughed and complied. He allowed himself to be led over to a large tree, where they all sat in the shade. The children crowed around eagerly. They loved the magistrate, and he loved them, like Jesus loved children. \"All right, children. Listen carefully.\" He told them the story of the prodigal son, careful not mention Jesus or God. ******** The setting sun found Lord Summerisle sitting alone on the beach, watching and waves roll and crash and the sun set on the horizon. The man was deep in thought. He was worried. May Day was approaching, and he no longer believed in it. He despised it. It had been nearly a year since he had been saved, and he had not yet been told when to reveal his salvation to his people. \"When, Father? When can I tell them?\" he asked softly. He remembered what Howie, the man sacrificed the year before, had said. He had said that when the crops failed in the next year, the only acceptable sacrifice would be Lord Summerisle himself. The crops had failed again, and Summerisle was worried that he was indeed the next intended victim of the wicker man. \"My lord?\" The magistrate turned at the voice to see a young girl coming towards her. He recognized her as Delilah, one of the children that always ran to him when they saw him. She was no older than twelve. \"Hello, Delilah.\" She sat beside him and looked out over the water. \"You seem troubled, my lord.\" \"It's not for you to know, not yet at least.\" The girl looked at him, puzzled. \"I don't understand.\" Summerisle turned his dark eyes to her. \"You will someday.\" ******** May Day arrived, and Summerisle's fears were confirmed. He was the next sacrifice! He was led towards the cliff where the wicker man stood, the children and many women weeping. \"Father, help me! How can I help my people if I am dead?!\" he cried out to the sky. Summerisle was forced into the wicker man, and the torch was dropped. Nothing happened. \"What?!\" Summerisle smiled. God was not going to let him burn. \"Thank you, God,\" he whispered as tears of joy and relief rolled down his cheek. The door opened, and he climbed out. \"How is this possible?!\" a man cried. /Tell them./ \"My friends, please, hear me out!\" The people gave him their attention for he was still their leader. \"The man was sacrificed last year was indeed correct. He was correct about a great many things. Our ways of life and beliefs are vile and wicked. We have lost favor in the sight of the one true God, Jesus Christ. A year ago, I was visited by Jesus is a dream. He gave me a book that in His word, the Bible. I read the stories and instructions, and I found the truth. I stand before you today as a different man than I was a year ago. I stand before you today as a firm believer in Jesus Christ. I stand before you today... as a Christian!\"[Chapter 3] The reaction to his cofenssion went even worse than Summerisle thought, and it was only by the grace of God that he managed to escape, making his way to the mainland of Scottland. There he met and married a woman by the name of Victoria Taylor. They were blessed with three children. The oldest was a boy named Eli. The middle child was another boy named Tom. The youngest was a girl named Molly. Jarrod vowed to never return to Summerisle. God had a different plan. Eleven years after leaving Summerisle... A knock on the door interrupted the family's dinner. \"I'll get it,\" Eli, ten years old, said. He answered the door. \"Dad, it's for you.\" Jarrod went to the door and stared in shock. \"Delilah?\" It was Delilah! \"What are you doing here?\" \"Please, my lord, you must return with me. The people are dying.\" The rest of the family came over. \"I'm the magistrate anymore, Delilah.\" \"Jarrod, they're your people. What would Jesus do?\" Jarrod sighed. \"All right.\" \"I'll go, too.\" He turned to Victoria. \"What?! No.\" \"Jarrod, the children can stay with my parents. I want to help.\" Jarrod knew there no arguing with her. \"Very well.\" ******** Summerisle had lost its beauty and splendor, and Jarrod was stunned at how barren and black it looked. \"Fire destroyed the forests and fields,\" Delilah explained. ******** Many people recognized their former leader as he passed by, but he did not recognize many of them. They were all skin and bones and looked to nearly dead. \"I can do nothing.\" \"But, my lord,-\" He turned on Delilah. \"Do not call me that. You all chose to continue your evil ways, and now God is punishing you for it. You refused to heed my words and are now paying the price. I warned you ten years ago that something like this would happened, and you didn't listen. You suffer only because of your own ignnorance.\" With that, he and Victoria left, never again to return to Summerisle. Jarrod was haunted by dreams of Summerisle and the wicker man for the rest of his life, but he was ease knowing they were only dreams now. No one would ever fall victim to the wicker man again. ","Summary":" \"Jarrod.\" Lord Summerisle looked around him but saw no one. \"Jarrod.\" \"Yes?\" A man appeared b"},{"Movie":"Requiem For A Dream","Title":"Bereft","Author":"Aruite","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6453107","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Harry's body was still trembling. He closed his eyes, wishing and longing to wake up from this dreadful nightmare, but the pain didn't vanish. The straps holding him onto the bed, the needles stuck into his veins and the nostalgic smell of disinfectant in the air told him he was still in hospital. He slowly turned his head to the right while every inch of his body ached. His eyes still closed he knew he was now facing his right arm – or where it used to be. He could feel the pain in his arm and his fist clenching. Carefully he spun his arm in the one, then in the other direction. If it wasn't for the pain, everything would seem to be alright. Once he was stabilized the nurse had told him. He had luck he was still alive, hardly escaping death's fangs. It would take him a long time to recover. She said he was lucky only losing his right arm, but still he couldn't bring himself to value what was left of his pitiful little live. He didn't know if he was ready to face reality yet, but in fact he couldn't close his eyes to the truth forever, hiding in a carefree fantasy world that didn't exist no longer. His dream had been torn apart now and he had to accept it. As he slowly opened his eyes, his eyelashes still blurring his vision, he could feel his guts twisting and his emotions flowing over. Tears ran down his face quietly and soaked his felted hair like lost dreams as he stared at the empty bed sheet in front of him. His arm was gone and with it all his life purpose, his future and dreams. A human bereft of his dreams is like an angel with cut wings. ","Summary":" Harry's body was still trembling. He closed his eyes, wishing and longing to wake up from this drea"},{"Movie":"Requiem For A Dream","Title":"I'm so sorry","Author":"LylSev","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6740067","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Harry was still in the hospital, the angelic nurse comes every morning to change his bandage, to feed him, help him to get to the toilet, he is more of something he has never wanted to be than what he used to be. If he could he would laugh about how stupid he was, he would say something like \"yeah kids, drugs are bad\" but he has decided that talking was a waste of time, actually there was nothing to say. more like everything important has been already said. he was killing time by thinking about his last phone. last person he talked to was Marion and then everything was blurry, he got into jail and ended up in the hospital. everything else isn't important just her, strange they have said you will know how much you love something when you loose it. \"true words, bro. true words\" he mumbled while looking from the window from the Sacramento hospital. it was raining there and still he couldn't accept that his proud brooklyn ass is in Sacramento, on the west. they used to make fun of a guy called Hank, he was from California, moved to New York when he was 10 and he and his classmates made fun of him because he looked like the Hollywood ken. no surprises, of course they gave him a hard time. those little memories kept Harry alive every day. life has become more of a living in the past than in the present. what was present? they told him to stay 3 months in the hospital, another 3 were waiting for him in the prison, who knows what is worse. maybe they will set him free after 3 months, maybe his hand it's enough of a punishment for them, who cares, anyway? what is worse? jail? his thought were back to memories, to Ty this time. he has been thinking about him for a long time, he left him there all alone. what is he doing now? they surely give him a piece of shit hard time. Harry looks at his arm, maybe he could use a phone, maybe he can call someone, ma or Marion. hardly he can call Ty but there was no one else to call, no one else who would care. he asked the nurse if he could use the phone and she agreed with her usual smile. her smile has become too pathetic, she was like that all the time, looking at him with the sadness in her eyes, it was obvious he looks like shit, why does she have to show him it like this? not cool of her, not cool he thought for himself. he puts the receiver on his shoulder and tries to remember her phone number. 438? or 458? he decided to try the 458 and feels like this is surely the right now, no one picks it up, he thinks about the time zones, maybe she is sleeping. bullshit it's a lunchtime. on the other hand she has always been a deep sleeper... oh wait! someone has picked up the phone. \"yeah?\" he wasn't able to say anything, he knows that everything what she has done was because of him, she has sucked lots of dicks, fucked lots of pricks and just because of him, just for him, the feeling that he is a looser was back. he puts down the receiver and walks back to his room ","Summary":" Harry was still in the hospital, the angelic nurse comes every morning to change his bandage, to fe"},{"Movie":"Requiem For A Dream","Title":"Desde la oscuridad","Author":"sajarit","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10046214","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Capítulo I: Cambios, lo desconocido de un ángel oscuro Mi historia comienza a partir de una gélida tarde invernal en la que entable una conversación con mi abuela y que la misma se convirtió en discusión a causa de su afán con la palabra de Jesucristo, minutos antes de irme a la secundaria; ella quien es una fanática cristiana evangélica, llevaba 5 años inmersa dentro de esa doctrina y mi prima tenía un año congregada en la iglesia donde mi abuela asistía, a decir verdad yo me deje convencer 2 años antes, acepte al señor con mi corazón, porque creí en esas palabras de que Jehová le brindaría paz y felicidad a mi vida, pero llegó un punto en mi vida que me convencí de que esa no era la misión que debía cumplir en este mundo, tomando la decisión de retirarme y no seguir perdiendo mi tiempo con una ilusión, tratando los hermanos de convencerme otras 2 veces, en el transcurso de ese periodo sus intentos fueron fallidos por que a fin de cuentas opte por abandonar ese camino, ya que debía olvidar mi pasado y perdonar a mi prójimo… ¡algo que jamás sucederá! Porque no puedo olvidar mi pasado, esa es la esencia de lo que hoy soy, la que lucho para sobrevivir, para ser honesta ese sendero no me dio fruto alguno, solo una molesta persecución que hoy en día prevalece para intentar captar mi atención hacia el evangelio. –Y dice la palabra de dios que \"las casadas estén sujetas a sus maridos, como al señor; porque el marido es cabeza de la mujer, así como Cristo es la cabeza de la iglesia, la cual es su cuerpo y el es su salvador. Así que como la iglesia está sujeta a Cristo, así también las casadas lo estén a sus maridos en todo\". Recuerdo una vez, que leyendo mi abuela, este versículo de la biblia, la cual reposaba en sus manos mientras ella se encontraba frente mi sentada en una silla, le expresé con mucha lógica, sobre la palabra de dios que ella se encontraba pregonando. – A ver abuela, para empezar yo no tengo marido, y aunque lo tuviera no me sujetaría nunca a las órdenes de él ¿A qué viene ese versículo? - Le interrogue mientras mi rostro reflejaba molestia y me cruzaba de piernas sentada en el sofá, colocando mi mano izquierda cerrada en la mejilla de la misma dirección - –Se debe a que tu eres muy desobediente - me respondió enfadada - ¿Qué te dije yo a ti sobre las malas palabras?, es cierto tú no tienes esposo, pero yo soy la dueña de esta casa, esto me hace a mí la cabeza de aquí y así como te lo he dicho antes te lo vuelvo a repetir ¡Tú te tienes que sujetar a mí! – ¿Otra vez con eso? - suspire algo frustrada esa era la 3era vez del día que tocábamos el tema - ya dije que no volvería a decirle groserías a Sasha, pero que ella no me vuelva a dar motivos entonces… –Perdonad los unos a los otros dice la palabra de dios. –Aja - respondí sin el más mínimo interés - si como sea… decirme inmunda debe ser que es muy agradable… ¿hasta cuando me seguirá tachando de suciedad? ¡Estoy harta de esto! Sasha me dice lo que se le antoja pero yo no puedo decirle nada ¡es injusto! Debido a mi respuesta mi abuela reacciono bruscamente, se levanto de pie coloco la biblia en la silla y se acerco enfada a mí, me miro a los ojos… esa mirada reflejaba que tan indignada estaba, puesto que no era la 1ra vez que yo respondía a la palabra de dios de tal manera, meses anteriores mis respuestas no eran precisamente las más dulces se puede decir que he mejorado, a pesar de estar frustrada por este tema desde hace año y medio aproximadamente, desde que tengo memoria casi nunca respetan mis decisiones y ahí, el porqué, solía contestar de esa manera, para ser honesta yo ya estaba cansándome de eso y esa es la razón por el cual respondía de tal forma cuando me leía la biblia, me pregunto ¿Por qué no ha dejado de insistirme? ¿A caso no ve que aborrezco todo lo referente a dios? Ella no sabe todo lo que oculta mi pasado y cuáles son los motivos por el cual he rechazado a dios en todo este tiempo, aunque no pienso contarle más sobre mi vida… porque con tan solo decirle que ya no era virgen, me ha tratado degradantemente, cosa que hace hasta los actuales momentos y sin escuchar aunque sea por un instante, la manera tan patética como la perdí. – ¡Respeta la palabra de dios, porque tú eres iniquidad ante el! responde a su palabra con humildad ¿la verdad duele no? ¿Por eso es que te pones así? Porque ella te dice que tan inmunda e impura eres, además… ¿Qué puedes saber tú de injusticia? ¡Suciedad del demonio! ¡Por eso es que estas así! - exclamo mi abuela en tono feroz a unos centímetros de mi rostro - –¡Pues así estoy bien! Me siento bien tal cual como soy, no quiero ser como ustedes, prefiero mi arrogancia antes de ser gente, que lo único que hacen es juzgar ¡no quiero ser una hipócrita!, así les guste o no, nunca cambiare, yo soy así ¡No es justo que me traten de esa manera, solo porque no soy evangélica o porque perdí mi virginidad hace años! ¿¡Hasta cuando me acusaran de inmunda solo por eso!? ¡Estoy cansada! Si esta es la ley de dios entonces déjeme decirle algo, ¡cada día Jehová se va ganado mi desprecio y me está dando motivos para alejarme de él! - dije mientras me cruzaba de brazos, por dentro la rabia me consumía y un poco de ella salió hacia fuera al decir esas palabras, pero la expresión de mi cara no reflejaba más que firmeza y seriedad - –¡Cállate sucia! -exclamo ella mientras la palma su mano impactaba con furia mi mejilla derecha- ¡eres una desgraciada! –… –¡Sujétate demonia! - Dijo ella en el mismo tono ya mencionado - ¡ya que le estas dando la espalda a dios, y que lo desprecias, no eres más que una hija del diablo! Y por eso tendrás tu castigo, y te pondré mano dura hasta que dejes de blasfemar contra Jehová, nuestro dios. –¡No me interesa! ¡Estoy cansada de este problema, no quiero nada con él y punto! ¡El no es mi dios! Es mi enemigo siempre me dio la espalda ¡como ahora! -exclame mientras acariciaba mi mejilla al sentir que ardía por la bofetada- –¡Que te calles te dije! - grito mi abuela mientras me tomaba de la blusa negra que tenia puesta y me miraba de manera retadora - ¡vuelve a hablar mal de dios y ya vas a ver lo que te espera! La palabra de dios dice: \"hay de aquel que se meta con uno de mis pequeñitos\" sigue blasfemando y diciendo calumnias de él y veras el castigo que caerá sobre ti, el te dará tu merecido para ver si continuas hablando mal ¡malagradecida! Baje la mirada, observe el suelo y no dije nada, mi rabia era enorme pero no permití en ningún instante que fluyera, la misma solo manifestó una mirada vacía y la expresión de mi rostro aun permanecía firme ante la situación ¿¡hasta cuando tenía que soportar eso!? Esa es una interrogante el cual conocí la respuesta, a futuro de lo sucedido. Después de lo ocurrido con mi abuela esa tarde, Salí de la casa para asistir a la secundaria, mi hora de entrada era a las 6pm sin embargo estaba retrasada por 5 minutos, la hora empeoraba mi situación ya que no tenía dinero para tomar el bus que me llevaría a mi zona escolar, y no me quedo de otra que caminar. Yo sabía que llegaría a las 7pm, no quería que mis compañeros de clase, a los que les hablo escasamente empezaran a correr la voz respecto a la marca de mi mejilla el cual se había formado cuando mi abuela me bofeteo, así que opte por no asistir a clases, no obstante deseaba estar sola, por esto, acudí a un lugar especial, uno en el cual sabia que nadie me molestaría y que se ubicaba cerca del instituto… el bosque. No era la primera vez que yo iba al bosque sola, puesto que ese era el único lugar en el cual yo acudía y prevalecía alejada cuando estaba enojada, fastidiada, exasperada o deprimida; la naturaleza de ese bosque el cual se encontraba cubierto con una fina capa de niebla siempre ha sido mi único testigo adjunto a la luna que suele iluminar los cielos con su resplandor algunas noches, los únicos espectadores existentes de mis amarguras, mis males, mi dureza para soportar los acontecimientos de mi corta vida en todos estos años, el bosque la luna y la soledad fueron mis únicos amigos, el cual me escuchaban que tan afligida o frustrada me sentía, son los que conocen todos mis secretos detalladamente. Ese día… ese día, los mismos fueron únicos y exclusivos testigos de la anécdota más extraña y sobrenatural que me sucedió en esa enigmática noche a las 8:15pm, en las profundidades centrales de la zona forestal, la experiencia contradictoriamente más dulce y a la vez amarga que me ha sucedido en la vida, inigualable en todo el mundo, el cual cambio mi vida dándole un giro de 360º. Me encontraba en medio de aquel bosque helado, lanzando piedras hacia el rio el cual seguía su cauce con tranquilidad mientras que en mi interior permanecía la ira el cual dejaba fluir al arrojarle piedras al rio, la luna creciente se encontraba en una parte considerable el cual podía observarse y alumbrar parte del ambiente, mi mente solo se hallaba en pensamientos típicos de odio, tan comunes y normales para mi, que ya me había acostumbrado a ellos. Al lanzar mi última piedra al rio en el bordillo terrenal del mismo, me senté, me aferre a mis piernas y apoye mi cabeza a mis rodillas apretando con fuerza los jeans azabache que tenia puestos. –Dios… ¡Como te odio! ¿Por qué diablos me tienes que hacer esto? ¿¡Por qué insistes en molestarme!? ¡Maldita sea déjame en paz! ¡No quiero ser como tu gente! ¡Si actuar testarudamente significa pertenecer a ti entonces estoy bien así! Prefiero ser inmundicia antes que presumir con esa enfermiza pureza… Mostré los dientes como un perro salvaje a punto de atacar por unos minutos mientras observaba el suelo, pero un sonido me interrumpió, era el sonido de un ave de rapiña el cual se encontraba en una rama del árbol que estaba a mi izquierda, voltee a mirar y mi pensamiento interrogo al ver aquel pájaro negro \"¿Que hace un cuervo en un lugar así? Este no es un país en el cual ellos habitan o migran, que extraño… ¿Por qué estará aquí? ¿Estará perdido?\" Fueron las preguntas que se hizo mi mente, sin embargo el cuervo no era de mi importancia y preocupación, así que nuevamente mis ojos contemplaron el suelo y mi mirada reflejaba odio y rencor hasta que… – ¿Por qué has vuelto sola aquí? He observado que vienes con frecuencia a este lugar Sajarit… Al oír esas palabras, las cuales eran de una voz masculina totalmente desconocida, me levante y solté bruscamente mi mochila, me di la vuelta e introduje mi mano en el bolsillo de mi pantalón sacando una navaja que solía portar cada vez que salía a la calle, me mantuve firme con la misma en mi mano derecha mostrándola de manera amenazante mientras interrogue autoritariamente. – ¿¡Quién eres!? –No soy tu enemigo… - respondió la voz en eco - – ¡Déjate de juegos!, no tengo tiempo para estas tonterías, habla ¿¡Quien eres tú!? ¡Muéstrate! - exclame mientras observaba a todos lados para sondear e investigar la proveniencia de esa voz - –Ya te lo he dicho, no soy tu enemigo, no tengo intención de hacerte daño… En ese momento al escuchar estas últimas palabras extrañamente el cuervo abrió sus alas y planeo 3 veces en círculos sobre mí, aterrizando sobre la hoja de mi navaja – ¿Eh? - observe al cuervo con mucha curiosidad, ya que no entendía porque ese \"animal\" por así decirlo, se encontraba sobre la hoja cortante de mi navaja y se acerco a mi sin temor alguno, mirándome atentamente; me sorprendí porque aquella ave no tenía los ojos como todo cuervo, eran distintos, tenía la cornea de sus ojos tan rojiza como un rubí - –Te he observado a ti Sajarit… Mis oídos al percibir de donde provenía la voz que esta vez me hablo sin eco alguno causo que mi ser se paralizara y se asombrara por completo, porque al escuchar esas palabras descubrí que el ser que me dirigía la palabra era el cuervo, quedé tan paralizada, que mi garganta no pudo por un instante emitir sonido alguno, solo pude quedarme, ahí de pie, convirtiendo mi rabia en terror, ¿acaso eso era posible? ¿O venia de mi imaginación? No temas, no pretendo lastimarte, te he observado en estos años y oído con atención cada una de tus palabras… A pesar de estar sorprendida, hice mi mayor esfuerzo por reaccionar y efectivamente este tuvo éxito, le ofrecí mi dedo índice izquierdo al cuervo para meter mi navaja en el bolsillo de mi pantalón y este accedió permitiéndome guardar la navaja, me senté nuevamente al hombrillo de la orilla del rio y observe cuidadosamente al cuervo dispuesta a escuchar lo que iba a decirme, es curioso, porque a pesar de que hablaba y efectivamente podía escuchar la voz que emitía , no movía su pico, solo se oían sus palabras en el ambiente – ¿realmente odias a dios? –estoy cansada de sus tonterías… –eso no responde a mi pregunta ¿odias a dios? - me interrogo con firmeza - –Si, lo odio…el me ha dado la espalda desde niña y no ha hecho más que lastimarme en todo este tiempo incluso cuando me le uní - respondí un tanto dudosa mientras desviaba la mirada - –ese no se oye tan seguro ¿sabes? antes de interrogarte nuevamente, te preguntare una cosa, primero cierra los ojos y acércame a tu rostro… – ¿Por qué debo hacerlo? -pregunte desconfiada- –te mostrare una cosa que debes ver… Suspire, me arrime hacia el árbol, me apoye del mismo y acerque el cuervo a mi rostro, cerrando mis ojos tal cual como él me lo pidió –si aceptaras nuevamente a dios ¿Estas dispuesta a olvidar tu pasado…estás segura que perdonaras a todos los que te lastimaron anteriormente? - al preguntarme el cuervo esto último coloco su pico en mi frente - si no lo haces, dios nunca te aceptara en su reino… aunque es un hecho que si olvidas lo sucedido en tu pasado, el no te abrirá las puertas, mira… Recuerdo que al instante en el que el cuervo coloco su pico en mi frente observe cosas que… que me dejaron atónita e interrogante detalles que me causaron una leve punzada en el pecho, era como una especie de película el cual mostraba algunas peleas que tuve con otros niños en la escuela, observe cuando mi abuela y yo peleamos a puño limpio a causa de la palabra de dios, mire cuando un chico llamado Jonder intento abusar sexualmente de mi, a mis 14 años; vi aquella vez que mi abuela, me intento hacer una especie de exorcismo junto a 5 jóvenes los cuales desconozco todavía, contemple mi cuerpo ensangrentado años después por un impacto de bala en mi costado al salir de la iglesia, y antes de esto me vi desnuda, golpeada, maltratada a punto de morir posterior a una violación, estaba algo molesta y a la vez sorprendida aun así, no pare de ver y le pregunte entonces… – ¿Qué es esto? – ¿acaso has perdido el recuerdo de ti misma? Esto es una interfaz entre tu pasado y el futuro, recuerdos diminutos de tu infancia junto con momentos que vivirás a futuro si aceptas a dios o estás sola en el mundo. No puedo cambiar tu pasado, pero si puedo cambiar tu futuro y ayudar a cumplir tu deseo Apreté con fuerzas mi mano derecha, porque vi a algunas personas que me lastimaron en mi pasado y argumente: –jamás olvidare lo que me paso… ¡nunca negare mi pasado! – ¿estás segura de eso? - – ¡si lo estoy! - exclame con firmeza y seguridad - ¡jamás negare mi pasado! Y nunca diré que lo olvidare, olvidar es engañarse a uno mismo ¡y yo no me voy a engañar de esa manera tan tonta! ¡Por que decir que olvidare, es aceptar que la yo de antes, la que lucho por sobrevivir nunca existió! todo lo que me ha sucedió lo he enfrentado yo sola con mis tropiezos y mis tragos amargos pero a pesar de ello…aun estoy aquí ¡mi amargo pasado es lo que me ha hecho soportar adversidades sin la ayuda de dios! ¡Es lo que me mantiene de pie hoy en día! –Bien dicho, veo que no me equivoque contigo… - Al susurrarme esto el cuervo aparto su pico de mi frente e instantáneamente abrí mis ojos - – Todo en la vida tiene un precio, si sabes cuál es mi deseo… ¿dime cual es el precio? –si aceptas mi ilimitada ayuda y protección, seré de tu completa posesión, serás mi dueña y señora pero solo quiero algo de ti… – ¿Qué es? –cuando sus objetivos se hayan cumplido con mi ayuda influenciada en los mismos, solo quiero… su alma. – ¿mi alma? –su alma es lo único que pido, es la que guarda el odio que tienes, si la misma no tuviera odio yo no estaría aquí… le seguiré hasta el final del juego…hasta que de jaque mate al tablero de cada uno de sus enemigos, yo solo seré una pieza fundamental en su juego, su alma guarda mas rencor de lo que aparenta… y yo la deseo –… –no tiene que darme una respuesta ahora, simplemente cuando la tenga, renegara de dios 3 veces para omitir mi 3era pregunta respecto si lo odias, no alterare el futuro hasta saber que me ha aceptado; es todo por los momentos… - dijo el cuervo mientras abría sus alas para emprender vuelo - – ¡espera! ¿¡Cómo te llamas!? –En este mundo mi nombre es el que usted desee ponerme - respondió el cuervo mientras planeaba velozmente por los aires hasta perderse de mi vista - – ¿¡Qué eres!? –un demonio… - respondió aquella voz nuevamente en eco perdiendo el mismo sus sondas en el ambiente - Quede pensativa ante lo sucedido luego de que el cuervo se marchara en los aires, \"¿Por qué un demonio le habla a una persona de lazos sanguíneos con cristianos evangélicos? ¿Eso es posible?\" fueron mis 2 preguntas, las interrogantes que no les Halle respuesta durante 3 semanas; mi abuela en el transcurso de esas semanas buscaba 1001 maneras de convencerme respecto al evangelio pero por su puesto eso no iba a funcionar conmigo, yo no iba a cambiar de opinión ya que como lo dije al principio \"no era la misión que debía cumplir en este mundo\". me alivia el ser discreta puesto que si fuera una \"soplona\" ya le hubiese dicho y quién sabe qué clase de locura hubiese intentado, pero no, ese era mi secreto y no deseaba contárselo a nadie, ni siquiera a mi perro, muchos de ustedes no han de creer que a pesar de haber sentido temor esa noche, en el transcurso de esa semana me sentía bien, por lo que estoy omitiendo pero que a continuación mencionare fue algo que me sucedió en las siguientes 2 semanas después de lo ocurrido con el demonio: Esas noches de camino al instituto oía la voz del cuervo hablarme. Escuchaba su voz a pesar de que numerosas veces voltee a todas las direcciones a ver si lograba observarlo, pero mis intentos para descubrirlo fueron en vano sin embargo cuando salía de casa… y llegaba al salón de clases, y viceversa podía hablar con él, disimuladamente respondía a la voz que platicaba conmigo cuando me sentía molesta, abatida, apenada o aburrida, lo curioso es que no alcance a verle, bueno un solo día de esas 2 semanas, cuando considere que esa voz provenía de mi imaginación y que estaba paranoica con esa ave de rapiña, pero cuando dude, vi al cuervo picotear la ventana de mi habitación la cual me encontraba pensando en él, y eh ahí cuando me di cuenta que no había llegado al borde de la locura, así que continúe hablando con mi nuevo compañero, lo bueno de este, es que no me presiono por la esperada respuesta que tanto anhelaba conocer, ni siquiera toco el tema durante nuestras conversaciones no obstante era agradable hablar con él, o eso, ¡lo que sea que fuera! Le conté una pequeña parte de mi vida, esos recuerdos que no me atrevía a evocar desde hace mucho tiempo, resucitaron en mi mente al relatarle cada uno detalladamente sin importar que tan vergonzoso, abrumador o doloroso fuese, le conté mis más profundos secretos y anécdotas que he vivido en mi corta y desdichada vida, y le narre que tan feliz fui los días distintos en que nacieron mis hijos, a pesar de que los padres de mis inocentes y hermosas criaturas no respondieron; mi vida no ah sido \"color rosa\" pero ese día me sentí bien al contarle todo, porque sin aun comprender la razón, sentía cierta confianza hacia él pese a que llevaba poco tiempo conociéndolo, sin embargo esta no era total, pero no cambiaba el hecho de que me sintiera bien, a comparación de las pocas personas que les he comentado parte de mi vida, el causaba esa sensación en mi de no sentirme avergonzada ni mal calificada por lo acontecido de mi pasado. A pesar de mis errores, por primera vez en mi vida no me sentía juzgada o condenada por mis acciones pasadas, por el hecho de que perdí mi virginidad o que no estaba congregada al evangelio ¡Él era parte de lo que necesitaba! Y no me había dado cuenta de eso, el se convirtió en un ser fundamental en mi día a día, abrí mis ojos y lo note después de lo que a continuación me ocurrió, uno de los acontecimientos más per turbantes de mi vida fue suficiente para darme cuenta que necesitaba a ese demonio a mi lado Una noche de luna nueva y con gran cantidad de nubosidad, regresaba de la secundaria, faltaban 20 minutos para las 10, el ambiente de aquel pueblo se encontraba desolado y lóbrego, para mi suerte se había ido la energía eléctrica ya que todos los postes no tenían los bombillos encendidos, y las casas obviamente se encontraban sombrías en su totalidad, pero eso no era algo del cual yo pudiera temer… puesto que no era la primera vez que me encontraba en una situación así, de tal manera que continúe recorriendo mi solitario camino, ese día fue extraño e inusual para mi, puesto que me había acostumbrado a la voz de mi nuevo compañero el cual no me había dirigido palabra alguna como frecuentemente solía hacerlo; pensé que no estaba concentrada lo suficiente, invente 1000 excusas para justificar su ausencia, pensaba con cierto desespero en algún pretexto para explicar su repentino alejamiento, hasta que en un momento dude, me enfade y dije: – ¡Oh al diablo! ¡Esto es solo una maldita ilusión! ¡No es verdad! Que Idiota soy, como se me ocurre confiar en mi mente y creer que ese cuervo me ha estado hablando en todo este tiempo ¡todo esto es mi imaginación, incluyendo ese pájaro! - dije en tono frustrante - – ¿Que hace una chica como tú tan sola por aquí? ¿Quieres compañía linda? - interrogo un hombre desconocido acompañado de otro el cual se encontraba armado - Al oír esas preguntas me voltee a mirar, sentí miedo al ver ese par a mis espaldas, era más que claro lo que iba a sucederme ellos me violarían y luego me matarían, a pesar de estar consciente de ello, me llene de coraje y los mire a ambos con firmeza, tratando de no manifestar el pánico que me invadía internamente. Me observaban con lujuria desde la cabeza hasta los pies y viceversa, sus miradas causaban repugnancia y molestia pero sus intenciones eran las que horrorizaban mi interior, no obstante esto causaba que se formara un nudo en mi garganta y que no me permitiera el habla, solo que de allí, observándolos con vigor y rigidez sin hacer el más mínimo movimiento. Ellos se acercaron más hacia mí, hasta el punto de hablarme al oído, incómodamente uno de ese par me tomo del mentón y retiro con su arma el mechón de cabello el cual ocultaba mi ojo izquierdo en su totalidad. –Eres más bonita de lo que aparentas Ante esa acción reaccione bruscamente, retire con la mano su arma la cual destapaba mi ojo y con la misma retire su mano de mi mentón, alcanzando a darle una patada en su entrepierna –No me toques maldito… - alcance a susurrarle - El tipo no opuso resistencia alguna, y empezó a cubrir su parte baja ante el dolor que sentía por la patada que le había dado, su compañero a causa de esto coloco su arma en mi frente y me dijo: –Si vuelves a hacer un movimiento en falso te disparo maldita zorra… llévensela – ¿Eh? El tipo se sonó los dedos medio e índice, y al hacerlo sin saber de dónde, aparecieron 3 tipos detrás mío, pero cuando alcance a verlos ya era tarde solo sentí el pañuelo que cubrió mi nariz y al caer al suelo fue que los vi, todo sucedió tan rápido que no tuve tiempo de gritar o correr e intentar Salvarme; Luego de haber caído inconsciente, vi cosas que…cambiaron mi vida para siempre. Al despertar observe como los tipos me arrancaba la blusa en una especie de garaje que no conocía, ¿cuánto tiempo había pasado de mi inconsciencia? Sentía mi cuerpo pesado y un poco adolorido… excepto en mi entrada vaginal… eso significaba que no me habían violado, no por los momentos. Me hallaba atada de pies y manos , amordazada y sentada en una colchón sin resortes, rodeada de 5 hombres entre ellos los mismos hombres con quienes me había topado desde el principio; con sus miradas me hacían sentir asqueada, pensé inmediatamente que era final porque uno de ellos me arranco el brasier azabache que tenia puesto y empezó a manosear mi busto, lamia y luego mordía mis pezones hasta el punto de lastimarme , pero no le importaba si mis senos se ensangrentaban, el continuo mordiéndolos sádicamente, 2 de ellos bajaron sus pantalones y quedaron totalmente desnudos ante mi mientras se masturbaban, otro me sostuvo las piernas y me las desamarro, las abrió, sostuvo mis tobillos para detener las patadas que estaba dando al desatarme los pies, y el 5to hombre saco mi navaja, la cual portaba siempre en el bolsillo de mi pantalón y con la misma empezó a romperlo, y así mismo mi blúmer blanco Yo gritaba y lloraba desesperadamente, le suplique y le rogué a dios que me ayudara, esperaba que alguien me escuchara a pesar de que me encontraba amordazada pero nadie me escucho ni me socorrió, me miraban con perversión y lujuria, ignoraban mis gritos y mi llanto de rabia, dolor y desespero ante la situación que estaba viviendo, uno de ellos sadiqueó cruelmente mi ser, y sin piedad alguna introdujo hasta las profundidades de mi seco canal vaginal una gruesa rama de árbol la cual fue forzada a entrar dentro del mismo 10 veces y al entrar por completo me lastimo hasta el punto de hacerme sangrar y que la misma se partiera en 2, con la mitad de la misma partida, fue introducida dentro de mi esfínter, y ambas fueron movidas dentro de mi causándome rompimientos graves, el hombre q mordía mis senos…le pidió la navaja a su compañero, me desato las manos y las sostuvo inmediatamente , el mismo se acerco con más facilidad a mis senos y mordió mi pecho derecho mientras uno de los tipos que se tocaba se acerco y mordió mi seno izquierdo. Mentalmente empecé a blasfemar contra dios por haberme dado nuevamente la espalda y renegué con odio de dios y de los hombres existentes sobre la faz de la tierra, porque todos me estaban fallando. El hombre que había roto mi pantalón ordeno a los hombres llevarme a una habitación, y los mismos dejaron de lastimarme para cumplir con la orden, cargándome entre 3 de ellos con mi cuerpo ensangrentado por las mordidas de mis senos, los sangrados vaginales y anales, yo únicamente podía pensar en mis hijos, ¡no quería morir y no ver más a mis hijos!, pero las lagrimas intensas que fueron derramadas en ese momento fueron ignoradas tal cual como mi dolor físico ante tal sufrimiento. fui llevada a una habitación hecha con cerámica y en las mismas estaban incrustadas unas cadenas de cada lado, adjunta a ellas esposas con gran volumen de metal lo que las hacia gruesas; ellos me tiraron al medio del final de la habitación, al soltarme y voltearse esos 3 para tomar las cadenas, me esforcé para levantarme y salir corriendo pero lo hice lento al sentir en cada intento al correr fuertes dolores, así que, caí al suelo, pero ellos no me escucharon, ya que estaban preparando las cadenas, me arrastre en el suelo sin que ellos me vieran, los otros 2 que venían más atrás, notaron que estaba haciendo un intento por escapar, así que uno de ellos tomo cartas en el asunto, se acerco a mí, me levanto bruscamente, me apego a la pared y me golpeo a mano cerrada en mi abdomen, causando una hemorragia interna y que la sangre de la misma saliera por mi boca, el otro me cargo y nuevamente me tiro como a un perro en donde estaba, los 3 tipos que había dejado anteriormente escucharon cuando caí e impacte contra el suelo haciendo que me golpeara la cabeza, preguntaron qué había pasado y los 2 les relataron que yo estaba intentando escapar; mis pequeñas muñecas fueron esposadas por ese trió de sádicos haciendo que yo quedara de rodillas. El tipo que me había golpeado, ese mismo que dio la orden de llevarme a ese lugar, tomo una silla y la coloco detrás de mí, se sentó en la misma bajo su cremallera y me levanto haciendo que yo callera sentada sobre su miembro, no podía moverme ante el dolor, me sentía a morir, y mientras mi esfínter era usado como un juguete sexual, los otros tipos empezaron a manosearme, uno de ellos me giro la cabeza para probar de su miembro con la boca y yo no hice el más mínimo esfuerzo por hacerlo, nuevamente el recuerdo de mis hijos invadió mis pensamientos, pero esta vez duro unos segundos por que luego de esto el tipo me abofeteo e introdujo su órgano sexual hasta mi garganta, jalo mi cabello y lo introducía forzudamente , no obstante el otro levanto mis piernas y empezó a penetrar mi orificio vaginal haciendo presión con mi recto, provocando la aceleración del sangrado… iba a morir, eso era lo más seguro. Después de unos minutos el tipo saco su miembro de mi boca, dejando la misma rota con un enorme chorro de esperma mezclada con sangre de la hemorragia provocada por el golpe del abdomen, mi mandíbula fue lastimada por la magnitud de fuerza en la penetración y baje la cabeza, tratando que toda esa porquería saliera de mi boca, uno de los hombres que observaba mientras se masturbaba se estaba acercando a mí con la misma intensión y al salir ese desagradable liquido de mi embocadura, pensé en el cuervo, pensé en lo ocurrido en el transcurso de esas 3 semanas, a causa de ello alcance a susurrar una sola palabra con aquella ave de rapiña en mis pensamientos. –sálvame… –Nadie va a venir a salvarte muñequita - dijo el hombre que estaba satisfaciéndose de mi canal vaginal, al decírmelo me tomo el mentón haciendo que lo mirara, y en tono burlón me resalto nuevamente la primera palabra mencionada - ¡nadie! –Los deseos carnales de los humanos son tan patéticos - dijo una voz tenebrosa en eco la cual me era conocida - no saben lo que hacen ni las consecuencias de sus actos… Al oírse estas palabras en la habitación repentinamente aquella habitación fue cubierta por una densa capa de niebla, y al presentarse esta situación los hombres se apartaron de mi bruscamente, el ultimo que me hablo retrocedió con rapidez y con la piel de punta tomo su arma la cual se hallaba en el suelo apuntando a la entrada junto con los otros 3, y el hombre que ya estaba a punto de correrse en mi orificio rectal se aparto rápidamente tumbando la silla y haciendo que yo callera sentada en el suelo mirando débilmente al mismo, ya que mis muñecas eran sostenidas por esas esposas, este ultimo personaje mencionado empezó a temblar y al igual que los otros apunto con su arma a la entrada de aquella habitación. Pero lo que nadie esperaba era la aparición de una enorme bruma negra frente mi y en el medio de la misma una mirada… una mirada de un ser completamente sobrenatural, de intensos y luminosos ojos, destellando de color rojo algo violáceos con pupilas rasgadas en medio de aquella bruma oscura y entenebrecida, que daba escalofríos a todos esos sádicos, los cuales, se encontraban horrorizados y con palidez al ver esa enorme bruma frente a su víctima, quien no manifestó temor alguno. –Dígame ¿Qué desea que haga? - me interrogo aquella voz - –Mátalos, mátalos a todos… y sácame de aquí -respondí con dificultad- –Antes de hacerlo, quiero saber una cosa ¿eh sido aceptado por usted? –Si pensé en ti fue por algo… –Es solo para asegurarme, si me aceptas no clamaras mas a dios ni lo intentaras buscar, no me traicionaras ni me remplazaras con él o con sus ángeles, aunque su ser te reclame, tu alma me pertenecerá, y si en su juicio o en el de los humanos no encuentras la prueba de ser inocente dirás mi nombre, el nombre que me darás en este mundo, si no hallases solución al laberinto o al tablero de ajedrez en tu vida me llamaras a mí para mostrarte la salida, y ningún hombre poseerá tu cuerpo sin mi consentimiento, entonces a pesar de estar consciente del significado de estas condiciones ¿seré aceptado por usted? –Que molesto eres… si, si te acepto -respondí nuevamente con dificultad- –Tu alma y cuerpo me pertenecen a partir de hoy, será tu alma a cambio de mi servicio y poder, me convertiré en tu sombra, en tu demonio guardián, la prueba de tu aceptación será mi sello sobre tu piel, la evidencia que demuestra que te pertenezco y que eres mi dueña, la marca que nos une - argumento aquella bruma - –No seas tan pesado, y sácame de aquí -consecutivamente a estas palabras comencé a expectorar sangre- –Como ordene mi señora Posterior a estas últimas palabras de la bruma, inmediatamente se concentro en medio de la habitación, tomo forma de individuo y esta misma se materializo en un cuerpo humano, mis victimarios al ver esto se llenaron de pánico y dispararon desesperadamente a la bruma la cual había tomado forma humana y que la misma les había devuelto las balas de una manera \"telepática\" por así decirlo; luego de materializarse, los hombres cayeron al suelo ante el impacto de las balas, pedían piedad y suplicaban por sus vidas a aquel hombre que vestía como un prestigiado empresario, con flux negro, corbata, y zapatos de cuero azabache, sus vestiduras eran totalmente elegantes y oscuras, de cabello lacio y negro carbonizado que alcanzaba su quijada y el color de este acorde con sus vestiduras, de complexión delgada, piel pálida, de preciosos y enigmáticos ojos carmín los cuales se veían naturales a su condición, de nariz, cejas y labios finos. Aquel ser que había tomado forma humana, se acerco hacia donde yo estaba, con la intención de liberarme de aquellas cadenas, pero antes de que alcanzara los 3 metros de distancia, uno de los tipos el cual había recibido el impacto de bala en su pierna izquierda se arrastro y jalo el ruedo del pantalón de aquel \"hombre\" y clamo por su vida –Por favor…ten piedad, te lo suplico, no volveré a hacerlo, ¡no nos lastimes! La chica está viva, ¡perdona mi vida por favor te lo ruego! - exclamo el hombre entre lágrimas - El \"caballero negro\" al observar ese comportamiento, zafo su pierna la cual era jalada por el tipo y con el pie de la misma pateo su cabeza haciendo que su rostro impactara con fuerzas en el suelo y se abriera una pequeña grieta en el mismo, luego lo templo por la camisa, lo levanto, y con una expresión pacifica en su rostro dijo en tono relajado: –Cuando mi dueña, pidió que la dejaran ir ¿acaso tú te compadeciste de ella? – ¡No volverá a pasar! ¡No me mates te lo ruego!- exclamo con dificultad mientras su rostro era cubierto por la sangre derramada- –Eso no responde mi pregunta, nuevamente pregunto ¿tú te compadeciste de ella? –No -respondió el hombre llorando- no lo hice ¡pero estoy arrepentido! ¡Por favor apiádate de mí! –Es tarde para arrepentimientos - argumento aquel individuo y nuevamente sus pupilas cambiaron a la de los felinos, tomo al hombre por el cuello y empezó a ahorcarlo con sus propias manos sin dejarlo tocar el suelo - muy tarde. –¡No! ¡Por favor no! - Exclamo el hombre en un intenso llanto de agonía, tratando de escabullirse bruscamente de su victimario, el cual le arrebataba la vida con rapidez - ten piedad… –Ya has hecho demasiado daño, no tienes ningún derecho a llorar. Subsiguiente a las palabras de aquel ser, su víctima grito y lloro con mas intensificación, y en su último respiro, al finalizar su vida mi salvador lo soltó cruelmente, y los compañeros del fallecido se llenaron de terror, pánico, clamaron por sus vidas, pero el caballero de vestiduras sombrías no se compadeció y extinguió la vida de cada uno de ellos, y yo solo pude observar agonizantemente como los asesinaba, y a pesar de encontrarme en esa situación, a punto de perecer por la cantidad de sangre perdida, me sentí complacida con la muerte de cada uno de ellos, porque para mí no fue tan cruel al matarlos, pero había extinguido sus vidas. Después de haber asesinado a ese hombre, el compañero de este se acerco a su amigo y lo lloro, maldijo al caballero de vestiduras sombrías y le disparo cuatro veces seguidas con su arma, pero este, por ser sobrenatural, detuvo las balas con la palma de su mano izquierda, las tomo y mostrándolas entre sus dedos le pregunto: – ¿Son tuyas? ¿Se te perdieron? Inmediatamente a estas interrogantes, lanzo las balas al hombre que cayó ante sus preguntas, e hizo que estas le impactaran en cuatro partes distintas del cuerpo: pecho, entre pierna, costado, y hombro –Ten, te las devuelvo - dijo el ser oscuro en ironía - Y el sujeto soltando su arma se abalanzo al suelo en posición fetal, empezó a drenar sangre en sus heridas; el caballero negro sin saber aun la razón, volteo a atrás y noto que en el rincón derecho, donde se encontraba la puerta había una sierra eléctrica y tubos de hierro, se acerco a estos objetos, lanzo los tubos hacia donde estaban los hombres llenos de horror, tomo la sierra eléctrica y seguidamente la encendió – ¡No, por favor no! –Déjanos ir ¡no nos lastimes! – ¡Ten compasión de nosotros! –Ustedes son basura, que patéticos - dijo el demonio mientras caminaba rápidamente hacia ellos con la sierra eléctrica en sus manos - ¿saben a dónde van las asquerosas almas de personas sin escrúpulos como ustedes? - interrogo mientras colocaba su pie sobre el abdomen de aquel hombre que se encontraba en una terrible aflicción y agonía - Ninguno se atrevió a responder, ellos lloraban y temblaban de pánico, solo pedían misericordia a sus vidas, cosa que molesto al victimario que en ese momento salvaba mi vida y cumplía mis órdenes, así que este volteo pico abajo la hoja de la sierra eléctrica que se hallaba en movimiento y la incrusto en el cuerpo del hombre que se satisfacía anteriormente de mi boca, el cual se hallaba agonizante ante los 4 impactos de bala anteriormente mencionados, y el corte de la cierra dividió su cuerpo en 2 extinguiendo completamente su vida. –esas almas se van a podrir al infierno, donde recibirán su castigo, tal como el -seguidamente de estas palabras, saco la sierra eléctrica de su cuerpo cortado a medias y esta vez la hundió en su cuello, degollándolo, jalo el cabello de esa cabeza sin cuerpo y se las mostro a los 3 hombres restantes manifestando una sonrisa enfermizamente natural, como la sonrisa de un niño pequeño jugando con barro o comiendo dulces- es hora de pagar el daño que le hiciste a mi ama La 3era víctima se arrodillo ante mi guardián, y al observar este comportamiento, el demonio apago la sierra eléctrica dejándola reposar en el gélido suelo, el hombre luego se abalanzo sobre ese ser infernal y nuevamente le rogo que lo dejara ir y que no lo matase –si la estas vengando, porque no nos compadecimos de ella ¿Por qué no te apiadas tu de nuestra vida? Si comprendes el dolor que ella sintió ¿Por qué no entiendes el sufrimiento que nos causas? Déjanos ir… ella está viva ¡por favor no nos mates! Mi salvador fingió cierta compasión, le ofreció las manos para levantar a aquel hombre el cual creía que sus palabras ablandarían las ideas de aquel demonio, el hombre prevaleció de pie por unos segundos ante la sonrisa hipócritamente amable que le brindo aquel ser proveniente de los infiernos, y el hombre correspondió a esa sonrisa sin malicia alguna, sin estar consciente de la manera tan tonta que estaba siendo engañado; a los segundos de haberlo ayudado a levantarse sin desaparecer su sonrisa grotescamente dulce de sus labios, mi demonio lo empujo bruscamente al suelo haciendo que callera sentado. –Yo percibo el dolor que vives en estos últimos momentos de tu diminuta vida, si la hubieses dejado ir tendría compasión de tu vida ¿pero sabes? ¡No lo hiciste! no te importo el dolor que ella sintió ante tus ojos, ignoraste las acciones de tus compañeros, y no hiciste nada para detenerlos, por lo tanto sufrirás por egoísmo y tu poca piedad – ¡Por favor no! Yo no la toque –Es cierto, no la tocaste, pero fuiste injusto al no dejarla escapar y ver como abusaban de ella, por eso pagaras –Perdóname por favor - argumento el hombre paralizado con un llanto profundo - –ya es tarde para arrepentimientos - al decir estas últimas palabras el demonio materializado en humano introdujo sus dedos medio e índice de la mano izquierda, los juntaba y los desunía, jugando con ellos dentro del ojo derecho de su víctima - debiste habértelo pensado muy bien antes de secuestrar a mi señora -introdujo sus dedos medio e índice de la mano derecha en su otro ojo- Aquel hombre dio un gran grito acompañado de un llanto totalmente profundo y melancólico ante esta acción, sus ojos estaban siendo machucados, golpeados y arrancados por los dedos humanos de mi demonio, el cual estaban acompañados de uñas teñidas de negro que se alargaron al cambiar sus pupilas. Los dedos del demonio estuvieron enredando y jugueteando dentro de los ojos de mi victimario, quien se esforzó bruscamente para zafarse pero que sus intentos fueron fallidos ya que el demonio , por un aura completamente negativa y sobrenatural que se sentía en el ambiente no le permitió librarse, y el caballero negro se regocijo por unos segundos al revolotear sus dedos dentro del hombre que había contribuido con mi secuestro y mi violación, al sacar sus dedos desprendió sus ojos fuera de lugar dejando a este hombre mencionado sin posibilidades de observar lo que a continuación les narrare. Al finalizar con lo sucedido, el demonio solo dejo una pequeña unión de músculos que guindaba de su cavidad visual y que se unía a su globo ocular las cuales guindaban debido a esa unión; mi guardián tenia junto a su zapato izquierdo uno de los tubos de hierro anteriormente mencionados, así que lo tomo y este al ser puntiagudo fue hundido bruscamente en el abdomen del tipo, atravesando su páncreas, luego el demonio lo saco e inmediatamente lo clavo en sus partes bajas y los subió rápidamente hasta su pecho sin sacarlo de su cuerpo, al tocar la parte final de pectoral fue sacado dicho tubo dejándolo moribundo y sufrido al brindarle una muerte lenta y segura, y con este en sus manos, se acerco a mi cuarto agresor el cual no evito clamar por su vida de inmediato ante lo acontecido – ¡¿Qué piensas hacerme con eso?! ¡Por favor no! ¡No me mates te lo suplico! - exclamo aquel hombre con cobardía en tono de lamentación y dolor - no sabía lo que hacía ¡perdóname te lo imploro! –Tu sabias lo que hacías -dijo mi salvador mientras caminaba hacia su próxima víctima sin borrar esa sonrisa grotesca, enigmática e hipócritamente dulce- lo que no sabias, es que por hacer esto llegaría tu muerte hoy ¿es así o me equivoco? –¡No, no claro que no! Te equivocas, no es así - dijo el hombre sollozando - – ¿Ah no? ¿Entonces como es? ¿Acostumbras a secuestrar y violar chicas de la edad de tu hermana con frecuencia? ¿O a caso me piensas mentir diciéndome que ellos te obligaron y que es la primera vez que haces esto? El hombre guardo silencio y bajo la mirada, esa última interrogante era la respuesta que él pensaba dar, sin embargo mi demonio acertó su respuesta antes de ser mencionada y por eso callo. –Oh ya veo… bien como tu silencio dice más que mil palabras, no hay más que decir. sin perder un segundo más de su tiempo mi demonio actuó precipitada y hábilmente, en una velocidad que mis ojos no alcanzaron a ver, soltó el tubo y antes de que este cayera al suelo tomo la sierra eléctrica, pateo el rostro del tipo la cual intentaba eludirse al caer acostado en el suelo por dicha patada, corto sus extremidades con la misma; mientras aquel hombre gritaba en llanto y se hundía en un terrible dolor su compañero, el ultimo restante, la cual se hallaba a mis espaldas veía con mucho terror lo que acontecía y antes de que mi demonio terminara de asesinar a su compañero, el tipo jalo mi corto cabello azabache, coloco su arma en mi cabeza y aun temblando de pánico reto a el demonio. –Maldito, no me jodas hijo de perra ¡si te acercas la mato! –Oh ¿enserio? - interrogo el demonio con ironía en un tono relajado - ¿y crees que te lo permitiría? –Te conviene que este viva -argumento mi victimario mientras me templaba más el cabello- –Nuevamente te pregunto ¿crees que te lo permitiría? , tienes todas las de perder Al decir esto último mi demonio coloco nuevamente la moto sierra pico abajo y esta vez su hoja cortante fue interceptada y enterrada en la cara del hombre el cual no había culminado de asesinar, y el impacto de su clavado fue tan brusco que a este rápidamente se le reventaron los sesos. El hombre al observar aquella masacre me templo bruscamente el cabello, con todas sus fuerzas, alzando un poco mi ensangrentado cuerpo, empezó a gritarle asustado y desesperadamente a mi demonio. – ¿Qué demonios eres tú? ¡Maldito! ¡Si te acercas no dudare en matarla! –Acabas de decir lo que soy -dijo el caballero oscuro con una sonrisa en sus labios- –Sálvame… -susurre ante esta acción a punto de desmayar- –La salvare, no dejare que muera en manos de este asqueroso humano - me confirmo el demonio con seguridad, mientras apagó y soltó la sierra eléctrica desvaneciendo su sonrisa- resista un poco más. Consecutivamente a estas últimas palabras, ese ser demoniaco, alzo y abrió con totalidad ambas palmas de sus manos, y al hacerlo el tubo mencionado que atravesó y abrió gran parte del cuerpo del la tercera víctima, llego a su mano derecha rápidamente con esa especie de \"telepatía\" aquel demonio corrió rápidamente hacia mí mientras el hombre exclamaba: –¡Te dije que si te acercabas la mataba! –No te dejare hacerlo - dijo el demonio mientras corría - –¡Es tu fin mocosa! Al escuchar estas palabras, inmediatamente mis ojos se cerraron, y en ese momento alcance a oír el disparo, pero ceso el taconear de los zapatos del demonio, aun estaba viva, pero la bala no alcanzo a tocarme, cuando abrí mis ojos no lo vi, pero al sentir esa aura negativa justo a mis espaldas, voltee con todo el esfuerzo posible y vi al demonio detrás de mí, el detuvo las balas nuevamente justo como lo había hecho cuando le dispararon a él. – ¡¿Quién eres tú?! ¡¿Que eres tú?! ¡Te daré lo que quieras! Alcohol, dinero, mujeres ¡todo lo que quieras! ¡No me mates, trabaja para mí! - exclamo aquel hombre con los ojos llorosos soltándome el cabello, paralizado de miedo - ¡por favor! ¡Te pagare lo juro! - grito el sujeto mientras apegaba su espalda a la pared- ¡pero por lo que más quieras no me mates! –Yo soy un demonio, posesión de la joven que acabas de lastimar, no me interesan esas cosas - dijo el caballero oscuro esta vez con una sonrisa macabra en sus labios - ni el dinero, ni el alcohol, ni esas mujeres, solo me interesa, el alma de mi señora y su bienestar… Aquel hombre sumergido en un mar inexplicable de pánico y terror empezó a rogar y llorar por su vida, pero el demonio no fue misericordioso con él, e inmediatamente pateo a este personaje en su abdomen, adjunto a esta patada alzó la mano izquierda, tomo los ojos guindantes de su tercera víctima de manera telepática, reposando en su mano alzada los mismos fueron introducidos forzadamente en la boca de mi victimario y le enclavo el tubo de hierro con una gran magnitud de fuerza en la misma, haciendo que atravesara su cerviz y que partiera la cerámica de la pared la cual se tiño de sangre. Posterior a lo sucedido, el demonio reventó las cadenas y esposas que sostenían mis pequeñas y frágiles muñecas, se quito el saco azabache que tenia puesto mientras sus pupilas volvían a la normalidad y cubrió la desnudes de mi cuerpo ensangrentado, corrió conmigo en sus brazos, cargándome con delicadeza y sumo cuidado. Contemple su rostro mientras agonizaba y expectoraba sangre, él me observaba con preocupación mientras me afirmaba: –no va a morir, no la dejare morir, resista un poco mas mi señora no permitiré que perezca –Realmente viniste… -argumente con mucha dificultad- –no es el momento para hablar de eso, por favor guarde silencio, no se esfuerce Mi respiración se acorto y el dolor se intensifico en ese momento, sentía y oía cada paso al correr de aquel demonio en los sectores de esa casa abandonada, el mundo se me oscureció y lo último que recuerdo haber visto ese día fue el rostro de ese demonio diciéndome \"resiste\" al leer esas últimas palabras de sus labios el mundo ya lo hallaba totalmente oscuro, su boca fue lo último que vi, posterior a esto quede totalmente inconsciente Sacudía mi cabeza de un lado al otro, abrí mis ojos, deteniendo mis movimientos, al hacerlo mi adolorido cuerpo se encontraba reposando en la confortable cama de habitación la cual no conocía, la televisión apagada frente a mis ojos, voltee a mirar a mi derecha , y uno de mis ojos contempló aquella fina manguera que le traspasaba suero a mi vena; mas allá de eso una mesita de madera con material médico sobre ella, solo se oía el inhalar y exhalar de mi respiración en aquel ambiente la cual creí desolado. – ¿Don…donde? - me interrogue tartamuda - – ¿Dónde está? Me interrumpió una voz conocida, que capto mi atención y me hiso voltear hacia la izquierda, al observar hacia ese lado, el estaba junto a mi cama, sentado en una silla; era como si estuviese velando, esperando a que yo despertara. –Está en el hospital joven señora, lleva cinco semanas inconsciente. – ¿Cinco semanas? - interrogue preocupada mientras mis esfuerzo por sentarme tenían éxito - ¿pero qué paso con los niños? ¿Y mis estudios? –Por favor guarde reposo y cálmese, todo eso está arreglado, me encargue de ello personalmente ¿Desea algo de comer? –No, aun no ¿Qué sucedió? – ¿No lo recuerda? Al hacerme esta pregunta el ambiente quedo en silencio por un par de minutos, en el transcurso de ese tiempo, mi mente recordó lo ocurrido con esos hombres, y al hacerlo baje la mirada, tratando de ocultar esa pequeña tristeza y rabia que me invadía, la cual se manifestaba con una lagrima derramada, hacia meses para entonces que mis lagrimas no se derramaban, la última vez fue el día en que nació mi pequeño Gabriel, pero aquellas fueron lagrimas de felicidad a comparación de estas, aquellas no las oculte, pero estas… estas si, ¿por qué me tenía que suceder siempre lo peor a mi? ¿Acaso no era suficiente la miseria de vida que vivía? Nunca fui amada, respetada, ni aceptada en esta corrompida sociedad que me rodea, a causa de eso, mi vida fue muy dura ¿también tenía que pasar por una violación? ¿Por qué el hombre humano tiene que ser así? ¿Qué carajo le había hecho yo a ellos? Mi único consuelo a finales de esos segundos fue el saber que ellos estaban muertos, sin embargo tenía preguntas ¿Por qué el demonio me fue a salvar tan tarde? ¿Por qué después de mi secuestro y violación? Porque… –Quiero hacerte unas preguntas - le dije seriamente sin levantar la mirada - –Soy todo oídos – ¿Por que fuiste a salvarme después de que ya me habían violado? ¿Por qué no fue antes? –El primer día que yo empecé a hablar con usted, esa noche en el bosque, yo le dije a usted que tenía que renegar de dios 3 veces para omitir mi tercera pregunta y brindarle mi ilimitada ayuda y protección. Y en la noche de ese incidente, usted no pensó al principio en mí, si no que pensó fue en dios aun estando consciente de que ese ser llamado Jehová, jamás ha venido a ayudar a alguien; no me podía arriesgar a una posible traición ¿de qué me servía ayudarla, si no tendría nada a cambio? Le pidió ayuda a quien tantas veces le ah fallado y por eso no fui a salvarla al principio. – ¿Por qué después? ¿Si te arriesgabas a una posible traición por que fuiste después? lo más lógico sería que me hubieses dejado morir allí ¿o no? –Ciertamente seria así, pero usted después renegó de él, blasfemo inclusive lo maldijo, se dio cuenta que esa frase bíblica de \"clama a mí y yo te responderé\" era solo una falsa y mentira de dios, no obstante pensó en mi, y no lo hiso por \"simplemente hacerlo\" usted sentía que yo realmente iba a salvarle, sentía que si me llamaba yo iría por usted, y efectivamente fue así. Pero para serle honesto dude un segundo de mi, respecto a \"arriesgarme a esa posible traición\" estaba indeciso si la salvaba o no a pesar de que usted no renegara de dios, si usted no pensaba en mi. – ¿Que quieres decir? –Lo diré muy en claro si no me entiende, si usted no hubiese renegado de dios yo aun así la hubiese salvado, no iba a permitir que se desperdiciara su alma de tal manera. – ¿Por qué yo? ¿Por qué anhelar el alma de una humana el cual la mayoría de su familiares son evangélicos cristianos? cristianos que solo me acusan… - masculle en tono bajo esto último - –Los humanos son realmente unos animales que hablan solo porque tiene boca, las acusaciones de aquellos seres no deben de inmutarte. La familia, me pregunto ¿que será eso? ellos siguen siendo humanos que juzgan ya que a ellos no les ha pasado, las penas y devastaciones las ven muy lejos mientras a ellos no les pase en alma y cuerpo. Sin embargo tu alma es de mi interés, es diferente, es única y de curiosear ¿sabes? Tienes un odio terrible hacia todas las personas y a pesar de ese odio y de todo el sufrimiento por el que has pasado, tu alma solo esta ennegrecida por encima… en su interior se conserva blanca. No eres como esos animales que te rodean, y tu conducta no es inapropiada, eres la única excepción, tu realmente mereces ser llamada \"humana\" a comparación de esos animales es por ello que tu alma es de mi pleno interés. –Hay algo que no entiendo – ¿Qué es? – ¿Por qué tu, un demonio, se acerco y se intereso en el alma de alguien como yo? ¿Los demonios acaso no juegan con la vida de los humanos? – Los demonios que antes eran ángeles dios los rezago por que fueron aquellos que se interesaron en el verdadero bienestar del ser hoy llamado humano, pero ellos se cansaron al ver la codicia que se genero y prefirieron jugar, se convirtieron en espectadores, ya no quedaba más... sin embargo, como en todos los seres de este mundo, siempre hay unos que tienen escrúpulos y otros no, los demonios de buena ética aun existen, escasos son, pero los hay, entre ellos yo; antes de que alguno de los otros demonios, ya sea de buena ética o de malas intenciones se acercaran a usted, yo me les adelante, como lo dije antes \"su alma guarda mas rencor de lo que aparenta… y yo la deseo\" es esa la razón por el cual yo mi interesé tanto en su alma, por eso y porque se conserva blanca. Continuando con lo que le decía respecto a los demonios, la mayoría se han cansado y prefieren divertirse, no todos son de fiar, algunos de \"esa mayoría\" se presentan como yo, otros con distinto método pero con el objetivo de jugar y destruir a la mente humana, sin embargo usted puede confiar plenamente en mí, yo no miento ni traiciono como esos demonios, humanos y ese dios egoísta - dijo esto último con una sonrisa en sus labios - – Eso lo vas a tener que demostrar, la confianza se gana, no se pide, no se exige ni se ofrece, simplemente se gana y eso es algo que debes hacer. –Oh ya veo… con que así es. – ¿Con que así es que? - interrogue con la mirada nuevamente en alto en un tono helado - –Es sorprendente que con todo lo sucedido, usted no confié del todo en mí. –Ya te lo dije, la confianza se gana. Al decir esto, se abrió la puerta de la habitación, era mi abuela con Gabriel en brazos, la pequeña Lucy y mi prima Sasha, que iban de visita, pero ellas al entrar se quedaron viendo al demonio un poco indignadas y curiosas, que él, ante esa acción, se levanto de la silla y tomo su saco la cual se hallaba reposando sobre el lomo de la silla, me observo con cierta dulzura, una sonrisa amable se dibujo en su rostro y volteo dirigiéndose a mis familiares, diciéndoles únicamente \"con permiso\". Ellas le despejaron la entrada haciéndose a un lado, sin quitarles la mirada a ese individuo, la cual al salir volteo a mirarme nuevamente, haciéndome señas de \"adiós\" con su mano derecha, con esto último, cerrando la puerta, mi abuela y mi prima no dudaron en acercarse inmediatamente a mí a preguntarme quien era ese hombre, ese \"hombre\" el cual ellas sin saberlo era realmente un demonio con el que yo había pactado. – ¿Y ese tipo quién es? ¿Tú lo conoces verdad? Dime ¿Quién es él? ¿Qué clase de vínculo tienen ustedes dos? -pregunto deliberadamente mi abuela con Gabriel en brazos- –Bah ¿Qué está pensando usted? El es solo un viejo conocido, mas nada -concrete falsificando la realidad- ¿Cómo voy a tener algo con alguien como él? – ¿Alguien como él? Pero si el hombre ni siquiera es feo, prácticamente es un galán, definitivamente no tienes mal gusto No me había fijado en ello para ese entonces, pero era cierto, el no era feo, todo lo contrario, físicamente era muy atractivo, pese a su verdadera naturaleza el tenia lo suyo y eso no se podía negar, físicamente no tenía ningún defecto, ni siquiera líneas de expresión facial, sin embargo yo lo veía normal, al final de cuentas el solo estaba parar servirme y cuidarme hasta que se derramara la última gota de sangre de mis enemigos, hasta triunfar y cumplirse mis objetivos, no tenía tiempo para esas tonterías y cursilerías. –Que no tengo nada con él –Si claro como no ¿y pretendas que te crea? Déjate de sin vergüenzuras antes de que salgas con otra barriga –Disculpa que me meta, pero es que ese tipo lleva una semana aquí contigo, las veces que hemos venido el ah estado aquí y cada vez que venimos a verte se va a otro lado, al principio es normal, pero ya después de una semana es extraño - dijo Sasha cruzada de brazos - –No es mi problema que él no quiera cruzar palabras con ustedes, y si lleva semanas aquí culpa mía no es, yo no lo obligue, allá él sí quiso quedarse. A propósito ¿Quién les aviso que yo estaba aquí? -interrogue tratando de desviar la conversación- –Tu novio - respondió mi abuela - – ¿Mas o menos? ¿Cual novio? Que yo sepa ando soltera –No te hagas, ¿Cuál novio crees tú? –Todavía sigo sin entender –El que se acaba de ir tras esa puerta – ¡Que no es mi novio! Usted sabe que yo no pierdo mi tiempo de esa manera, con esas bobadas. Posterior a esto, mi abuela me entrego a Gabriel en brazos, y Lucy subió a la cama parar abrazarme y estar conmigo, mi pariente mayor encendió la televisión y yo me puse a jugar con mis niños entre cariños mientras transmitían la carrera de fórmula uno: el gran premio de España, no pedí que cambiaran la televisión por ser una amante de las carreras de autos, a pesar de enfocarme en jugar afectuosamente con mis hijos, también me ocupe de oír la carrera; ese día estaba corriendo Michael Schumacher, pero no se qué sucedió que se retiro, a pesar de ser un viejo corredor era uno de mis favoritos igual que Kimi -Mattias Räikkönen, Lewis Hamilton y Sebastián Vettel, sin embargo ninguno de ellos gano ese día, gano el corredor de mi país, me sentía bien por él, ese día corrió como nunca después de la vuelta 55 en el circuito. La visita no estuvo mal, pude ver a mis hijos y hacerle esos cariñitos que les hacían sonreír dulcemente, la risa de un niño es algo cautivador, sobre todo para una madre; lo único que me molesto de la visita fue, que en cada corto de la transmisión, mi abuela no se aguantaba en hacerme molestas e incomodas preguntas y reproches respecto a quien era ese hombre que me acompañó en todas las semanas. Al terminar la visita, minutos después de haber finalizado la carrera, me despedí de mi hijo con un beso en la mejilla y una caricia en su cabeza, a mi hermosa Lucy con un gran abrazo y un beso en la frente adjunto a un \"te amo\", mi abuela me reprocho nuevamente enojada por no haberle dado información sobre aquel individuo, y Sasha, ella solo se me quedaba viendo con una expresión en el rostro que reflejaba molestia, no tenía ni idea del porque, pero esa fue la mirada que me clavaron sus ojos. Cuando ellas se fueron mi mente quedo algo pensativa, puesto que en uno de los comerciales mi abuela me interrogo el nombre de ese \"hombre\", y yo no había pensado que nombre le pondría, ni siquiera había pensando en ello, y al hacerlo estaba indecisa, no sabía si ponerle Sebastián, Lewis, Michael o Mattias, por los nombres de mis corredores favoritos, pero después de darle tantas vueltas al asunto, decidí que lo llamaría Mattias, por Kimi-Mattias Räikkönen Iban a ser las 8 de la noche, Mattias me había llevado comida por cuarta vez en el día, ¿de dónde sacaba dinero para comprarla? No tengo ni idea, pero tampoco era algo que me importara; no sé como lograba hacerme comer, ya que, por lo general suelo comer una vez al día y es el almuerzo, pero sus métodos para hacerme comer fueron muy efectivos, cada bocado de aquella comida lo hallaba deleitante, quizás era así porque ese pasticho de carne era uno de mis variados platillos favoritos, pero lo único extraño era, que el desayuno, el almuerzo y la merienda (que no eran de mi mayor preferencia) también los había consumido sin problema alguno, tal como ese pasticho. Al terminar de cenar, me sentí muy satisfecha, hacia un par de años que no comía pasticho, ya que éramos de pocos recursos en mi hogar, y para ser honesta ese era toda una delicia, con un magnifico sabor único en el mundo. –Gracias por la comida. –No es nada mi señora -dijo él con una cordial sonrisa mientras recogía los platos y cubiertos desechables, para tirarlos a la basura- –Hacia tanto tiempo que no comía así -dije en un suspiro- y menos el comer tanto en un día… – ¿Por qué mi señora? -Volteó y se acercó a mí con un tanto de curiosidad- –No lo sé, creo que perdí el apetito, no toda la comida es de mi agrado, antes solía comer las 3 veces al día pero… no lo había hecho más hasta ahora. –El apetito no lo perdió, si no hubiese hecho un gran \"berrinche\" y no hubiese comido ni un poco, debe ser otra cosa. Y si usted me lo permite, preparare para usted sus comidas favoritas cada vez que lo desee -mencionó el nuevamente con esa sonrisa cordial en sus labios- –Si realmente lo harás, deseare eso todos los días. –Bueno mi señora, es hora de dormir, usted debe descansar dijo él mientras me cubría hasta los hombros con una cálida colcha- ahora vuelvo -el volteo dirigiéndose a la entrada de la habitación, bajo uno de los interruptores y murmuró- buenas noches mi joven señora. –Mattias ¿a dónde vas? -interrogué girando mi cabeza hacia la entrada- –A comprar sus medicinas. Chité con arrogancia y le argumente con seriedad: –Quédate aquí, hasta que me duerma. – ¿Por qué hasta que se duerma? ¿Acaso muestra temor a la soledad? –Deja de formular preguntas tan irrisorias, no es por eso… – ¿Entonces por qué es? -pregunto el al voltear y acercárseme nuevamente- –Quiero hablar hasta que me duerma, eso es todo. – ¿Está segura que es eso? -me interrogó con su típica mirada que intimidaría a cualquiera- –No me creas una mocosa cobarde. –Yo no he dicho eso… –No, pero lo insinuaste. El tenía razón, pero no del todo, quería su compañía, porque fue él quien se mancho las manos con la sangre de todos los hombres que me habían dañado, no quería quedarme sola, por que el asesino de mis victimarios era mi único consuelo. Al pasar unos minutos de silencio, el mismo se rompió por que el primero en mencionar palabra alguna fue el demonio. –Entonces… ¿me quedo? –Si. El se dirigió a la silla que estaba junto a mi cama y se sentó en ella mientras que yo me senté por un momento, quedando pensativa, hasta que en mi ojo izquierdo manifestó una dolencia, la cual hizo que lo cerrara y tocara mi parpado sin apartar el mechón de cabello. –Mi señora ¿está bien? –Sí, no te preocupes. –¿Podría aclararme una duda? –¿Cuál? – ¿Por qué usted siempre oculta su ojo izquierdo? –Pues -di un suspiro hondo y le respondí- es un ojo que no sirve. –¿No sirve? –preguntó curioso- –Este ojo está casi ciego y no pienso exponer algo que me es inservible, algo inútil. –¿No ha intentado ir a un médico? –Sí, pero no me gusta usar lentes convencionales y como no puedo usar lentes de contacto decidí quedarme así como me vez ahora mismo -dije sin retirar mi mano- –Y por lo que veo, le causa dolor. –Sí, es un ojo que solo me causa problemas hace años. –¿Me permite…? -pregunté él acercando su mano a mi rostro- Yo asentí, permitiéndole que tocara mi parpado, y al hacer contacto con el mismo un frio se presentó sobre aquella delicada superficie, veía enigmáticas manchas de colores en la oscuridad de mi globo ocular, del cual había perdido la visión y el al retirar sus dedos de él, aquel dolor que me invadía repentinamente cesó. Luego colocó sus dedos sobre mi frente, sopló mi rostro con dulzura alcanzando a decirme: –No puedo curar su ceguera, pero puedo calmar el dolor que le acompaña en ella… –¿Cómo puedes hacer esto? –pregunté confundida- –Recuerde que no soy humano, puedo usar mi poder para estas cosas. Pero como todo en esta vida, hay ciertos límites. –¿Por eso no puedes? -murmuré- –Sí mi señora, a todo esto… ya es hora de dormir. –Deja de decirme señora, me haces sentir vieja ¡tutéame! -exclamaba mientras lo veía con cierta molestia- –Si no lo hiciera, sería una falta de respeto por parte mía. –¡Por favor! Tengo tan solo 17 años ¡¿sabías?! ¿Te es muy difícil llamarme Saji o Saja? –Ya le dije que no la tuteare y no me es nada difícil, pero no cambia el hecho de que debo respetar a mi dueña. –Aunque que sea tutéame frente a los demás -dije en un gran bostezo mientras me acostaba en la cama- Que quede claro que esto es una orden. Un sueño y un cansancio terrible me invadió, al acostarme fue como si la cama me hubiese invitado a descansar, la sentía tan confortable, más de lo esperado, el peso de mis parpados pudo más que yo y mi vista se perdió en los enigmáticos, preciosos y cautivadores ojos carmín de aquel ser infernal. Y mientras mi cuerpo descansaba en aquella habitación silenciosa con esa fina batita medica de material desechable, sobre aquella cama, en esa noche de cuarto creciente, el demonio me observaba de una manera sutil y dulce, exploraba mi rostro con la mirada sin yo siquiera saberlo, cubría mi cuerpo nuevamente con aquella cálida colcha, pronuncio mi nombre y me deseo buenas noches al salir de la habitación , sin embargo esto no cambiaba su esencia demoniaca, por más que fuese su ética y sus miradas \"de azúcar\" el tenia muy en claro cuál era su verdadera naturaleza y sus intensiones que me eran totalmente desconocidas para ese entonces, yo confiaba en el, pero mi confianza era mínima. Al día siguiente, me entere una noticia que me dejo atónita, me preocupaba y a la vez no, me hacía sentir bien pero a la vez mal porque ya no iba a tener más oportunidad, obviamente el amor no estaba en mis expectativas, pero no significaba que rechazaría a otro ser en mi vida, y el saber que ya no tendría más \"chance\" me dolía en el alma, pero debía aceptarlo Iban a ser las 8 de la mañana Mattias estaba alistando las cosas para mi ducha, estábamos conversando respecto a su nombre, el decía que aun no se acostumbraba, pero que aun así le gustaba, de pronto nuestra conversación fue interrumpida por el tocar de la puerta. –Adelante… -dije seriamente- Abrieron la puerta y era el doctor, me sorprendió que \"alguien como el\" fuera el doctor que estaba tratando mi caso, era alto, pero no más que Mattias, de piel blanca, nariz perfilada, de cabellos dorados y preciosos ojos miel, de complexión atlética, se le notaba por lo forzudo de sus brazos, aparentaba unos 27 a 30 años. –Buenos días señorita -me dijo él con una cálida sonrisa- le traigo buenas noticias, los resultados de sus análisis sanguíneo fueron satisfactorios, por favor baje en 2 horas al primer piso y entre a la puerta b8 para la realización de una citología, y algunas pruebas de confirmación, debemos estudiar qué tratamientos le son convenientes. Si los resultados son satisfactorios podrá irse mañana al atardecer. –De acuerdo…me parece bien -respondí sin interés ni expresión alguna- ¿para qué son las pruebas de confirmación? –Para comprobar si con lo sucedido usted sea estéril, no podíamos hacer algunas pruebas por su condición crítica, pero ya que la misma ah mejorado necesitamos ver si usted con las heridas y las 2 operaciones realizadas ah perdido su fertilidad y que tratamientos le recetaremos, necesitamos saber su condición. – ¿Estéril? –Dije con un nudo en la garganta- Debo admitirlo, eso me dolió mucho, aunque yo no pensaba dar a luz mi 3er hijo aun, si no cando tuviese mi casa y mis pertenecías propias, cuando fuese independiente y poderosa, quería dar a luz un tercer hijo por inseminación. Pero esa última ilusión había sido destruida, ya Gabriel había sido mi última oportunidad sin yo siquiera saberlo, ya de allí no podría tener más hijos, eso me rompió el corazón, yo podía ser dura pero aun así, tenía mucho sentimiento cuando de hijos se trataba ¡cuando de mis hijos se trataba! –Aun no está confirmado, pero es posible que sí. No dije nada, baje la mirada con una cara melancólica y decepcionada, el doctor lo noto, lo lamentó y se retiro, Mattias solo se quedaba observando la situación en silencio, pero luego lo rompió. –No quería que lo supiera todavía -dijo él en un suspiro- Al oír esto levante la mirada y lo observe de reojo con cierta molestia – ¿Te lo callaste, y no me dijiste nada? –Por favor discúlpeme, no halle el momento conveniente para comentárselo – ¡Debiste habérmelo dicho desde un principio! –No sabía si sus cambios emocionales la afectarían físicamente, por eso no se lo conté –Te voy a decir una cosa… no me gustan las mentiras, ni que me oculten lo que pasa, si llega a suceder algo, si se presenta una situación importante, si ocurre algo con mi salud o con mis hijos, no te lo cayes por qué no me gusta que me oculten las cosas –Como ordene mi señora, discúlpeme, le eh fallado –Te pido que… no, no te pido, te exijo que no se vuelva a repetir –De acuerdo, no omitiré lo que yo sepa que acontezca –Por cierto ¿Qué le dijiste a mis familiares? ¿Cómo les explicaste lo sucedido? Ellos no son muy cordiales, ni son sencillos de convencer –Pues… -suspiro hondo, con una expresión de frustración y continuo explicando- debo reconocer que no son nada sencillos, pero les dije en realidad que usted tuvo un accidente, que se había roto unas costillas e invente otras cosas más, la lleve cerca de un accidente cercano de transito y le dije a los médicos lo acontecido, pero también les comente lo que pasaría si su familia se enteraba, ellos no lo entendieron bien hasta que paso oro en cada una de sus manos – ¿Soborno? –Llamémoslo más bien, comprar el silencio, yo sé cómo iban a reaccionar sus familiares, por eso compre el silencio, para no tener que lidiar con la policía y sus familiares, para evitarle un problema – ¿La policía? -le interrogue extrañada en tono bajo- –Si -dijo él mientras se acercaba a mí, al llegar, se inclino y alcanzo a susurrarme al oído- ya encontraron los cadáveres… – ¿Limpiaste la evidencia que apuntaba hacia mí? –Efectivamente, hasta su sangre, su saliva, fluidos, hebras de cabello, todo tipo de pertenencia – ¿Que dijeron ellos? –Esto… Mattias al decir esa última palabra saco un móvil de su bolsillo y me mostro una grabación cuya decía: –A continuación con los últimos sucesos de la mdv (masacre de valencia) la policía dio declaraciones afirmando que aun no ah encontrado pistas de el o los culpables de la escena del crimen, no se ah encontrado testigos ni evidencia, \"pareciera que se tratara de un asesino fantasma porque ni un pelo dejo, estamos tratando de hallar una prueba que involucre culpables pero no hemos encontrado nada en las pruebas sanguíneas y biológicas, solo el ADN de las victimas\" dijo el jefe del cuerpo de investigaciones, por otro lado ya los cadáveres de las victimas identificados como: José Díaz, Leandro Uzcategui, Daniel Peraza, Jonder bravo y Héctor Cortez fueron entregados a sus familiares. \"mi más sentido pésame les doy a las familias de estos hombres, que dios los tenga en su gloria, y que descansen en paz. Trataremos de encontrar y aprisionar a él los culpables de este trágico homicidio\" dijo el jefe del cuerpo de investigaciones. En otras noticias la - allí concluyo la grabación - – ¿De dónde sacaste el celular? –No es importante en este momento, pero para \"no ocultarle nada\" uno de los victimarios tenía dinero en su billetera así que se lo quite cuando fui a limpiar todo ese desastre; lo compre para mantener comunicación cada vez que saliera de las instalaciones. Pero dígame ¿Qué piensa de las declaraciones? – ¿Qué te puedo decir? Me parece excelente que no sepan nada, si nos descubren estaríamos en un gran problema. –Eso no sucederá ni por que tengan la mejor maquinaria tecnológica, solo encontraran ADN de los cuerpos. – ¿Testigos? –Cuando llegue solo alcance a oler la esencia de seis humanos en el ambiente, no había un 7mo en el perímetro, hubiese sentido su olor. – ¿Olor? –Tengo buen olfato -dijo él con su típica sonrisa cordial plantada en sus labios mientras guardaba el móvil en uno de sus bolsillos del pantalón- –Mph… bueno está bien, después me das tu numero ¿Cuándo fue ese último comunicado? –Hace cuatro días –De acuerdo, me parece bien –Bueno mi señora, es hora de comer -dijo él mientras mostraba una bandeja desechable de comida en sus manos- –Esto… ¿Qué me trajiste de comer? –Un sándwich de pan integral con una rodaja de jamón york y una loncha de queso fresco bajo en grasas, con una barrita de cereal integral y un batido de frutas. –Eso es nuevo para mí, me gusta cómo suena -dije en tono relajado mientras abría ambas manos para recibir la bandeja; estuve así por unos 30 segundos, el ambiente estaba en silencio y Mattias pensativo- –Será que… –Mattias dame mi comida -le pedí con mucha seriedad- –No sé si sea conveniente para usted comer antes de hacerse los exámenes – ¿¡Qué te pasa!? Dame mi comida, esas son pruebas ginecológicas ¡no le des tantas vueltas al asunto y dame la bandeja! -grite mientras mi mirada reflejaba molestia- –También le harán pruebas sanguíneas, no creo que sea bueno para sus resultados comer antes de realizárselos –Idiota… -refunfuñe molesta mientras apoyaba mi mano derecha cerrada en la mejilla de la misma dirección- –Será para después ama -dijo el nuevamente con esa sonrisa en sus labios- –Ya deja de reír, no le veo la gracia –Sonreír es algo muy natural en mi. No se enfade sea paciente -decía el mientras colocaba la bandeja en una mesita, cercana a la ventana- –Vale vale esta bien... estúpido demonio... -dije enfadada tratando de terminar la conversación, ya que no me gusta hablar mucho- Subsiguiente a estas palabras di un suspiro profundo, y segundos después de hacerlo, un ardor terrible se presento en mi hombro izquierdo haciéndome estremecer, inmediatamente toque con fuerza, al hacer contacto con esa parte de mi cuerpo sentía algo extraño que me ardía. – La prueba de su aceptación será mi sello sobre tu piel, la evidencia que demuestra que te pertenezco y que eres mi dueña, la marca que me ata a ti -dijo Mattias esta vez con seriedad- – ¿Esto es…? -interrogue sorprendida entre dientes, mientras palpaba mi hombro- –Si, es la prueba en carne viva. – ¿hasta el día de mi muerte? -le pregunte sin soltar mi hombro- –Incluso después de la muerte anhelare su alma, pero como el contrato tiene un límite, será hasta que todos sus objetivos se cumplan, hasta que todo salga como usted desee, hasta que se efectúe su última voluntad. Por mi propia ambición e interés es que decidí cumplir sus deseos más caprichosos que estén a mi alcance, la busque, para este pacto… – ¿Qué tiene de especial mi alma? -interrogue en un susurro muy bajo- –El alma maldita corrompida por el pasado, pone como espejo sus acciones, es tan sublime, tan fascinante… esa es el alma de mi joven ama, esa es su alma, la cual se conserva blanca aun estando maldita, esa es el alma que tanto deseo. –Si mi odio es una maldición, entonces viviré con esta maldición para siempre, porque esta maldición es la armadura que me protege del mundo que me rodea, del mundo que me quiere pisotear y gobernar a su antojo, no me importa no ser aceptada en el, por que debo acatarme a sus reglas y eso es algo que nunca hare, prefiero siempre vivir protegida con esta armadura, que seguir esa estúpida regla de imitar a los demás. Mattias se acerco nuevamente a mí, hasta llegar a susurrarme al oído. – ¿Enserio? -Interrogo irónico- Si es así, mi duda es ¿Qué hay de los hombres humanos? En algún momento usted encontrara a uno que la enamore, a pesar de ello ¿continuara ese odio intacto? –Ese odio se mantendrá siempre intacto -confirmaron mis labios con seguridad mientras mis ojos volteaban a verlo aun sin mover mi cabeza- los hombres son solo unos animales traidores que buscan satisfacer sus necesidades sexuales, luego de ello, se largan… y los que buscan \"una relación seria\" solo quieren una esclava que les cocine y les haga todo. – ¿Qué no es ese el deber de una mujer? -me interrogo Mattias con cierta ironía- –Ese es el deber de una mujer según ese estúpido libro llamado biblia, el hombre que ingrese a mi mundo debe acatarse a mis leyes, si no… tiene libre albedrio, además ¿para qué perder mi tiempo enamorándome? Si a fin de cuentas lo que busco no esta en este mundo lleno de traidores, no permitiré que un imbécil haga mierda mis sentimientos yéndose con otra o mortificando y controlando mi vida ¡yo soy la que toma el control de mi vida! -le concrete con seriedad y autoridad- –Esa es el alma de mi ama… de mi joven señora… -murmuro el junto a mi oído nuevamente, y poco después se aparto- –Fue tanto sufrimiento lo que mi hiso así… no mas niñita llorona. –Hare siempre lo que desee, estaré a su lado para servir… le seguiré hasta el final… –Es mi alma a cambio de tus servicios, poder y protección, debes hacerlo -decía mientras el ardor poco a poco cesaba- –Si mi señora -dijo él con la misma sonrisa ya mencionada anteriormente- –A propósito gracias -decía mascullando mientras desviaba la mirada- ya sabes, por haberme salvado. –Oh, eso no es nada mi señora, ya habíamos hablado de ello, sin embargo me alaga el agradecimiento viniendo de su parte. –No te acostumbres -dije con arrogancia mientras me cruzaba de brazos- aun no se me olvida lo de la comida, es más, ya que no me quieres dar mi comida, ¡tráeme un buen café! – Yo no creo que deba tomar eso –¡Me da igual lo que tu creas! ¡tráemelo! –Si mi joven señora Mattias hiso una pequeña reverencia ante mí, reanudando su sonrisa nuevamente, acomodo su elegante flux, ato bien su corbata y cuando alcanzo a tocar aquella manilla plateada de la puerta yo le grite: –¡Y tráeme un buen café! ¡que no se te olvide! –Como ordene ama -dijo esto saliendo de la habitación- Mattias llevo el café a mi habitación, me obligue a beberlo con paciencia y gusto, ya que no soy muy amante al café, de hecho escasamente lo bebía, al menos que se tratase de un delicioso cappuccino, que no estuviera ni muy dulce ni muy simple, y la temperatura tenía que ser ideal, en otras palabras tenía que ser un cappuccino perfecto, y no siempre tenía la oportunidad de beberlo, solo cuando tenía dinero suficiente para comprarlo. Continuando con lo que decía, después de terminar de beber el café, baje con Mattias a el primer piso a hacerme los exámenes sanguíneos y ginecológicos, efectivamente las pruebas ginecológicas apuntaban mas y mas a ese hecho de ser estéril, las sanguíneas salieron en orden según los médicos. A los 2 días de los exámenes, me recetaron tratamiento y me dieron de alta a las cuatro de la tarde, pero al salir me encontré en una situación algo desesperante… ","Summary":" Capítulo I: Cambios, lo desconocido de un ángel oscuro Mi historia comienza a partir de una gélida "},{"Movie":"Ned Kelly","Title":"Just a Band of Boys","Author":"Daughter of Inis","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5537686","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Joe stared aimlessly about the darkened room, he vaguely saw flashes from the muskets outside, but all seemed obsolete. Dan looked at him bewildered, but he only flashed a boyish grin and glanced about again. His mind did not register to what his eyes were seeing, bodies were strewn across the floor, huddled in corners where they had tried to seek cover. Some still breathed, but a blood pool was forming on the floor, a great puddle of red misery and death. His thought had escaped him, his young mind, so harshly driven by the stress of battle had abandoned wit, and all he could think now was that he needed a taste of whisky. \"I'm getting a drink.\" He murmured, softly smiling. Dan gave him another concerned look, but had no time to contemplate what his friend was doing before firing another shot out the window. Joe picked up the bottle, poured himself a swig, and lifted the glass to his lips, but a ricocheted bullet shattered the glass, sending shards everywhere. He smiled oddly at his bloody knuckles, and his mind began to wander again, but he was suddenly jolted back by the pain in his upper thy. He was returned to realization and saw the bodies in the corners, the blood pool on the floor, the flashes from the musket barrels as they set off another round. He slumped to the ground, tears welling up in his eyes, and then collapsed, taking in a few last rushed breaths before his head fell back against the bar. Dan was shocked and scared, he looked at Steven, and they saw each other's fear reflected in one another's eyes. They were just boys, all of them were, just a band of boys, fighting for their lives. A fight all would loose. ","Summary":" Joe stared aimlessly about the darkened room, he vaguely saw flashes from the muskets outside, but "},{"Movie":"Ned Kelly","Title":"While Waiting","Author":"rividori","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4793182","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Drabble - 100 words. This fiction is only based on the character portrayals and events in the film, Ned Kelly (2003) He'd betrayed them. There was no other way to put it. No way to make it right. And as he stood outside Aaron's house, waiting for him, the questions ran again through his mind. Had Hare got to him? Convinced him to talk? Was it just for the money? He's filled with a sharp sadness, because this is his friend, because he wants to know why, but he's too afraid to ask. Then he sees him. Through the dark it's hard to tell if there's recognition, if there's fear, regret, sadness. It doesn't matter now. As he lifts his gun. ","Summary":" A/N: Drabble - 100 words. This fiction is only based on the character portrayals and events in the "},{"Movie":"Ned Kelly","Title":"Journey's End","Author":"rividori","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4793192","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: This fiction is only based on the character portrayals and events in the film, Ned Kelly (2003) His expression wasn't blatant, but as Hare looked at him, it was plain to see his surprise over his obvious youth. As Ned Kelly lay there, blinking and chewing on his lip; he looked no less like a wanted criminal than a lost and wayward child. He looked up at Hare. He couldn't be any more than twenty-five. The sash was taken from him, just something else before his life was taken too, and was given to Hare. \"Do you mind if I have this?\" He asked. Kelly turned his head and looked at him in such a way, eyes narrowed; trying to figure him out. Hare thought that perhaps that had been a rather inappropriate question. Nothing more was said. Kelly's eyes turned away to the window. And the train started down the line. ","Summary":" A/N: This fiction is only based on the character portrayals and events in the film, Ned Kelly (2003"},{"Movie":"Ned Kelly","Title":"A Hero's Sash of Green and Gold","Author":"rividori","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4793188","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: This fiction is only based on the character portrayals and events in the film, Ned Kelly (2003) He could still remember the chill of the water as he'd jumped in. All he'd known was that the boy was in trouble. His mum and dad had stood just off to the side as he was presented with the sash. And after he'd received it, the people clapped, and his father had patted him on the shoulder. He opened his eyes. He was still alive. The events from last night came flooding back. He wondered how far he'd managed to walk. His helmet must be somewhere beside him. He struggled to his knees, leaning against the trunk of a fallen tree. His injuries made it hard to move. When he turned to the Inn, he saw. At first he looked right past the hundred or so armed men standing there. All he could see was that inn, and all he could feel was hope and life draining from him. The police all stood with their backs to him as they watched on, flames engulfing the Glenrowan Inn, smoke spiralling upward. And then he heard those final two gun shots. Only two. He didn't know quite what to make of that. But any chance of seeing his friend's faces again were now all but lost. His brother and two best mates. He balanced his metal helmet on the fallen tree and slipped it over his head. They had no idea the man they wanted was right behind them. He knew he stood no chance. It didn't matter. He was on his feet and fighting until the end. The very end. For his brother. For his friends. For the freedom and justice he knew they deserved. And with the last flicker of determination, he stepped forward, shooting his gun into the air. And he fell, as he knew he would. The helmet had to come off, as he coughed and blinked up wildly into the early morning sky. Rolling onto his side, he saw them all getting closer, gathering around. He'd be reunited with the gang now. With his family. He thought to them and then to his father and his proud face that day he'd called him 'sunshine.' And he'd still worn that sash. He'd worn it seriously, even here at the end. The token of bravery from his childhood. Proof that he'd saved a life as well. Blood stained for evermore. A hero's sash of green and gold. ","Summary":" A/N: This fiction is only based on the character portrayals and events in the film, Ned Kelly (2003"},{"Movie":"Ned Kelly","Title":"Ned Kelly","Author":"Quinn the Jedi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1992186","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Why didn't I say it? Why did he look at me for so long, his mouth moving in an unintelligable motion, forming words I wish so hard I could understand? Why didn't I just blurt it out? He stared at me, he did. Looked right at me as I asked him what he was doing. He pulled that helmet over his handsome face, his eyes blazing through the slot as his gaze connected with mine. He didn't have to answer, I already knew. A rain of bullets smattered against his armor, as he hefted up two pistols. I could feel my eyes water. My best friend, my only friend, the only one I could depend on, was about to leave me forever. Dan's sniffles echoed far away in my brain, though he was right behind me, gripping my arm for support. \"Ned..\" I whispered. My throat was clenching in a rhythm I couldn't stop, my heart beating wildly in a rhythm I couldn't fathom. He was leaving. He glanced at his brother, and Steve, nodding to them. He lowered his gaze to me, and I saw his eyes crinkle, and I knew he was smiling. A sad smile, a smile that showed me everything I needed to know. He'd be alright. We'd be alright. I closed my eyes, my head dropping till my chin met my chest. The door creaked open, and slammed shut. My chest tightened until I couldn't breath. \"THERE HE IS!\" \"IT'S NED!\" \"FIIRE!!\" I could hear the bullets hitting his armor. I could hear the police screaming. I could hear everything. I just couldn't hear him. Why didn't I say it? I stood up, my legs nearly buckling under me. Steve and Dan stared up at me. \"Joe?\" \"I need me a drink, boys.\" I said, my eyes landing on one of the only glasses, and only bottles of ale that hadn't been shot to bits. I hobbled over to the bar, pouring the ale into the glass. Why didn't I say it.. The glass was shot while I held it, but I didn't put it down. I just stared at it. I realized I was in front of the window. My vision closed in on a man a few yards off, his rifle aimed at me. I smiled. I could hear the 'click' as he squeezed the trigger, saw the smoke, saw the bullet fly towards me. I had been hit in the belt. Where my armor was weak. The bullet was in me. In my belly. I had been hit. I looked at Dan and Steve. They were gazing at me in horror. My hand gripped the broken glass painfully. I gingerly touched my stomach. Touched my blood. Touched my death. I fell. Why didn't I say it Ned? Why didn't I say it? Now I can feel my life slipping away, the flames licking my boots, the scared whimpers of Steve and Dan. I can hear the gunshots as they take their own lives. I can't hear gunshots anymore, Ned. I can't hear you. But why didn't I just say it? Before you left, before we were gone? We made a hell of a stand Ned, that we did. But it wasn't good enough. You're alive, I know you are. But I'm not. I'm nearly gone now. I'll wait there for you Ned, I'll wait. I'll wait until you join us. And then, when you do, I'll tell you. Because we're going to be okay. Because I love you. ","Summary":" Why didn't I say it? Why did he look at me for so long, his mouth moving in an unintelligable motio"},{"Movie":"Ned Kelly","Title":"Verloren herinneringen","Author":"Dawn Crow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4329557","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dit is een Oneshot over het verhaal van Ned Kelly. Het verhaal is geheel fictief! Dus er zullen dingen niet kloppen met wat er echt gebeurt is, maar dat maakt me niet veel uit. Dit is enkel maar een hersenspinseltje dat me niet losliet en een product van m'n eigen, gestoorde geest. Verder heb ik enkel dit te zeggen: Lees, Geniet en laat een commentje achter ;) Als je nog wat van me wil lezen, laat me dan iets weten. Hier zet ik niet alles dat ik schrijf. Met een gekwelde blik kijkt de jongen uit over de vlakte. In zijn ogen is hij een man. Hij heeft genoeg van de wereld gezien om zichzelf een man te beschouwen. Zijn broertjes kijken naar hem op. Door zijn avonturen met de beruchte struikrover Harry Power vrezen ze hem een beetje. Vooral Dan kijkt op naar zijn grote broer. Hij is jaloers op de kansen die zijn broer kreeg, ook al krijgt hij nu dezelfde kansen door als leerjongen met zijn broer mee te gaan. Een grijnsje zit dan ook op zijn gezicht. De jongen kijk opzij, naar zijn jongere broertje. Een berispende blik ligt in zijn ogen. Hij kan een trotse glimlach niet onderdrukken. Altijd al was hij gek op Dan. Op al zijn broertjes en zusjes is hij gek. Allemaal hebben ze wel hun mindere kantjes zoals het overenthousiasme van Dan of de bezorgdheid van Annie. Samen staan ze sterk en kan niemand zijn familie aan. Velen probeerden hem al te pakken te krijgen. Iedere keer ontsnapte hij op het laatste nippertje de strop dankzij de steun van zijn familie. Hoefgetrappel doet de broers opkijken. Dan fluit op z'n vingers, ten teken dat de andere twee zich klaar moeten houden. De spanning is te snijden. Dans eerste overval moet een succes worden voor zijn zelfvertrouwen. Zenuwachtig frunnikt Dan aan de teugels. Een tweede signaal doet de broers hun paarden de sporen geven. Onder luid kabaal wordt de koets langs twee kanten bestormd. Proberend te ontsnappen raast de koets ervandoor, de Kelly-bende op de hielen. Liggend in het hoge gras met Julia op zich, streelt hij afwezig haar haar. Ze heeft een gekwelde blik in haar ogen, nadenkend over enkele woorden die ze deze ochtend nog te horen kreeg. Hoe ze het hem gaat moeten vertellen, is een waar raadsel. \"Zo gespannen?\" klinkt plots zijn stem. Hij klinkt liefdevol, oprecht bezorgd om haar. Julia komt half recht, over hem leunend. Ze weet dat ze volgens de gedragsregels van deze tijd zich onzedig gedraagt door met hem mee te gaan, maar ze wil de man van haar dromen door zoiets doms niet het gevoel geven dat ze hem niet graag ziet. \"Ik moet je iets vertellen,\" zegt ze zacht, als een fluistering. Haar ogen zoeken de zijne, maar wenden zich dan af. Hij tilt haar gezichtje op zodat ze hem wel moet aankijken. Aanmoedigend drukt hij een tedere kus op haar lippen. Ze voelt de kriebeling van zijn baard. \"Wat dan?\" Zijn nieuwsgierigheid dringt tot haar door. Even zucht ze, waarna ze diep ademhaalt. Ze moet het hem wel zeggen, zodat ze samen kunnen overleggen wat te doen. Zo kan hij ook samen met haar het haar familie gaan vertellen. Julia weet dat zijn familie het prachtig gaat vinden. Over de hare heeft ze zo haar twijfels. Ze keuren hun relatie nu al niet goed. Zacht streelt hij door haar lange haren die los over haar rug hangen. Hij heeft zijn hemd al een tijdje geleden uitgetrokken zodat het als hoofdkussen kan dienen. \"We gaan een kindje krijgen.\" Julia ziet zijn gezichtsuitdrukking veranderen van verbaasd naar blij. Een opgeluchte glimlach verschijnt op haar gezicht. \"Een kindje? Een kleine Kelly? Meen je dat? Dat is geweldig!\" Drinkend van zijn rum volgt hij de verhitte discussie tussen zijn moeder en Jem. Sinds ze opgegroeid zijn, zijn ze meer en meer uit elkaar gegroeid. Jem wil alleen maar het grote geld achterna jagen in een of andere stad. Hun moeder vindt dat hij een voorbeeld moet nemen aan zijn oudere broer en Dan die voor hun familie zorgen. Een glimlach blijft rond zijn lippen spelen. Het nieuws dat Julia hem bracht, betekent niets dan goeds in zijn ogen. Nog een mondje erbij om te voeden, wie geeft erom? Hij vindt het geweldig een kleine van zichzelf te hebben rondlopen binnenkort. \"Zeg jij nu ook eens wat!\" betrekt hun moeder hem in de discussie. Niet wetend wat te zeggen kijkt hij van de ene partij naar de ander, waarna hij rechtstaat. Als de man in huis heeft hij het nu eenmaal voor het zeggen sinds hun vader stierf. \"Stop met die dwaze dingen en concentreer je op het leven nu. Dat zit al genoeg ellende. Als je dan nog eens naar een of andere stad wilt trekken, moet je het zelf maar weten,\" probeert hij hen beiden te sussen. Het is wel duidelijk dat hij de zoveelste discussie tussen de twee heeft gemist. De afwezige blik in zijn ogen en de gelukzalige glimlach die nog niet weggevaagd is, verraden hem. Opstandig ploft Jem neer in een stoel. Zijn ogen verlaten zijn broer niet. Door de woede schemert er toch wat nieuwsgierigheid door. Zijn broer kennende vertelt die zodadelijk toch wat er scheelt. Uiteindelijk is het Grace die de gespannen stilte doorbreekt door te vragen waarom hun oudste broer zo raar doet. \"Ik word vader,\" glundert hij. Tromgeroffel weerklinkt door de stille geluiden van de ochtend. Een menigte heeft zich verzamelt om de beruchte Kelly-bende eindelijk te zien hangen. De hele familie Kelly heeft zich verzameld om twee leden te zien hangen. Ellen Kelly probeert zich sterk te houden. Net als iedere moeder die twee van haar zoons hun dood tegemoet ziet treden, is ze gebroken. Ze wordt ondersteund door Jem Kelly. Deze straf brengt dan toch nog iets goeds teweeg in de relatie van de moeder en haar zoon. Ned kijkt grijnzend zijn broer Dan aan, die naast hem hangt. Aan zijn andere kant hangt Steve Hart, die hij na zijn broer aankijkt. Joe Byrne stierf jammer genoeg toen de agenten de kroeg in brand staken. Herinneringen teisteren hem. Ze schreeuwen om zijn aandacht. Ned weigert toe te geven. Toch sijpelen enkele herinneringen toch door. Herinneringen die voor altijd verloren zullen gaan. \"Jongens, waar we ook heen gaan, het gaat er beter zijn,\" zegt hij stoer. Niet kijkend naar zijn familie en niet proberend te denken aan Julia die op dit moment zijn kind baart, kijkt hij naar de blauwe lucht boven hem. Donkergrijze wolken pakken samen aan de horizon. Wanneer die hier aankomen, zijn zij al gestorven. De strop rond hun nekken hangt nu nog slap, maar zal straks ervoor zorgen dat ze geen pijn lijden. \"God of de duivel, ze gaan willen dat ze ons niet tegenkomen,\" beaamt Steve grijnzend Neds woorden. Dan kijkt wat bang voor zich uit. Bemoedigend kijkt Ned zijn kleine broertje aan. Waar ze ook terecht gaan komen, Joe is er ook. Samen zullen ze die plek opeisen en er een goed thuis van maken om de rest van de familie te ontvangen. Eindelijk zullen ze rust kennen. Het tromgeroffel houdt op. De beul haalt een hendel over. Vier valluiken vallen open. Drie stroppen spannen zich strak. De krak die zacht klinkt bij het breken van de nek, wordt overstemd door het gehuil van de vrouwelijke leden van de Kelly familie. Moedige mannen stierven, enkel omdat ze voor hun familie wilden zorgen. Een heel eind verderop is het luide gehuil van een baby hoorbaar. De vroedvrouw is al op weg naar een volgende klant. Julia ligt vermoeid op bed met haar kindje. Nee, Neds kind. Zacht strijkt ze over zijn haartjes. Het kind is ontroostbaar, net alsof het weet dat zijn vader gestorven is. Tranen lopen over Julia's gezicht. Nooit meer zal ze van een andere man kunnen houden. Een kleine glimlach verschijnt op haar gezicht als het baby'tje in haar armen op zoek gaat naar haar borst voor de melk. \"Kleine Ned Kelly. Op een dag zul je even groot en sterk worden als je vader, met de moed die hij had.\" Nooit zal de herinnering aan deze man verloren gaan. Zijn nagedachtenis zal voortleven in de harten van zijn bewonderaars en iedere Ierse struikrover in Australiër, evenals in de harten van zijn familie die proberen om te gaan met het verlies van Ned Kelly en Dan Kelly, twee dappere strijders in het gevecht tegen onrecht. ","Summary":" Dit is een Oneshot over het verhaal van Ned Kelly. Het verhaal is geheel fictief! Dus er zullen din"},{"Movie":"Ned Kelly","Title":"Come On & Follow Me","Author":"LegolasLover2003","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4028198","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: \"Come On & Follow Me...\" Author: LegolasLover2003 aka Ashley Category: Film - \"Ned Kelly\" Genre: Poetry/Tragedy Rating: T Disclaimer: I do not own any rights to \"Ned Kelly\" . I just write fanfiction and fiction about the event. Author's Note: This poem was written by me, at work, on Janurary 22nd, 2008 between the hours of 6:00pm and 6:30pm, us mountain time. It was written as a tribute to the actor, who portrayed Ned Kelly in the film... Heath Ledger. Heath was found dead today in Manhattan from, as of now, unknown reasons (though an over-the-counter drug overdose is currently the most likely reason). He was 28 years old... only 6 years older than I am. He will be greatly missed... As many of you know, I've written \" Ned Kelly \" and \" The Order \" fanfictions. Heath was one of my favorite actors. Come On & Follow Me... There is a wall before me, As the trees pass by. I see outside the window, Now I wonder why… Of all those times, Of all those jobs, Did it come to this? Of all the laughs, And all the tears, All the sorrow, And the woe. I wonder now, What of the boys? What of my good friend Joe? I know he's gone, Shot before my eyes, Dead upon the ground… And yet I fear, To find his form, Whenever I look around. They'll string him up, Cause a scene, Make me wonder why… I couldn't see, I couldn't do, … We shot him in the eye. It all began that fateful day, Out at the Stringy Bark. That day in which the constable'd Looked about for larks. We sealed our fates, The powder flashed, The smoke was in our eyes. I saw my mates, Dan, Joe, and Steve, Waiting for my cry. We left, We ran, We rushed about, Ahead of the black trackers. But we couldn't outrun The chief inspector Or his iron clackers. The sound of the train, Click clack, Click clack, Rings now within my ears. As I think of all the times That I could have stopped it here. But now it's done, The deed is passed, And my mates lie dead as stone. Me brother and his best friend, Shot… To each his own… Me own mate Joe, He's waiting there, Wondering why I'm late. \"You're the lead, I followed, Ned. Come home and ruminate. About our lives, about our loss, About the good and bad. Come sit and talk a while with me, In Heaven, white robe clad.\" We'll laugh and talk and have a drink, And wonder about Hare. We'll watch from up above and say, He's too drunk to care. About how we have died this day, About how we've been hung. About the bullet wounds that day That pierced our armor; stung. We'll wonder why it wasn't different, How we could have changed. And talk about the freedom and laughs, In those oh so dark days. But here I sit, alone and scared, Wondering where I'll be. When I reach Melbourne on this train, When I'm hung from a tree. I fought for freedom from oppression. I fought for Irish lads. I fought for those who had no voices, Among the daintily clad. I left my mark upon this world, I ran on swift and free. And when I die, I'll smile and say, \"Come on and follow me.\" R.I.P. Heath Ledger 1979 - 2008 You Will Be Missed... ","Summary":" Title: \"Come On & Follow Me...\" Author: LegolasLover2003 aka Ashley Category: Film - \"Ned Kelly"},{"Movie":"Ned Kelly","Title":"la Misérable Histoire d'Aaron Sherritt","Author":"Lychee","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3212566","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Titre : la Misérable Histoire d'Aaron Sherritt Source : \"Ned Kelly\", réalisé par Gregor Jordan. Quelques mots d'explications pour commencer : Bon, je ne sais pas si beaucoup de monde connaît ce film. Pournma part, je suis tombée dessus dans un vidéo-clubnanglais, et c'était la première fois que j'en entendaisnparler. Pour résumer, il s'agit de l'histoire de Ned Kellyn(quelle surprise!), un hors-la-loi australien de la fin du 19ème. Les pour du film : Heath Ledger (Ned Kelly himself),nCOOL déclaré (Chouchou Officiel Of Lychee), bien quenj'ai encore du mal à comprendre qu'il enchaîne des rôlesnpourris (\"The Four Feathers\", \"A Knight Tale\")navec des rôles à faire pleurer (\"BrokebacknMountain\"), dans tous les cas il a une belle gueule; GeoffreynRush (yeeeey!) qui joue le policier pourchassant Kelly, FrancisnHare; les chevaux; l'Australie et sa charmante vie coloniale; Kellynenfant qui ressemble à Jack de \"Will & Grace\". Les contre : rien de particulier, à part toute lansplendide americanitude du film; les deux pouffes, surtout la blonde. Les pour/contre : Orlando Bloom (Joe Byrne, compagnonnde Kelly), qui comme dans tous les films où il ne parle pasnbeaucoup s'en sort honorablement; les dialogues passant du pathétiquenà l'inoubliable (\"Aw. The monkey's been shot!\" Ouinc'est un vrai singe, non je ne vous expliquerai pas.); la conneriendes policiers, énorme, cliché, réelle. Pour conclure, vous pouvez mourir sans voir le film. C'est le castingnqui m'a attiré. CEPENDANT : tout ça on s'en fout, j'ai surtout éténmarquée par un des personnages secondaires, Aaron Sherrittn( Joel Edgerton ), tué à la moitié du film.nIl faut dire que cette histoire est vachement yaoisable, et que j'ainsiphonné un peu trop de Sauternes ce soir, mais ça jenne vous le dirai pas. Et donc je ne vais pas vous expliquer, je vaisnvous raconter (de mon point de vue, biaisé bien entendu). Lesndialogues et les évènements sont directement tirésndu film (j'aurais pas pu inventer la fin), traduits (mal) en directnpar moi-même. oOo La Misérable Histoire d'Aaron Sherritt. Tout avait sans doute commencé quand Ned était sorti denprison. Ou peut-être quand il avait trouvé ce cheval.nDans tous les cas, quand ils l'avaient récupérénce jour-là, les cheveux rasés, le visage dur, quelquenchose avait disparu, et quelque chose était apparu.nL'innocence. Les ennuis. Aaron était heureux de le revoir. Bien entendu, il étaitnson ami, et surtout l'ami de Joe. Il était – il avait étén– un compagnon joyeux, charmant avec les filles, comme il sendevait, un garçon dur au travail et souriant et optimiste etnloyal. Il était encore tout cela, il l'était sûrementn– en surface, parce que quelque chose d'autre était là.nQuelque chose qui faisait légèrement vibrer les tripesnde Aaron comme lorsqu'il assistait, ou participait, au débourragende jeune chevaux. Quelque chose qui pouvait mal finir. Mais il n'aurait su dire quoi, et Joe était si heureux denrevoir Aaron. Et c'était joyeusement qu'il avait pataugéndans la boue pour arrêter la carriole du vieux Wicks – oùnsiégeait également sa charmante fille Sarah, ce quinavait encore apporté à sa motivation. Et pendant qu'ilntentait de persuader le vieux de les laisser grimper ànl'arrière, Ned et Joe l'avait suivi en discutant d'un airnsérieux. Si longues que soient toutes les journées etnsoirées qu'ils avaient passé ensemble, Joe ne discutaitnjamais avec lui d'un air sérieux. Le vieux avait poussé un grognement et fait un vague signe denmain. Il s'était retourné vers les deux autres. - Venez, les gars. Sautez! Ils avaient couru vers lui. - Merci beaucoup, Monsieur. - Merci, M. Wicks! - Merci, M. Wicks. Ils avaient rigolé comme des enfants en s'entassant les unsnsur les autres. - Qui est le valeureux père, m'an? - Laisse tomber. Il est parti depuis bien longtemps. Il n'y a rien anajouter. - C'est Proddy le Puant! - George, le boulanger. Nous étions marié, Ned, en toutnbien tout honneur. - C'est super, maman. - Christ! Vous allez arrêter ce bazar? Vous m'épuisez,ntous les deux! - Ecoutez votre mère, ou je vous en mets une, à tousnles deux, vous m'entendez? Et qui tu es, d'ailleurs? - Steve Hart. - Et bien, vous me semblez tellement gras tous les deux, que vousnavez intérêt à vous bouger le cul et ànm'aider à remettre cette maison en état. Vous n'aveznmême pas aider m'an un seul instant, hein? La maison – la masure – ressemblait à une fourmilière.nUne fourmilière sale et en pagaille, occupée par unnfemme déjà âgée, deux jouvencelles, unnfils et un gendre paresseux, et un bébé. Aaron savaitnque dans deux semaines, à peine, Ned en aurait fait un foyernaccueillant et respectable. Ned était comme ça. MmenKelly semblait déjà cinq ans de moins, et tousnplaisantaient. Pendant un moment, tout alla bien. Ned trouva un job, retapa lanmaison, gagna des combats, sortit avec eux. Il lutinait moins lesnfilles, mais après trois ans de prison, on peut comprendre unencertaine réserve. Et cela en faisait autant de plus pournlui-même. Puis il y eut les chevaux volés. Les policiers n'aiment pasnles jeunes Irlandais qui sortent de prison avec un regard fier, etnqui parlent franchement. Ned se débrouilla pour récupérernles chevaux sur leur dos, mais ils n'avaient aucune preuve. Lesnchoses se seraient-elles tassées sans Fitzpatrick? Peut-être,npeut-être pas. Toujours est-il que par la faute de sa fierténd'ivrogne stupide et déconfit, Ned et Joe et Dan et Stevendécampèrent. Tuèrent trois policiers.nDévalisèrent des banques. Devinrent hors-la-loi.nPouvait-on en vouloir à Ned, qui devait songer jours et nuitsnà la mère, enfermée? Aaron en apprenait de nouvelles dans le journal, chaque matin. Il ennappris de nouvelles le jour où ils vinrent le voir, aussi. - Ne tirez pas, je suis désarmé. Pose ça, aucunenarmée n'est cachée ici. Joe avait souris et rangé son revolver, avant de lui donnernune accolade. - Ne parlez pas trop fort, j'ai de la visite. Joe l'avais regardé d'un air compréhensif et amusé. - Qui? - Mary Hegarty. - Mary Hegarty! (Joe avait pris un airnscandalisé.) - Mh. - Jesus! Elle ne peut pas avoir plus de treize ans! - Je ne suis pas superstitieux. Bien, bien, bien, bien, bien. (Ilnavait brandi son journal.) C'est la première fois que jenrencontre quelqu'un qui vaut 2000 livres, surtout un Irlandais. - C'est 6000 livres. Il les avait écoutés et regardés tandis qu'ilnrêvaient sur une telle somme d'argent. Joe affichait un sourirende pirate. La vie de bandit lui allait bien. A côté denlui, Ned, bien qu'essayant de le dissimuler, exsudait la culpabiliténet la responsabilité. Ils avaient besoin l'un de l'autre pournse corriger, se compléter, même Aaron pouvait voir cela. Le visage de Joe s'assombrit tandis qu'il se penchait sur la feuillende papier. - N'importe qui a le droit légal de nous tirer dessus ànvue. Ils étaient tous devenus silencieux. Après cela, il n'eut plus de nouvelles pendant un moment,nayant été arrêté et envoyé ennprison, sur ordre de Hare comme tous les amis de Ned, ceux quinl'aidaient, le nourrissaient, le vêtaient. Un millier d'entreneux. Non, il n'eut plus de nouvelles pendant un long moment. - J'ai entendu que vous vouliez vous marier, fonder une famille. On l'avait battu, affamé. Hare fumait tranquillement sur lenbanc, à côté de lui. - Et bien, je vais te dire ça, mon gars. Un manque dencoopération va me rendre vraiment difficile de te faire sortirnd'ici pour te renvoyer vers ta promise. Hare ne le menaçait pas, ne lui promettait rien. Ilnexpliquait. - Je n'ai rien à vous dire. - Je n'ai pas besoin de te parler de la récompense. C'estnbeaucoup d'argent. (Un silence.)Tu pourrais l'utiliser de façonnutile. (Une bouffée de cigarette.) Tu es un ami de JosephnByrne, non? Aaron s'était pour la première fois tourné versnson visiteur. - Vous vous connaissez depuis l'enfance… fait un bout de cheminnensemble, n'est-ce pas? Aaron, ce sont les Kelly que nous voulons.n(Hare se fit plus véhément.) Joe n'est pas important.nSi tout cela continue, il sera abattu comme les autres. La seulenchance que ton ami peut avoir dépend de toi. Si tu m'aides, jente garantie sa sécurité. Il avait appris plus tard qu'ils avaient tenté de mettre lenfeu à leur campement. Mais Ned et les autres s'étaientnun fois de plus échappés, et avaient disparu pendant unnlong moment. Il ne sut jamais qui avait craché le morceau. - Hello, Aaron. Joe était là, souriant. Il n'en croyait pas ses yeux. - Joe? Ned! Il avait trouvé le courage de rire. - Comment ça va, Aaron? Joe souriait toujours. Ned aussi. - Pas trop mal. Enfin… pas trop mal. J'ai lu pas mal de trucs surntoi, Ned. Vous formez un tandem terrifiant, pas vrai? Il continua à plaisanter. Il était heureux de lesnrevoir. Ils avaient l'air heureux aussi, mais pas autant que lui. - Nous voulions te parler, Aaron. On se demandait si tu accepteraisnde faire l'éclaireur pour nous. nous voulons attaquer lanbanque de Beechworth. Il ne savait pas trop quand il avait compris que tout étaitnfoutu. Peut-être en les voyant. Peut-être en répondantnà ce moment précis. - Eclaireur? Et bien, je suis flatté que vous ayez pensénà moi, les gars, mais, heu – - Tu n'est pas intéressé? le coupa Joe, insistant. - Non. J'adorerais. Si ça ne dépendais que de moi, jenserais dans le coup immédiatement. Vous savez ça. Maisnj'ai des choses à prendre en compte. Et il leur avait dit qu'il était marié, et ilsnl'avaient félicité. Ils avaient ri de nouveau. Ilsnavaient échangé de rapides nouvelles. Joe et Ned luinavaient à nouveau donné l'accolade. Il savait quenc'était pour la dernière fois. Sans doute ne senserait-il pas autant détesté s'il n'avait pas dit cesnderniers mots, d'une voix pleine de sincérité. - Désolé de ne pas pouvoir vous aider. Bonne chancenmalgré tout. Ils avaient hoché la tête, toujours souriants. Ilsnl'avaient suivi du regard tandis qu'il regagnait la fête, ànl'intérieur. \"I am a native Of Erin, Ireland Transported now From my native shore They tore me from My aged parents And from the maiden Whom I adore I have been a prisoner At Port Macquarie At Norfolk Island And Emu Plains At Castle Hill And Cursed Toongabbie At all those settlements I've worked in chains But of all places of condemnation And penal stations Of New South Wales...\" Bien entendu, il avait tout dit à Hare, et les policiersnavaient envahi Beechworth dès le lendemain. Ned et Joe et les autres n'avaient pas attaqué. - Je laisse tomber, fit-il en reposant ses cartes. - C'est sur que perdre comme ça doit t'épuiser, senmoqua un des policiers qui séjournait chez lui. Hare était un homme prudent et intelligent. A cinq, la cahute semblait minuscule. Il se dirigea vers sa chambre,noù sa femme somnolait. - Qu'est-ce qui se passe? - Dors, ma chérie, soupira-t-il en s'asseyant sur le rebord dunlit. Les trois policiers ne baissèrent pas le ton, continuant leurnpartie. - Aaron! Aaron, les doigts sur les boutons de sa chemise, se figea. Dans lanpièce d'à côté, les hommes cessèrentnde rire et prirent leurs fusils. L'un d'entre eux se dirigea vers unendes fenêtres. Aaron se leva et entrouvrit la porte. Unensilhouette blanche se dessinait dans la nuit, à la lisièrendu bois. - Aaron! - Qui est-ce? demanda quelqu'un. (Peut-être lui.) Le policier à la fenêtre se tourna vers l'intérieurnde la pièce, une expression grivoise et méprisante surnle visage. - Une autre de tes traînées, il semble bien. Dis-lui dendégager, si elle ne veut pas que je lui fasse sauter la tête. Sa femme semblait d'être rendormie. Aaron referma doucement lanporte, et fit quelques pas dehors, scrutant l'obscurité. Lenbruit des criquets emplissait l'air. Il s'avança lentement. - Lizzie, c'est toi? dit-il en s'immobilisant. La femme restait immobile. Elle avait un châle autour de lantête, qui cachait en partie son visage. La lune brillait, et unnléger vent agitait sa robe et l'extrémité denl'étoffe. Aaron ne bougea pas. L'apparition, qui ne souriait plus, saisit lenfusil qu'elle cachait derrière son dos et épaula, sesnyeux sombre durement fixés sur lui. - Joe. Joe resta encore immobile une seconde, et tira. Aaron tomba. Joe fit ralentir son cheval, puis l'arrêta complètement.nNed se retourna, et revint vers lui. - Pourquoi penses-tu qu'il a fait ça? demanda Joe en plongeantnses yeux dans les siens. (Son regard se perdit un instant, puisnrevint sur lui.) Juste pour l'argent? Ned entrouvrit la bouche, hésita. - Peut-être qu'il a commencé à croire qu'il étaitnune sorte de grosse pointure, au lieux d'un fils de bouseux, commennous. Ils restèrent à nouveau silencieux; puis Ned fitntourner son cheval et reprit sa route. Joe jeta un dernier regardnderrière lui, et le suivit. Et ce fut la seule oraison que reçut Aaron Sherritt. oOo Je ne sais pas ce que ça vaut. J'avais juste très trèsntrès envie de raconter l'histoire, mais uniquement celle quinconcernait Aaron. se relit La façon dont je raconte le débutnest très différente de celle dont je raconte la fin.nMais la fin n'a pas besoin d'explications ou de supputations, landescription se suffit à elle-même. J'aime beaucoup cettenscène. Elle est un peu comme le reste du film, sur une cordenraide avec d'un côté une gouffre de clichésnaméricains, et de l'autre un abîme fascinant de bonnesnidées et de sentiments immenses et intenses. C'est horriblement frustrant de se retrouver en présence d'unnfilm qui aurait pu être bon. Gnnh. re-regarde la scène OMG ça pourrait presque être parfait! Gnnnh! part se coucher ","Summary":" Titre : la Misérable Histoire d'Aaron Sherritt Source : \"Ned Kelly\", réalisé par Gregor Jordan. Q"},{"Movie":"Ned Kelly","Title":"Childhood Friends","Author":"broken mind","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1868633","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: First off, I only saw the movie and don't know anything about the characters. I don't known if Joe had joined the Kelly gang only a short time before they all got killed, and honestly, I don't care. Childhood Friends Mara Wilson was the youngest of the four children in the farmer's family. Frederic Wilson had left the family when Mara was born, joining the military, trying everything to get himself killed. Shauna, the mother, was content with the way things were. She and the four kids, three sons and one girl, worked hard on their small field and traded the fruits and vegetables for other things that they needed. The family had a close friendship with the Kelly's who lived only a few leagues away. Ned, the oldest son, sometimes helped with the horses, and Dan fixed the carriage from time to time. Grace and Kate were Mara's best friends, although Mara was a couple of years older than the youngest of the Kelly's. One day in early June, Mara went outside to fetch water from the quite faraway river, when suddenly Ned and Dan Kelly and their moron friends, Joe Byrne and Aaron Whatever-His-Name-Was blocked the narrow path. She looked up and had to squeeze her eyes nearly shut because of the sun standing low in the sky. She saw four black legs, four brown legs and 8 chestnut coloured legs, belonging to the horses those four young boys rode. She couldn't tell if they were ponies or just small horses. \"Hey there, lassie!\" Someone said. It was Joe. \"Dun call me lassie, laddie!\" she snorted back and tried to walk around the ponies. Joe and Dan laughed loud and steered their chestnut coloured mares to the left when Mara went to the left, and when she walked to the right, Joe and Dan blocked her way, too. \"Why don't you want to talk to us, Mara?\" Joe asked again. \"'Cuz me ma told me not to talk with you boys.\" she answered but couldn't suppress a smile She liked the four boys. \"And you always do what yer ma says?\" Dan laughed and turned his horse around because Mara had found a way through the horses' legs and was just about to start to run. She knew perfectly well that she could never outrun the four boys. \"Oh no, lassie, don't leave just now...\" he shouted and pushed her backwards, into the horse of Joe Byrne. The latter reached down and pulled her slick black hair playfully. \"Let go of me, you...\" \"Me what?\" Joe said and grinned. He leant over to her, bending down over the horse's neck and gave her a little kiss on the cheek. Mara giggled and tried to break free from him. He smelled of leather and soap, a clean and yet fascinating scent. After a few seconds, he let her go. She grinned from ear to ear, just like he did. Ned then spun his horse around and led the group of boys away into the town. - - - This was almost 10 years ago, but Mara remembered it as if it had been just yesterday. Her mother Shauna had died a few years ago, her brothers had left home and now lived scattered across the country. Most of the time, she lived in the Kelly's house and helped Ned's ma with the housework and such. Lately, since Ellen had been born, Agatha Kelly needed an extra hand with all the work. The boys, Ned and Dan, were of no help. All they did was shoot at leaves in the forest or get arrested. Ned had been arrested a few times, so had Aaron. She hadn't heard of Joe for a long time, although Aaron and Dan sometimes spoke of him. Grace had just turned 13, when Ned returned from his latest prison-stay, together with Aaron and Joe. He had been arrested for horse-theft and sent to jail for 3 years. Dan and his new friend, Steve Hart, were outside playing their childish game of soccer when the three of them arrived. Grace and Kate ran outside, Mara followed. Ned embraced both of his sisters and then his brother, his mother who was carrying the baby, stood in the doorframe with a big smile on her face. \"It's Neddy!\" she said out aloud and Mara began to smile when Joe waved at them. Agatha handed her the baby and walked hastily over to her son to embrace him. Aaron nudged Joe as they walked over to the others and Joe looked at Mara as if it was the first time he saw her. She had changed, indeed. Her black hair had grown long, longer than Kate's, and her green eyes shimmered even more like the emeralds that he remembered every night in his dreams. Mara probably was the only girl that had impressed Joe in his early years. And since then, no other girl had. He had been having casual love affairs and on- and off-girlfriends, just like Ned and Aaron had. It was a common game between them and nothing about it was seriously, but still, right now, Joe felt that it was some kind of an unfair thing towards Mara. Why did she make him feel like that? It was not that she was incredibly beautiful, he had met women and girls who were unbelievingly beautiful, but she had something about her that caused him sleepless nights. He had thought about her many times, although he hadn't seen her during the last 3 years, maybe even longer. He couldn't remember. He also couldn't remember many of his affairs, but he had always remembered her. Now Kate hugged Joe tight, almost making him fall down. He tried to unlock Kate's arms that were flung around his neck, but didn't succeed without the help of Grace. She wanted to be next. Joe lifted her up and hugged her, then put her down again. He gazed over to Mara and smiled, and Mara smiled back. Her green eyes glimmered in the reddish sunlight. Aaron now went over to Dan and Steve and joined the two boys in their soccer game. Ned kissed his mother on the forehead and then waved for Mara to come closer so that he could see the baby. When he took it from Mara's arms, she stepped back into the shadow of the roof. Joe walked over to her and stopped when he was in front of her, so close that he could smell the soap that she had used to wash herself this morning. Mara smiled at him and all he could do was smile back. Suddenly he felt as if he had no power and will over his own body. He wanted to hug her and tell her that he missed her, but he couldn't. But Mara did not seem to expect that. She seemed content just smiling at him. Later, they all gathered inside the house for dinner. Mara and Kate had cooked a fantastic meal of meat and vegetables, and everyone said that they had never eaten anything that tasted better. Mara and Joe exchanged shy glances, but somehow, there was a certain sadness in her eyes. At first he didn't understand, but when they started to get ready for sleep this night, he understood. Tomorrow morning she would leave this house. Ned was back home and she wouldn't be needed anymore. She would go into the town and ask for employment, find a nice apartment and someone who would care for her. Joe suddenly realized that this was probably best for her. He knew that he would not see her again, at least not some time soon. Sighing a little, he drifted into an uneasy sleep, knowing that she wouldn't be there in the morning when he woke up. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: First off, I only saw the movie and don't know anything about the characters. I don't k"},{"Movie":"Ned Kelly","Title":"Such is life","Author":"Maarre","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4042796","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ned rounded the corner of the room, glass of broken windows on the floor, people screaming and the all to well known noise of bullets flying trough the air was surronding him. And besides that, his eyes met the sight he had feared for, the sight he had been praying for not to see, not now, not ever. Joes lifeless body, slumping against the bar, blood floating on the floor below him, his eyes closed shut and with his armour still on, but his helmet beside him on the floor. For one second, Ned was terrified, and in the next... he ran towards his best friend. When he had reached Joe, he kneeled down beside him, not knowing what to do, not knowing what he could do. Joe slowly opened his eyes, they were dimmy, cloaded and he offered Ned just the smallest of smiles, which quickly turned into a grimace of pain. \" I-I knew that you would come Ned...I knew it \" Ned nodded, smiling slighlty, although he was breaking down completely inside. \" Always Joe, always \" Joe closed his redshoot eyes, coughing a little and then he sank lower down to the floor, not having the strength to hold up his wounded body any longer. He was weakening and he paled for every second that went by. \" Don't you dare to leave me Joe, don't you dare! \" Tears filled Neds eyes as he sat there, slumped down beside his best friend, clutching his hand firmly against Joes stomach, trying to stop the blood from pouring out. But there was nothing he could do, Joe was dying, right infront of him, and there was nothing he could do about it. Joe reached out his hand towards Ned, shakily. Ned immediately grabbed it in his own, gently, he stroke his thumb over it. Joe opened his mouth, over and over again, trying to speak, but no words would come out. The tears that had been threatened to fall from Neds eyes, now escaped, streaming freely down his cold cheeks. \" N-ned...\" Joe finally managed to utter, but Ned shook his head. \" Joe, don't try to speak, It's going to be alright, you're going to be okay, everything's going to be fine... \" Joe tried to say something, but his lips stopped moving, his eyes stayed wide open and his breath was being caught in his throat. Ned stared at him, he didn't quite know for how long, but his gaze broke when he felt how Joes hand slipped out from his own and he was watching as if it was in slowmotion when Joes hand fell numb to the hard floor. \" No...no...\" Ned pleaded, more tears spilled from his stormy eyes as he wrapped his arms around his childhood friend's lifeless body, feeling how the warmth slowly left it. For several hours did Ned Kelly hold his best friend Joseph Byrne in a tight embrace, his face buried in Joes neck, as he cried into it. Joseph Byrne died at the age of 23 and he was known as the lieutenant in the Kelly Gang. ","Summary":" Ned rounded the corner of the room, glass of broken windows on the floor, people screaming and the "},{"Movie":"Ned Kelly","Title":"That Fateful Day","Author":"tricksters apprentice","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1724544","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ThatnFateful Day Summary:n(Ned Kelly) Bit of an AU. Ned arrives just in time to see Joendie. One-shot. Let usnbegin. -----Joe'snPOV----- Being atnthe inn was a comfortable change to hiding in the bush. I mean,nhonestly, we got drinks here! That's always a plus in my opinion.n Being a full-blooded Irishman meant enjoying my ale, which wasnprecisely what I was able to do when housing in civilization. \"HeynNed, you wanna come up an' get a drink with me, mate?\" I asked mynfriend. The bloke was in his own head at the moment, notnletting the noise of the circus performers distract him or his ownnmates cajoling to get him out of his funk. \"NahnJoe, I'll just be going for a walk. It's gettin' a bitncramped in here with all the company.\" Dan,nSteve, and I watched him go. I could tell the others were worriednabout him like I was. He had been quite and thinking all day, whichnjust wasn't like him. But we couldn't do anything about itnuntil he got back – and most likely not even then – so we begannto talk. That was the thing about Dan and Steve: the worldncould be ending, but neither would know it. The topics theyndiscussed were always out there, always dragging them into a littlenuniverse all their own. Call me poetic, but in a way, I sawnthem as younger versions of Ned 'n' me. Ned Kelly hadnalways been my best mate and always would be, that much I can tell yanfor certain. With him, there wa'n't any chance ofnbetrayal. Ned knew what he meant to me, knew what loyaltynmeant, and knew what love meant. We were bound, me an' him. nSame with Steve and Dan. With two pairs as strong as usntogether, who would ever be able to stop the Kelly Gang? Pissnon all who try! the drink in It tooknme five minutes to remember that I hadn't gotten my drink and wasnstill indeed thirsty, so I struggled out of the tin armor thatnrestricted my movement and ambled my way through the crowded floornand up to the bar. Many of the patrons were already fullyninebriated, as was shown by the numerous shot glasses littered acrossnthe countertop, but I found a relatively clean one and poured myselfna liberal amount of the glorious drink. Considering for anminute, I raised the glass above my head and a hush fell over thenbarroom crowd. \"Manynmore years in the bush for the Kelly Gang!\" I cried elatedly,nbrandishing my arms but managing to keep all the drink in the glassnand downing the liquor in one swallow. Dan and Steve followednmy lead as the circus erupted into cheers. We may be brigands,nbut we certainly were charmers. The bitter liquid burned mynthroat as it slid down my throat and I shook my head to try and stopnmy eyes from watering. Suddenlynand shot rang out and there was a swift impact and then anothernburning sensation, but this time it was in a place I knew itnshouldn't be: my lower stomach. I didn't really noticenletting go of the shot glass and clutching my abdomen, but thensticky, hot fluid running in between my fingers caught my attentionnpretty fast. Looking down at the blood now pooling in my hands,na thousand thoughts must have run through my head. But the onenthat I kept coming back to was the question of ' how' . nHow did this happen? And then I remembered. The armor,nthe immobility, the frustration – I'd taken my armor off when I'dngone up to get the drink... same one, probably, that was held in thenglass currently smashed at my feet. I was beginning tonseriously regret the whole armor-taking-off decision as I collapsednpainfully against the bar counter, sliding down to the floor. Andnthen cometh the avenging angel. -----Ned'snPOV----- Being innthe inn was a great change to sleeping outside but being constantlynsurrounded by walls was a feeling I hadn't had in quite a while. nBeing in the brush had become the norm, so the new situation wasnbeginning to make me feel claustrophobic and twitchy. I couldnsee the others' faces but I wasn't registering them, even thoughntheir concern was humbling. My gang was my life, but I'dnalways been the one to do the protecting and worrying, never needingnit. The years when I was in prison were probably the worst ofnmy life, not because of the work or the guards slander and abuse, butnbecause I couldn't take care of the ones I loved. And notnjust that, either. I couldn't take care of them and I knewnthat I was hurtin' 'em. Just the thought of any of themncryin' over me was enough to bring tears to my own eyes. For somenreason, Joe had been a constant in his mind throughout mynimprisonment, even more so than my sister, mother, or even Dan. nThoughts 'bout how he was doing would always be there; worriesnabout if he'd gotten 'imself into some kinda trouble kept me upnmore nights than any other nightmares put together. Joe wasndifferent, he was special, and he didn't deserve to be locked upnlike everyone else – he didn't deserve to be locked up like me. n Maybe that's why we've always been a pair – oppositesnattract and all. Dan was blood and Steve was his friend, so Infelt some obvious obligation to protect them, but with Joe... I knewnhe was with me because he wanted to be. Not outta duty ornbecause he was roped into it, but because he wanted to be with me andnbe a part o' what I was doing. He's my best mate... ifnanything were to happen to him because he wanted to be in my life... Tha'snit. Therenwas a voice in my head... weren't m' thoughts s'posed to be menown? ' Enough o' the trip down memory lane. Enoughno' dreading the future. Time for a walk.' Maybenbeing back in the open would do me good; I'd just have to make surenthe stay out of plain sight from the roads. There were woods tonthe side of the inn – a perfect place to clear one's head. \"HeynNed, you wanna come up an' get a drink with me, mate?\" nJoe. Didn't he know that he wa'n't s'posed to be thencaretaker? A rush of affection took over me when I caught hisnworried gaze in mine and I shook my head slightly, givin' him ansmall smile. \"NahnJoe, I'll just be going for a walk. It's gettin' a bitncramped in here with all the company.\" Company o' mynmemories and fears. A walk would be good. The coolnnight air felt good against my sweaty face. Even though it wasnsummer, the temperature was still bearable in the day and downrightnpleasant at night. Australia was different from Ireland, that'snfor certain. Not nearly as much rain, and it had damn goodntemperatures. I sighed contentedly and began to walk away fromnthe inn. The pathnI'd picked was well trod, though it was up in the air who hadnwalked it before me. This place was pretty deserted in thenheight of tourist season and there weren't many people in the arean'round the inn, so best I could guess was the some adventurous kidnhad wandered up here outta curiosity and scared his poor ma half tondeath before he'd wandered back again. But I'd come outnhere to stop thinking. Emptying my head, I let myself meandernalong. It hadnbarely been five minutes when I snapped my head up, looking back thenway I had just come. I could've sworn those were gunshots Inheard, but that couldn't be. No... there it was again. Dreadnlaced through my being, turning my feet back and retracing my path atntwice the speed I'd made it. In two minutes (too long) I'dncome up on the back of the inn. Gunfire, it was unmistakablennow. Tearing to the inn and pushing open the side door, I wasnmet with the most horrifying sight I had ever seen. -----NormalnPOV----- Nednpushed the door open frantically, and was met with a horrible sight.n Windows were broken from the bullets pouring in from thenoutside. He glanced out one of the windows quickly to size upnthe attacking force and was disappointed when his eyes registerednmore than the four of them could deal with, about twenty to twentynfour in all. Dan and Steve he could find easily, seeing asnthey were the only form of resistance with all of the performers andntownspeople fleeing through the back door. ' But one'snmissing. Where's Joe?' Ned thought, panic threateningnto overwhelm him. Just then, as his eyes swept over the smallnroom, he saw a figure slumped against the bar with blood pooling allnaround him. Terror was the only emotion the gang leader couldnregister after the sight greeted his eyes. \"JOE!\"nhe screamed in anguish. Joe raised his head weakly at hisnfriend's cry, the blood loss already making his vision blur and hisneyes unfocused slightly. Ned was fighting his way to him,npicking off anyone who was in his way. Finally reaching hisnfallen comrade, the elder Kelly knelt in front of him, dropping hisngun and desperately pressing his hands onto the wound to stop thenbleeding. It was futile and both of them knew it, though onlynone could admit it. \"Itnwon't stop, oh God it won't STOP!\" Ned cried, fear written allnover his features and coating his voice so thickly one would think itnwas his own life leaking away in the form of a sticky red liquid.n Glancing up quickly to meet Joe's eyes, he did a double takenas he noticed how they were dimming. \"Joe! Joe, don't youndare leave me! Don't go before your time! Me, Dan, andnSteve, we'll take care of you. This li'l shot, it won'tnbe the thing to do ya in, Joe. Please, I'm begging you, don'tngive up!\" The injured man shook his head weakly. \"Younand the police seem to have different opinions on when my time to dienis. And I don't think I can hold on much longer.\" Joenwhispered. Ned shook his head desperately, trying to deny thentruth they both knew was naked before them and the Death that hoverednbefore them, but the reality of the situation made itself known bynthe wetness covering his hands. Joe's life was slippingnthrough his fingers and all Ned could do was watch. With thenlast of his failing strength, Joe brought his blood soaked hand upnand put it on Ned's shoulder in a gesture of comfort. Nednresponded by covering that hand with his own and reaching out hisnother bloody hand behind Joe's head and neck, his thumb strokingnJoe's cheek; he hoped to impart some comfort of his own to his dyin– wounded friend. They remained that way, completelynoblivious to Dan and Steve's efforts to keep the cops away, untilnJoe's wheezing breath came no more. Losing the battle to keepnthe tears at bay, Ned wept openly, calling his friend's name as anway of begging him to come back, but the sightless eyes still lockednon his face showed that Joe Byrne had passed from the world of thenliving. On thenday, that fateful day, of June 28th, 1888, Joe Byrne,nsecond-in-command and best friend to Ned Kelly, died from a gunshotnwound to the groin. It symbolized the end of the Kelly Gang.n They will always be remembered as Australian legends. -------------------- A/N:nreview! it is part of my diet! an essential part, i might add. ","Summary":" ThatnFateful Day Summary:n(Ned Kelly) Bit of an AU. Ned arrives just in time to see Joendie. One-sh"},{"Movie":"Wicker Man","Title":"May Eve","Author":"Solstice4","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2605894","Passage":"[Chapter 1] For Christopher Lee, my Lord Summerisle . . . \"A heathen, conceivably, but not, I hope, an unenlightened one.\" The Wicker Man May Eve This story, \"May Eve\", is based on the extended, 102-minute cut of \"The Wicker Man\", which is the best available in the United States. Itrnexamines May Eve, the night before the Day of Death and Rebirth, the thoughts and feelings of some of the islanders, how they spend thisrnstrange evening, and the struggle of emotion experienced by the island's leader as he prepares to pass the point of no return. Everything takesrnplace between the scenes on May Eve, except for the epilog, which takes place some number of weeks afterward. All the characters hereinrnwere created by Robin Hardy and the late Anthony Shaffer and are owned by whoever owns copyright to \"The Wicker Man\". This story andrnits situations were created by me, purely for my own enjoyment, with no interest in or expectation of compensation of any kind. I have made a few small additions: First of all, I have assigned Broome, Lord Summerisle's piper and houseman, the last name of Lennox, tornMiss Rose I have given the surname of MacKinnon, an appropriate Hebridian name, and to the Librarian, tall and slender beauty, I haverngiven the name of Iris. I also took the liberty of giving a first name, Bay, to Lord Summerisle. Many people on Summerisle are named after trees. The bay laurel treernis a very beautiful and useful tree, a steadfast friend to man, and its leaves, in the form of the laurel wreath, have crowed champions forrncenturies. Its Latin name is \"Laurus nobilis\". I thought it a very appropriate name for a strong character who must champion his people in arnvery difficult way. Chapter One: The Laird and the Lady Lord Summerisle strolled back to the piano as the policeman's angry footsteps receded toward the front hall. He reseated himself at thernkeyboard and began to play again, knowing the music would follow the sergeant mockingly out. The great doors slammed shut with arnhollow boom, and Lord Summerisle and Miss Rose winced in unison. Summerisle stopped playing as the echo of the slamming doorrndied away . . . Miss Rose stopped keeping time with her goblet. Summerisle's hands lay idle on the keyboard of the piano, and hernlooked at Miss Rose with a grim smile. \"There he goes, striding intrepidly out into the darkness.\" Rose pushed her bright hair off her shoulders and raised her goblet to her lips again. \"May it cool him off. That's a long chilly walk backrnto the village.\" \"Oh, he's well set for it. He's seething so badly he'll be halfway there before his ears have time to get cold.\" Summerisle closed the coverrndown over the piano keys and got up from the bench, standing with hands on hips and looking down at Rose. She held out her freernhand and he settled down crosslegged on the fur rug Rose was reclining on. He arranged his kilt properly, and propped his chin on hisrnhand. \"No more music, my lord?\" she asked innocently. \"No. I'm tired of \"The Tinker of Rye\", although, it did set our sergeant on the boil, didn't it?\" They laughed, but after a momentrnSummerisle sighed and looked down at his hands. \"You know, leading the hunter is one thing, but it's wrong of us to tease him andrnlaugh at him,\" he said softly. \"This gift that he will give us . . . we should be carrying him on our shoulders back to the village. Both ofrnus were at our pompous worst just now, and he deserves our compassion, not our derision.\" Rose reached over and took her lord'srnhand, a little ashamed of herself. He was right, as he had a way of being. There was a tap on the library door, and they both looked up. \"Yes?\" said Summerisle. The door opened halfway and Broome, LordrnSummerisle's houseman, stuck his head into the room. Broome paused for a moment, smiling at the sight of these two communityrnleaders of mature years sitting on the floor and holding hands like teenagers. Then he said, \"Pardon, m'Lord, Miss Rose, but I was justrnwondering if you'd be needing me any more tonight.\" \"No, that's all right, Broome. Are you heading down to the Green Man?\" \"Aye, m'Lord, and will probably stay in the village tonight, with your leave.\" \"Of course, Broome. It's the eve of our greatest May Day. Enjoy yourself.\" Broome touched his forehead and started to close the door, then hesitated. \"By your leave, Miss Rose,\" he said, \"It's lovely to see yournback again.\" He glanced at Summerisle, and said with a twinkle, \"Isn't it, Your Lordship?\" His Lordship gave Broome a long, level look. \"Yes,\" he said forbiddingly. \"Have a lovely night, Broome.\" The houseman flashed MissrnRose his pretty smile, and she blew him a kiss. Then Broome closed the door behind him. Rose and Summerisle looked at each otherrnand Summerisle pursed his lips. Rose laughed and patted Summerisle's knee. \"He loves you, my dear. He doesn't like to see you alone.\" \"Yes, yes. I know.\" Rose looked down, drew a spiral pattern with her forefinger in the fur of the rug. \"It's not so late, my lord, but suddenly I feel a littlernsleepy. It must be the excellent wine.\" She lowered her eyelids at him over the top of her goblet. Summerisle reached over, took the goblet from her, and set it decisively on the floor. Then, moving with a startling quickness usuallyrnmasked by a deceptively lazy manner, he slid his hand into her hair and pulled her face to his, kissed her long and thoroughly, and thenrnsat back again with a smug smile. \"There,\" he said. \"Sleepy, my foot.\" He got to his feet and offered Rose his hand. She took it and he pulled her up. Before she could steady herself, Summerisle had seizedrnher up in his arms and had gone for her neck with his teeth. \"Now damn it, don't bite,\" she said, wriggling. \"You know it gives me thernvery gooseflesh when you do that.\" He laughed down at her. \"Why?\" \"I don't know. It just does.\" She looked him in the eye and brushed her blonde bangs back into place. \"All right, all right. How about this then?\" He slid his arm down under her bottom, scooped her up bodily, and started towards the stairsrnwith her. She let her head drop against his shoulder and sighed, pretending to be exasperated. \"My dear, you can't possibly carry me uprnthe staircase like this,\" she said, even though she knew he was perfectly capable of doing so if he wanted to. \"Shall I toss you like a caber?\" She laughed. \"Beast. I'll toss your caber for you.\" At the foot of the staircase Summerisle stood her on her feet, laughing and slightly breathless. \"God, I hope so,\" he said, grinning rather wolfishly. Rose blinked up at her lord, wanting to laugh with him, and wanting to make sure it was all right. \"Why this sudden jolly turn?\" He blinked right back. \"Can I not find cheer in the company of my lovely lady?\" he asked, trying on innocence like a new hat that didn'trnfit quite right. He took her hand and they started up the stairs, and after a moment she slipped an arm companionably around his waist. At the top of the stairs he scooped her up again, ignoring her laughing protest. \"Are you in a hurry, by any chance?\" she asked. \"Whyrnwould I be in a hurry?\" he said with a dangerous smile. \"It's only May Eve. How else should we celebrate?\" He carried her easily, not tornhis own grand bedchamber, but to a smaller, warmer bedchamber that she had always liked better. It was done in greens and a littlernbrown, and the pretty white-trimmed hearth was already burning nicely. \"Dear Broome, he thinks of everything,\" Summerisle said,rnpleased. He stood Rose on her feet before the fire, and they exchanged a long embrace. \"I missed you,\" she said softly. He smiled at herrnin the dim light and very gently pinched her cheek. She reached up to undo the square silver buttons of his black Montrose doublet andrnuntie the lace jabot at his throat. She helped him off with the tight sleeves of the traditional garment, which he hung on the back of arnchair along with the heavy kilt belt. Summerisle sighed and rubbed his neck when Rose undid the first few buttons of his shirt. \"Beastlyrncollar,\" he said. Then, \"How have I managed for these few weeks without you?\" Rose smiled mysteriously at her lord. \"I can't imagine,\" she said archly, and ensconced herself on the bed. She lay with one arm on thernpillow above her head, a feast laid out just for him. \"Here comes a candle to light you to bed,\" she said to him, and he laughed andrnfinished the couplet. \"Here comes a chopper to chop off your head!\" Summerisle stretched out on the bed beside Rose and put a hand over his eyes, rubbing at the bridge of his nose. After a moment hernrolled over onto his elbow and looked down at Rose in the firelight, his hair falling over his forehead, looking both younger and olderrnthan his years. In the hesitant light she noticed shadows under his eyes; she knew he had not been sleeping well of late. This dangerousrnthing they were planning, it had been preying on the minds of their inner circle for a long time, but Summerisle as their leader hadrnstruggled with it most of all. A knot popped in the fireplace; he turned his head toward it for a second, and Rose felt a sudden chill asrnshe saw the flames reflected in his eyes. To distract him she slid her hands under his shirt, running her nails lightly up his ribs. He drewrnin a sharp breath, and Rose felt with satisfaction that after all their years together she still had the power to make him shiver.rnSummerisle glanced over at the fireplace again, though, as if seeing the morrow and what needed to be done on the morrow in its softerrnflames. \"Stop looking at the fire, and look at me. It's May Eve, my lord,\" Rose whispered, and pulled him down to kiss him. He veryrndeliberately unbuttoned each button of her blue caftan, and leaned down to gather her in his arms and kiss the hollow of her throat andrnalong her jaw before finding her mouth again. His hands wandered over her, knowing from their long experience of her exactly wherernto go, and her blood began to sing the familiar song it always did for him and no one else, tonight a May Eve hymn. But then . . . Cursernit, she thought. Now he's got methinking of it, and of that man who will save us. So by the goddess of the orchard, let us make thernmagic together tonight to make sure of it. By force she put it out of her conscious mind, anxious for a moment that her body wouldrnobey her worry and not her will. But her lord's hands were strong and sure, and his eyes were dark and deep, and for now, all thatrnmattered was the flood tide of May Eve rising to engulf them both.[Chapter 2] After the Siren Sang Willow MacGregor, probably the most desired woman on Summerisle, lay alone in her bed on May Eve, covered only with one of her prettiest lacy sheets, a-tremble with frustration and anger. \"I knew it was a bloody test,\" she thought. \"It wasn't supposed to succeed.\" She thought of the pretty blonde police sergeant, probably lying as wakeful in his bed on the other side of the wall as she was in hers, and wanted to march right into his room and slap him. She knew that the laird wouldn't have asked her to dance the come-hither magic if he hadn't had complete confidence in her ability to walk the line between too much success and not enough failure, but still. It had drained her to the point of exhaustion with nothing to show for it. Damn! She lay listening to the music and laughter coming up the stairs from the pub, glanced at the friendly face of her little clock, and saw that there was a couple of hours before lock-up. There was still plenty of time to find someone to sweeten this angry bed of hers and celebrate May Eve with, but there was also a great temptation to just lie still and feel sorry for herself. A tap came on Willow's door and she said, \"Yes, come in.\" She sat up, bare to the waist, her glorious golden hair spilling over her shoulders. Even now she was hoping in spite of herself to see their anointed guest. Instead, her father's quizzical face introduced itself around the doorjamb. \"Safe to come in, lamb?\" he asked. She sighed and pulled up the sheet. \"Of course, Da.\" He came in and shut the door behind him. \"Keep yer voice down,\" he said softly. \"I suspect yon policeman has got ears like a bat.\" \"Humph,\" she muttered. \"Yon policeman.\" And suddenly she was crying, angry sobs that she muffled with her pillow. Alder MacGregor rolled his eyes and set his pint down on her little night table with a thump. \"Och, lass,\" he said, putting his arm around his daughter. \"It's all that power with nowhere to go that's upsetting you. Come downstairs and work some of it off. May Eve is no time to be weeping, for the god's sake. I know! Broome Lennox from the manor just came in a bit ago, ready for some fun. What would you say to him?\" \"Humph,\" Willow said again, grumpy now. \"Why would I want to settle for the laird's man when I've had the laird himself?\" Alder set his daughter back and looked at her, surprised. \"When did that happen, and why didn't you tell me ? That's a feather in your cap, that is.\" \"Oh Da! For heaven's sake! Must I confide every tumble in the orchard?\" \"Ha, with the laird I doubt very much it was just a tumble in the orchard.\" Willow shot sparks at him from her flaming blue eyes. Alder only laughed and gently chucked his daughter under her perfect chin. \"Ah, well, all that lovely magic you were making, it rebounded on you, and now it's making you angry.\" Alder retrieved his pint from the night table and took a long pull. \"It's also rebounding on the whole taproom downstairs, and there are lots of pink cheeks shining, and lots of meaningful looks shooting about down there. We can't let all that go to waste, now can we? Come on, lass, dry your tears, there's a good girl. Come downstairs and have a wee dram with us, and if the laird's man doesn't suit you, why, maybe the laird himself will show up by and by.\" \"Not he,\" said she. \"Rose is up at the house tonight.\" \"Oh ho!\" said MacGregor, who lived for gossip. He leaned closer and said conspiratorially, \"Just he and she? The two of them back again, is it? I thought they had a little spot of trouble recently.\" Willow began to answer, but they both paused, looking at the same time at the common wall that separated Willow's room from the guest's. They could both feel his curiosity - was he eavesdropping? Alder's eyebrow raised, and he glanced from the wall to Willow. She smiled, eyes narrowing, then continued as if nothing had happened, just a little louder. \"They had a bit of trouble at Equinox, but it was just lover's spatting. He can be terribly moody and she won't put up with it. They're over it all by now, you can be sure of that.\" Just a bit louder, she added, \"I expect His Lordship probably has our schoolmistress flat on her back right now . . . or she him.\" She directed this last at the wall, and muffled a giggle with her hand. It was very obvious that everything about their beloved laird irked the priggish policeman no end, and after the way the copper had thwarted her magic, it was a pleasure to poke him. \"What do you think of that?\" Willow threw off her sheet and went to get her clothes. \"Och, Da, nothing at all. Just an afternoon's play for us both, and pleasant it was.\" For the sergeant's benefit she cupped a hand to her mouth and added more loudly, \"Our laird's a man who knows his way around a woman.\" Somehow she knew that would anger the eavesdropper most of all. Alder MacGregor laughed, and Willow continued, \"But really, Da, he's too old for me. Rose is the one he'll always go back to. He's got a will of iron, does our laird, but she's got the spine of steel to match him and face him down when he needs it. And with the hard job of work that's ahead of him tomorrow, he needs her by him.\" Let the little sergeant chew on that. Hard job of work, indeed. \"I don't know why the laird doesn't just marry the woman and be done with it,\" Alder said, leaning against the corner of the wardrobe. \"What a party that would be! There'd be naked folk in every hedgerow.\" Willow slapped a hand over her mouth to catch a bray of laughter, and elbowed her father. Don't overdo it, Da! \"Oh, I suspect they'll handfast yet\", she said, \"especially now that this year will be better. Neither of them are getting any younger, after all,\" Willow said, opening the wardrobe's door. \"But I don't think she wants to live in the great house, though. She likes her own little cottage.\" \"Well, leave it to you to know what's in everyone's mind for a mile around.\" He chuckled, watching as the splendid young woman studied her clothes, standing naked as the day she was born, without a thought for her father's presence. \"I wonder what our guest would think of you standing natural born naked in front of your own father. Broome Lennox says the man nearly had an apoplexy over nothing more than the wee kids dancing naked up at the stone circle - raised his voice to His Lordship and everything.\" He smiled, feeling the wave of indignation coming from the neighboring room, and knew their guest was certainly listening closely. Ears like a bat indeed! Willow half turned in the act of pulling her blue sleeveless dress from the closet. \"And why shouldn't you see me? You bathed my wee bottom when Mother went back to the earth and it was just you and me. You have more right to see me naked than any man on this island, and that includes the laird, the doctor, and our blessed guest.\" Alder smiled as Willow pulled that pretty blue dress over her head, smoothed it over her seal-curve hips and adjusted that perfect bosom, that needed no beastly brassiere. He liked that dress on her. He had bought it for her himself on a rare trip to Edinburgh. The flawless sapphire blue of the silk reflected in her eyes till they were so blue they could hurt your heart, and that reminded him of her mother. He finished off his pint and held up the dead soldier. \"Come on, I feel the need for a pint,\" he said. \"It's been a while since I had one.\" Willow laughed as she ran a brush through her marvelous golden hair and slipped her feet into her dancing shoes. She went over to her father and put her arms around him. \"Thank you, Da. I feel ever so much better now.\" He smiled fondly at her. \"That's my fine girl. Now, there's a taproom full of twinkling eyes waiting for you to brighten it a little.\" \"Well then, come on, Da\", she said, her cerulean eyes now shining like a June sky, her blue funk thrown off like a threadbare cloak. \"Let's go down and have some fun.\" She shot of look of fire at yonder bedroom wall. \"Policemen . . . ha!\"[Chapter 3] In the Cool of the Evening \"Sing me a song of a lad that is gone, Say, could that lad be I . . . Merry of heart, he sailed on a day, Over the sea to Skye . . .\" May Morrison rocked and sang softly beside the open window, the soft breeze blowing the smells of apple blossomrnand the sea over her and her sleeping daughter. May looked worriedly down at her little girl, who lay curledrnagainst her ample bosom. \"At least you're sleeping now, little sprite,\" May said softly. Little Myrtle sighed and slipped deeper into sleep, and May gently stroked her fever-chapped cheek. Such a time ofrnthe year to have a bad cold, and probably a little hayfever as well. Mr. Lennox's wild-cherry-bark syrup had takenrncare of the nasty cough, but the temperature had not wanted to go down. It had started with a sore throat the dayrnbefore, which was why the child had been at home drawing hares instead of being in school when the littlernsergeant had come round to call. Myrtle had been restless and scratchy for a couple of days, and had really gonerndown that afternoon. She had thrown a massive whinge at having to take the strong infusion of bitter willowbarkrnfor her fever, but a couple of spoonfuls of His Lordship's wonderful pear brandy had soothed Myrtle and let her gornto sleep, and now she lay snug in her mother's arms in the creaking rocker. May gazed out of the window, over the tops of the neighboring roofs and over the harbor. Her eye rested on thernlittle blue and white seaplane anchored there, rocking gently in the evening breeze, and her humming stopped.rnWhat a day tomorrow would be, she thought. What an event. What a risk we take, and how worth it it will be. Herrnmind drifted back across the terrible winter, then farther back to the terrifying autumn. Autumn was usually such arnmarvelous time on Summerisle, full of feasting and festivals, abundance springing forth everywhere, the island hip-deep in magnificent produce of every kind. Not last autumn, though. There had been almost no apples, andrnincome had been very lean. For once the fisherfolk had done better than the farming folk. Even people's kitchenrngardens had done poorly. A lot of food had had to be imported at a great cost. The island had always beenrnprosperous, and there had been help for those who needed it. But if whatever disaster that had fallen on their cropsrnfell again this year, there was no telling what would happen. The inner circle that dispensed power on the island, Miss Rose and her two priestesses, Willow and Iris, the circlernof elders, and of course the laird, had had their heads together for a long time, trying to figure out what was wrongrnand what to do about it. The laird had gone about pale and silent, poor darling, obviously wrestling in his heartrnwith something very difficult. He had even gone to the mainland several times with the Rose , which was highlyrnunusual. Then the proclamation at the Vernal Equinox about what would be happening on May Day, and after therninitial astonishment had worn off, people began to take the idea and run with it. May's heart swelled to think of it, both with pride that her daughter Rowan had been chosen to participate in therngreat hunt, and with certainty that they would be successful. Their island would burgeon again. There would be nornhunger this winter, no sickness, and no worry that they would have to lose their laird to the Wicker Man. The veryrnthought of that made May feel ill. The islanders of Summerisle loved their laird fiercely and were very protective ofrnhim, because they knew he felt the same way about them. Although she knew that if it ever came to such a terriblernpass, he would walk straight and steady into the Man's arms, she could hardly bear to think of such a thing. May both revered and feared the Man, like everyone else on the island, and the thought of climbing up the stepsrninto his belly made her catch her breath with fright, as it would any sane person. She clamped down on the fearrnthat came into her heart at the thought of what would happen to that handsome young police sergeant tomorrow.rnBut to think, that his soul should fly with the Lord Nuada . . . May sighed, and shook her head to clear it of such thoughts. Then she smiled to hear laughter and running feet inrnthe street below. Informal May Eve festivities were in full swing - the blossoming of spring in the air brought outrnthe urge to run, to laugh, to catch and possess, in all the young people. Not so many years ago she had run in thernstreet and into the field beyond as well, and her beautiful Rowan had been the result of one May Eve's chasernthrough the sweet orchards. May sometimes pitied the people of the mainland, which seemed like another world tornher. Those people seemed to have no love, no warmth. They certainly did not run and laugh on May Eve. They didrnnot give and receive plentiful hugs and kisses from friend and family, and seemed so cold and distant, even fromrnthose they loved. They lived in fear of their bizarre dead god, and there were strangers all around them. OnrnSummerisle, there was no such thing as a stranger. There came a knock on the street door downstairs, and a call. \"May! Oh May, are ye to home?\" She stuck her head out the window and saw Iris, one of Miss Rose's two priestess acolytes, standing in the streetrnalong with one of the young men that worked on the Rose of Summerisle , Dolph, short for Dolphin, she thought hisrnname was, an older man whose face she couldn't make out, and Periwinkle, one of the elderly ladies who spentrnmost of their time gossiping in the island beauty shop. \"Just a minute!\" May said out the window. \"I was rockingrnMyrtle . . . let me lay her down.\" She got up from the chair, grunting a little with her daughter's sleeping weightrnin her arms, and laid her on her little bed. The child's cheeks did seem cooler now. Sleep was the great healer.rnMay covered Myrtle with her blankets and closed the window, and hurried down the stairs to open the door. Iris and friends stepped inside. \"May!\" Iris said. \"Let Periwinkle stay here and watch the little girl for you, and yourngo and enjoy yourself. Here's our man of the bread to squire you, and me and Dolph to see you don't get yourselvesrninto a lot of trouble!\" May did see then that the man whose face she couldn't make out was Birch Lovat, who ranrnthe bakery. \"Why Birch!\" she cried, suddenly feeling merrier than she had in days. \"I didn't know you cared!\" The baker grinned and sketched her a little bow. \"Well now you do! And lucky I am, to be squiring the mother ofrnthe Queen of the May and the handsomest woman in Summerisle!\" May laughed as she retrieved her sweater and touched her hair. \"Flattery gets you everywhere, Birch. Are you surernyou'll be all right with Myrtle, Peri?\" The elderly lady laughed too. \"Yes! You know how many of my own little ones I've raised. I know how to dosernperfectly well, and probably won't have to. She'll have naught but a scratchy throat in the morning. Now, my daysrnof running in the orchard are over, but I can do my part to make sure the orchard still gets run in! Go! Go on andrnshow these young ones what May Eve is all about!\" May hugged Peri and let herself be swept out her own door. Iris and Dolph were already running ahead, their eyesrnfull of the wildness of the spring night, the tall, beautiful blonde librarian laughing over her shoulder at thernhandsome young sailor. They turned to wave at the older couple and disappeared around the corner, and Birch andrnMay both heard laughter floating behind them. They smiled at each other. \"Well, May darling, it's just us old folks then,\" Birch smiled, offering his arm. She took it and they walked offrndown the street. \"Speak for yourself!\" May laughed. \"Where shall we go? I've become a bit too . . .dignified . . . over time to bernromping in the orchard.\" Birch sighed. \"It's hell to get old, isn't it?\" He laughed and ducked as she aimed a mock swat at him. \"How about arnnice pint down to Alder's, and we'll take it from there?\" May smiled up at her escort, wondering what it might be like to be married to him. He was a widower and she hadrnnever married, always running her own business and raising her girls. Hmm, if he was interested, well, perhaps itrnwas worth thinking about. \"That sounds lovely, although you'll forgive me if I have white wine instead of a pint.\" Birch shook his head. \"Suit yourself, although the tastes of women baffle me. White wine! Brr!\" They passed an little side alley that led into someone's lovely green courtyard, and saw that they had caught uprnwith the librarian and her seafaring partner . . . they were standing in the shadows there, twined up in each other'srnarms and kissing passionately. Birch and May both smiled and kept walking. \"Ah, May Eve,\" he sighed. \"Magic'srneverywhere.\" May squeezed Birch's arm. \"Well, maybe we'll see if we can make some too,\" she said with what she hoped was arnpromising smile. \"May!\" Birch looked down at her with genuine pleasure and surprise. \"What a lovely thing to say,\" he said. \"Irnreally hadn't dared to hope.\" Suddenly May felt full of life, buoyed by the splendid spring evening, and laughed delightedly. \"Hope springsrneternal, my dear!\" she said. \"Come on, you can buy me that pint after all.\" Back at May's home, Myrtle had awakened and cried for her mother, but Peri, who Myrtle knew well, soothed herrnand made her some hot milk and honey. Peri sat in the rocking chair while Myrtle sat in her lap and sipped thernwarm milk. The child said, \"Mummy was singing about \"over the sea to Skye\" to me. Do you know that song?\" \"Why yes I do, Miss Myrtle. That song was very old when I was a little girl like you are now. There, finish yourrnmilk, and I'll sing it.\" Peri too could see the seaplane from this window, and shivered just a little for the cold chillrnin her heart. She pulled a blanket around the little girl and began to rock and sing. \"Billow and breeze, Island and seas, Mountains of rain and sun, All that was good, All that was fair, All that was me is gone . . . Sing me a song of a lad that is gone Say could that lad be I Merry of heart, he sailed on a day, Over the sea to Skye . . . \"[Chapter 4] In The Turning of the Night Rose slipped noiselessly down the stairs, a tartan rug wrapped around her shoulders. A thin gown was fine in arnsoft bed with a warm man, but even in summer, this great house was chilly at night. She found her way through therndark house and into the library by memory and moonlight, and saw her lord sitting in his great leather chair, longrnlegs stretched toward the fire and ankles crossed. A brandy snifter hung neglected in one hand. She crossed thernroom to him silently, bare feet whispering across parquet and carpet. \"My lord,\" Rose whispered, kneeling beside the great chair. He seemed not to hear her, seemed lost in some mentalrnlandscape where she could not join him. She frowned a little, laid a hand on his forearm. She leaned closer. \"Bay,\"rnshe said in his ear. Summerisle jumped a little, looking around at her, and the brandy snifter in his hand slipped. She caught it beforernit could fall and put it down gently on the floor. He smiled fondly at her. \"You're the only one who calls me that,\"rnhe said. \"If anyone should be able to call you by your name, it'd be me, I'd suppose,\" she said with a little asperity. \"I'd suppose,\" he said, and smiled at her again, a tired smile that hurt her heart a little. He extended his hand tornher, and she took it. He drew her onto his lap and she leaned against him. \"Having trouble sleeping?\" he askedrnsoftly. \"I could ask the same of you,\" she replied gently, twisting a bit to look down at him. \"The Old Ones know, neitherrnof us should be having trouble sleeping at the moment. \" Summerisle chuckled a little. \"No.\" His arm tightened around her waist and he leaned his head against her side.rn\"I've been doing a lot of praying, Rose.\" She felt tears sting her eyes. \"I know you have\". The firelight flickered over his face as he stared without blinking into the flames. \"I've listened for the gods in myrnheart. Over this whole terrible year, I've listened like I've never listened before. And what I've heard is, \"Ourrnpeople suffered in the winter cold, and where were you? We've given you everything, and where are you now?rnYour people are the only ones who still love us. You are their father: give us power, that we may bless themrnagain.\" Then I think of that innocent man down there in his room at the Green Man. I know he has a life andrnloved ones, colleagues who will hunt for him - we must be very careful there - and a woman promised, who willrngrieve when he is lost. He's mightily connected to this life of his as he's built it. Powerful as she is, our Willowrncould not budge him.\" Rose's jaw tightened. \"You felt it, then?\" \"I felt the magic spiral up and die down again, unfulfilled. I can feel Willow's weariness even now. He's passedrnher test. And because he has, he will die to save the lives of people he does not know, never understandingrnanything but his own terror. Can it be right, that one man should die to save many? But . . . another winter like thernlast one, and our people will start to die.\" His voice caught and he fell silent. Rose's arm tightened around his shoulders, feeling the coldness of the flesh under his silk dressing gown. Sherntugged her blanket around to share its warmth with him. \"He would do the same to us, and never think twice,\" shernsaid softly. \"If it were still the time of the hunting, he would be first to throw his torch at the foot of our stake.\" She felt more than saw his frown. \"But it's not that time anymore. He is the one we need, and while both hisrnblindness and his arrogance are considerable, they are not the issue.\" Rose couldn't help but smile. \"He is an arrogant fellow, isn't he? Marching in here, flinging his dead hare about,rnshouting at a peer of the realm. The little prat.\" Summerisle said nothing, and Rose raised an eyebrow. \"He made you angry when he shouted at you. I saw thernthunder in your face.\" Summerisle shifted Rose into a more comfortable position on his legs. \"He did set a match to my temper, I dornadmit. He despises us, and that adds to my trouble. Am I pursuing this to the bitter end because now that I've metrnhim face to face, I don't like him? If he had turned out to be my heart's brother instead of that little prat yournmentioned, would I end it differently? By the gods, I hope not. I hope my resolve is stronger than that.\" He rubbedrnalong the side of his face with one hand. Rose ran her hand through Summerisle's hair, noticing with a little sadness the many silver strands that had begunrnto encroach there. She remembered him as a teenager, all long legs and elbows and great dark eyes, coming to herrnarms in the first flush of manhood. How could she have imagined then that she would still be beside him when hisrnhair was sown through with gray. She began to massage the back of his neck, feeling his tension. \"You must stoprngoing round and round with yourself like this. You do not stray once you've set a course. Your will has never bentrnonce, all this cold, hard year, or in all the years I've known you. You will do what you have to, to save all our lives,rneven if it breaks your heart.\" Summerisle laughed, a silent, bitter breath. \"If I'm also doing it to save my own life, does that make it any lessrnnoble?\" Rose sighed. \"That's not going to happen and you know it. Now stop it, or you're going to have me crying.\" \"But if it did?\" She took his face in both her hands and made him look up into her eyes. \"If it did, I would go to the Wicker Manrnwith you.\" His eyes widened and he started to speak. She pressed light fingers to his lips and said, \"Shh. That's nornidle promise, for without you, there would be nothing in this world to keep me. Now for the god's sake, don't thinkrnany more about such things.\" Summerisle slid both arms around Rose and held her tightly, and they were quiet forrnlong minutes, both digesting the import of what she had just said. Finally, Summerisle said, \"If I don't think about that, I'm thinking about our man. He doesn't deserve the sufferingrnhe will endure before the gods take him. The intolerant, intractable nature of his faith blinds him to hisrnapproaching fate, luckily for us, but he is intelligent. He's following every clue and putting everything together thatrnwe've given him. He has great power - what a priest he could have made for Avellunau! And by the gods, hernresisted our Willow, and I don't know of any man on this island who's ever done that before, once she cast her eyernupon him.\" Rose chuckled. \"Neither do I,\" she said, looking wisely down at him. He looked at her in a startled way, thenrnpinched her knee gently. She squeezed his shoulders a little, pleased to have turned his dark train of thought, andrnalso to have caught him out. He had the grace to look a little embarrassed, as if a secret of any kind could be keptrnin their community for long. A dalliance or two or three meant nothing to Rose one way or the other. It was thernnature of men and women to attract each other, but her lord always came back to her. Summerisle retrieved his brandy from the floor and offered it to Rose, who sipped, then swallowed the remainingrnbit himself. He looked into the shifting shadows of the fire and said softly, \"This little policeman is like a riverrnbacked up to bursting behind the unbreachable dam of his faith. When his life springs forth beyond the bonds hernlabors in now, and that dam breaks, the power that is unleashed will wash over this island in a great flood. I knowrnit will. I know our island will burgeon again. I know he will be accepted. I've foreseen it.\" There was the softrnsurety of prophecy in his voice, and Rose felt a chill go up her spine. That her lord had the prophetic gift wasrncertain - she had seen it at work before. She was always amazed by people who called it a blessing. \"I just don'trnknow that my resolve will hold to bring this thing to accomplishment,\" Summerisle continued softly. \"How I wishrnthe oracles could have foretold a better way.\" Rose sat very still on her lord's lap, stroking his hair and thinking. So many different levels to this man and torntheir life together. Her lover, her friend, her teacher and her student, her high priest, and the laird of her home. Hernvalued her opinion and sought out her advice. He had made her Lady Summerisle in everything but name, andrnsomeday before long they would get round to that. Whatever happened tomorrow, whatever they gained andrnwhatever it cost, she would be beside him. She shifted herself to put her arms around him, and squeezed tight. \"Irnwill be there with you. I will give you everything I have, not because you are the high priest or my laird, Bay, butrnbecause I love you with all my heart. I have loved you since we were children. You know that.\" Summerisle hid his face in her neck. \"I know it, my darling Rose,\" he whispered, his voice just a little unsteady.rn\"This will be the hardest thing I have ever done. If I have your strength beside me, I can do this thing and myrndetermination will not flag. Just stay close to me, up on that headland tomorrow.\" Rose rested her cheek on the top of her lord's head. \"I will. I promise I will. But you must remember too, that thernpeople must not see or feel one shadow of doubt or fear. They have come to believe that this one life will save andrnnurture many others, and I too unswervingly believe this to be so. But one doubt from you, and they will see it. Yournmust be relentless, because if there is one chink in this armor of magic we build tomorrow, it will all collapse. Yournknow this to be true.\" He squeezed her hands. \"I know it.\" Rose took his face in her hands again, and looked hard into his eyes. \"Tomorrow you cannot be Bay, the genialrnfriend who comes to the Green Man and sits in the taproom drinking MacGregor's ale with the doctor and thernschoolmaster. You cannot be the smiling laird that the children surround and hang from when they see him in thernhigh street. You may pretend outwardly to be that man tomorrow, but inwardly you must be Lord Summerisle, thernleader and father and High Priest of everyone on this island of ours, and you cannot let your heart soften your will.rnHe must die that we may continue to live.\" Her blue eyes stared down into his dark ones, and for a moment it wasrnunclear who was master. Then in the last of the firelight she saw something come into his eyes that she had seen before, and she shivered arnlittle. She had experienced his lightning mood changes for years and had never gotten entirely used to them.rnSummerisle stood her up and quickly rose from his chair, not flinching even though his legs had to be full of pinsrnand needles. He towered over her, looking down at her with eyes suddenly black and fathomless, his handsrngrasping her shoulders tightly enough to be painful. \"Gently, Johnny,\" she whispered. \"Try not to hurt me.\" Hernsaid nothing, but lifted her by the shoulders and took her mouth, not hurting but close to it, not giving butrndemanding. Rose knew he would die before he would hurt her deliberately, but nevertheless she would be bruisedrntomorrow. A rush of fear and desire came over her. She knew her warm and kindly lover was gone for a while. Hernhad taken her advice, and her warning, to heart, as he always did. Before her now stood a being of fearsome powerrnwhose will, once set in motion, would not, could not stop, till the day was done and the task accomplished. And shernwas the one who had deliberately awakened him. Another day's time would see the end of this, but for now he must shield his heart, from everything, even from her,rnor he would be destroyed by this dreadful task that lay before him as surely as their anointed guest would be. Shernwould pay any price to keep that from happening. A little sadness came into her heart, and she wished for him tornlook at her with love again, not in this cold and commanding way. This was the one part of him she could notrnshare in, but only give to as charged by her lord. People thought that it was just His Lordship and Miss Rosernspatting when this happened, or when she chose to stay away from him for occasional periods of time. She wouldrnnot do that tonight, though it would cost both of them. The island people thought they knew their laird and hisrnlady, but they did not know everything.[Chapter 5] The Setting of Another Sun PC Hugh McTaggert stood on the quay in Portlochlie harbor, gazing to the west. He was a tall rangy man withrndark curly hair, and a humourous face with laugh lines at the corners of the eyes. But tonight he was not laughing. He walked out to the very end of the breakwater and gazed to the west again,rnlong and long, waiting for the sun to set. According to the official report, Sgt. Neil Howie had never reached Summerisle. When it was determined that hernwas overdue, communication had been established with the single shortwave radio on Summerisle, in the businessrnoffice of the laird of the principality. There had been much alarm, and aircraft and boats had been dispatched fromrnthe mainland, and even the notoriously standoffish island had lent its resources, searching all quarters for thernmissing sergeant. It was a lookout in the crow's nest of the 3-masted schooner Rose of Summerisle who first saw flotsam and raisedrnthe cry. The wreckage of Sgt. Howie's little seaplane had been found. Young strong men of Summerisle pulled forrnthe wreckage in the schooner's rigid inflatable, and began to search through it. A large piece was winched to thernsurface, the schooner's diesel engines thundering as the power winch took up the slack and dragged uprnwaterlogged debris which had been kept floating by trapped air. There was a lot of blood in the shattered cockpit,rnmingling with the seawater than ran through the broken instruments. It was photographed from numerous anglesrnfor the investigators, taking special note of the registration numbers, but there was no way to bring it to shore andrnthe slender schooner was listing dangerously from its weight. So, it was cut loose to sink. The men of Summerislernthrew a handful of coins overboard after it, and poured an entire bottle of good single malt whiskey into the sea.rnThe sergeant's overnight bag was found floating, but no body was ever found. This spring the Gulf Stream watersrnthat surrounded the island were especially warm, following an unexplained deviation in the last growing season,rnand in these balmy waters, sharks were not unknown. It was fortunate, in the official opinion of the Constabulary,rnthat the sailors of Summerisle knew the waters around their island so well, the currents and the deeps and thernunderwater eddies. They were able to find the missing plane so quickly, it was said, that it was almost as if theyrnknew where to look. Although affianced, Sgt. Howie was a single man, and so PC McTaggert, as Sgt. Howie's second, together with thernChief Constable of the West Highland Constabulary himself, had gone first to the cottage of Howie's widowedrnmother. She had received their news first with disbelief and then tears, then with a straight-backed strength thatrnMcTaggert had no trouble recognizing. It had been she who led them to the home of Mary Bannock, and sat downrnwith Mary and her mother to relate the terrible news. Their Neil was gone, Mrs. Howie had told Mary gently, holding both her hands on the kitchen table. That littlernseaplane . . . they had found a defect of some sort in part of the ruination of the craft. At least, thank God, it mustrnhave been quick for him. There, poor bairn. Cry all you need to. Mary wailed on her mother's shoulder, andrnMcTaggert used the telephone in the parlor to call for Doctor, who had come quickly enough with a shot for therndistraught woman when he heard what had happened. There had been quite the spate of activity then - investigation, a few recriminations, and a verdict: accidentalrndeath, lost at sea. After the investigations were finished, a matter of some weeks, there had been a magnificentrnmemorial service at the Episcopal church Howie had belonged to. The service was attended by policemen from allrnover the Highlands. There had been a small stir among the churchgoers when a terribly elegant couple was usheredrnto the front, he very tall and slim in a magnificently tailored dark suit, and she a brilliant natural blonde in anrnutterly correct navy suit and tasteful, costly pearls. The only fault that the avidly watching locals might hope to findrnwas that she wore no hat. The Chief Constable had gone and spoken to them, and reported back to his wife that itrnwas none other than Lord Summerisle himself and his fiancee, Miss Rose MacKinnon, mistress of the islandrnschool. These two worthies gave their solemn and undivided attention to the long church service, although theyrnparticipated in none of the prayers. Those who were sitting close enough during the service to see did not mistakernthe sheen of tears in His Lordship's dark eyes, nor the concerned glance and comforting squeeze of his hand by thernblonde lady at his side. Afterward, it was explained to the priest and the Chief Constable that Lord Summerisle feltrnresponsible for Sgt Howie's death, since he had been on his way to Summerisle when the accident occurred. Andrnover nothing but a silly prank someone had played, as their Rowan was alive and well and would be in school withrnall the other girls when Miss Rose returned two days hence. A shame, such a great shame. Afterward, as His Lordship stood speaking with the Chief Constable, Miss Rose stood with Sgt. Howie's motherrnand the group of ladies of the church who were assisting her. One of the ladies had commented on His Lordship'srnsomber mein. Yes, Miss Rose had said candidly, His Lordship has been very upset. He feels responsible. Herninsisted on coming today . . . I do so hope that we haven't intruded upon your grief. Not at all, Miss, Howie's mother had replied gently. His Lordship mustn't feel responsible. We're honored that yournand His Lordship would take the time to come all the way here, and by sail too, to attend, when you'd never evenrnmet my son. Oh, said Miss MacKinnon, turning her blue, blue eyes toward the approaching peer. With everything I've heardrnsaid of Sergeant Howie, I feel that I know him. His Lordship bowed over Mrs. Howie's hand, his face grave andrnpale. The peer inquired after the welfare of Sgt. Howie's fiancee. Upon being told that she had felt unable to attendrnand was resting at home in seclusion, the pain in His Lordship's eyes was obvious. I feel completely responsible, hernsaid. Never, Your Lordship, said Mrs. Howie. My son was doing his duty. His Lordship seemed much moved byrnMrs. Howie's quiet strength, and bent again to kiss her hand. After the condolences were finished the elegant couple departed for their hired car, the chauffeur waiting to openrnthe Bentley's door for them. Such a handsome pair, people said later. How well it speaks of His Lordship that herntakes such responsibility for something so completely beyond his control. Such graceful folk . . . somehow, theyrnlooked as if they don't really belong in this world. Hugh gazed to the west, and gazed and gazed, waiting for the right moment. When the sun lowered almost to thernunusually clear horizon, he drew himself up straight and saluted the sun three times. \"He has flown with you now, my Lord Nuada, and understands the truth. Grant Neil eternal life among the host ofrnhis own god, who loves him. Clothe him in blossom and green. I have done what I have done, for love of those Irnlove, and those I live separated from will now be safe again.\" Tears began to trace their way down McTaggert'srncheeks. \"Forgive me, Neil,\" he said softly. \"It was the only way.\" And he tossed what he was carrying onto thernsunset water, and turned away to walk home. Evening gulls clucked and mewed along the breakwater, or stood on the rocks and preened. A couple of them,rnriding low on the ripples like mallards, bobbed along, past a branch of apple blossom that floated on the gildedrnwater. ","Summary":" For Christopher Lee, my Lord Summerisle . . . \"A heathen, conceivably, but not, I hope, an unenlig"},{"Movie":"Requiem For A Dream","Title":"Thoughts on drugs","Author":"dog-tooth","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6767308","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Thoughts on drugs. Why are drugs bad? Thoughts from Harry, Tyrone, Sarah and Marion. Harry Goldfarb. You wanna know why drugs are bad? I'll tell ya. I'll tell ya all. Drugs fuck you up, big time. You take 'em first just to see 'em. Just to see what they'll do. You like the feeling. It feels fucking amazing. Then you come down and then you don't feel so good no more. So you take more. Then some more. And suddenly you're hooked. Your hooked and fucked before you even realise. You'll start to do anything just to get ya fix. Maybe you'll take your ma's television, just like me. Ya know its wrong but you'll do it anyway cos you wanna get your fix. You don't ever wanna come down. But maybe... just maybe the drugs weren't all bad. Cos if I hadn't been on drugs then I'd never have met Marion. I'd never have experienced what it was like to have loved someone. But the come downs inevitable. I know that now. Now that I'm in hospital. With only one arm. And no hope. And no Marion. God, I loved Marion. She was my world. But I loved the drugs more. I shouldn't have left her. The most beautiful girl I'd ever seen. Gone. My world. Gone. My mother. Gone. My friend. Gone. And all cos of some drugs... some stupid, expensive, life fucking drugs.[Chapter 2] Marion Drugs aren't bad. No. They're amazing. They've changed my life. Sure, I've lost a lot and I've done a lot of bad things but look what I've gained. Every week I get a load of drugs and for what? A bit of sex that's all. It's nothing. I did worse before and for a lot less. A couple of blow jobs and some anal for a lifetime of happiness. Easy. I'd rather fuck a stranger every night then go see my fucking therapist. At least they aren't such smug fucks. At least they give me what I want, and I don't mean sex. But sometimes... sometimes I wish that Harry was back. I know I called him a loser but he loved me and I loved him. I miss him. I'm surrounded my men every night yet I still miss him. I don't even know why. Cos he was a loser. He couldn't give me what I needed. He forced me to do the things that I now do so willingly. But still, I'm living the high life. Fuck everyone else. I've got my drugs. I've got everything I'll ever need. I'm set for life.[Chapter 3] Tyrone Fuck drugs. Drugs made me lonely. I was always lonely before but now it's unbearable. There's no one in prison. Just a bunch of lonely guys sitting in their cells, knowing that the only comfort they'll get is late at night with their hand wrapped around their dick. Mama always said that I just had to love her but I know that she was lying. Sometimes I feel glad that she died. Glad as she didn't get to see her son fuck up his life. After all, no one wants a crazy motherfucking drug addict as a son. Who would? I'm a waste of space. And now I spend my time working, sleeping and eating. It'll be years till I get out. But what's gonna happen when I do? I'll have no one. I don't have anyone to go home now. No one wants me. I dunno what's happened to Marion or Harry. I dunno what's happened to anyone. I have no one. I'm one lonely motherfucka...[Chapter 4] Sara Goldfarb Drugs? I wouldn't know. I've never taken drugs before. I've taken some pills but the doctor prescribed them. It's not like they were illegal. The nice doctor gave them to me. They were pills. Good pills that helped me lose weight. I managed to slip into my nice red dress. I lost twenty five pounds in a few days and fifty pounds in a week. I was thin. It was the food and the refrigerator. They were after me. They just wanted me to eat. \"Feed me Sarah,\" they called. But I didn't want too. I needed the red dress and the television and Harry to be safe and happy. I ask for Harry and Seymour everyday. They never come. I scream their names at the wall. I know Harry'll be happy. My Harry always is. Maybe he'll have married Marion and maybe they'll have babies. The doctors say that when I get better I can go and see them. So each night I fall asleep with that thought. Maybe one day I'll be on television with my Harry. \" Let me tell you what you've won. Your prize has a sweet smile, and his own private business. He just got engaged, and is about to get married this summer, please give a warm, and juicy welcome, Harry Goldfarb!\" \" I love you Harry.\" \" I love you too ma.\" ","Summary":" Thoughts on drugs. Why are drugs bad? Thoughts from Harry, Tyrone, Sarah and Marion. Harry Goldfarb"},{"Movie":"Dr. Strangelove","Title":"The Return of Dr Strangelove","Author":"Windrises","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12540424","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Note: Dr. Strangelove is owned by Columbia Pictures. This story is dedicated to Peter Sellers. Dr. Strangelove was in the war room. The war was becoming more dangerous than ever, but Dr. Strangelove was distracted by his sudden ability to walk again. Dr. Strangelove said \"Wow. This is awesome.\" He jumped around with excitement over having the ability to walk again. At first he didn't notice stuff around him blowing up. After a few minutes he finally started to notice. He said \"Oh no. Hurry. We need to go into the mineshaft. President? Oh dear. It seems like I'm the only one left and soon I will be gone too.\" Dr. Strangelove was worried. Suddenly a blonde girl wearing a pink sweater and a purple skirt came out of a time portal and said \"Please come with me.\" Dr. Strangelove was shocked by what was going on. He said \"Who are you? How did you get here?\" The mysterious girl said \"There is no time for explanations. This is your last chance for survival.\" Dr. Strangelove looked around at the explosions and said \"Okay. Please get me out of here.\" The girl said \"I will save you. Hold my hand.\" Dr. Strangelove said \"Alright.\" Dr. Strangelove and the girl went from the 1964 to the present. Dr. Strangelove landed on the ground. The girl said \"Are you okay?\" Dr. Strangelove said \"Don't worry. I recently learned to walk again.\" The girl helped Dr. Strangelove get up. Dr. Strangelove said \"Who are you?\" The girl said \"I am Professor Eccentriclike.\" Even Dr. Strangelove thought that name was weird. He said \"What kind of a name is that?\" Professor Eccentriclike said \"I named myself after you. I am your most loyal fan.\" She took off her sweater to show Dr. Strangelove that she was wearing a shirt that had Dr. Strangelove on it. Dr. Strangelove said \"I'm flattered, but how do you know who I am?\" Professor Eccentriclike said \"Hollywood found out about your story and made a film out of it.\" Dr. Strangelove said \"Alright. Is it still in theaters?\" Professor Eccentriclike said \"No. It came out over 50 years ago.\" Dr. Strangelove said \"Oh. It's probably been forgotten by now.\" Professor Eccentriclike said \"That's not quite true. It became a big success.\" Dr. Strangelove got excited and said \"That sounds great.\" Professor Eccentriclike said \"You became so popular that the film was named after you even though you are only in 2 scenes.\" Dr. Strangelove angrily said \"2 scenes? The war was all about me. Anyways why did you bring me into the future?\" Professor Eccentriclike said \"This isn't the future. This is the present. I brought you here to save you from getting blown up in the war and so we can be together.\" Dr. Strangelove said \"What?\" Professor Eccentriclike said \"Well I am your most loyal fan. I even made my own Dr. Strangelove action figure.\" Dr. Strangelove looked around and said \"The world sure has changed. It looks interesting and exciting, but I barely know anything about modern times.\" Professor Eccentriclike said \"I will teach you everything that you need to know.\" She had Dr. Strangelove watch the modern films that were popular and taught him about what was considered relevant. After a long day of catching up on films Dr. Strangelove and Professor Eccentriclike went to a McDonalds. She said \"How does it taste?\" Dr. Strangelove ate some chicken and fries. He said \"Best food I have ever eaten.\" Professor Eccentriclike said \"So what do you think of the films that I showed you?\" Dr. Strangelove thought about it and said \"Well the Frozen fans need to let it go, Star Wars might as well be called Bland Wars, and I'm surprised that those silly comic book characters have so many films. However I'm flattered that they named a super hero after me.\" Professor Eccentriclike said \"Dr. Strange isn't named after you.\" Dr. Strangelove stubbornly said \"Yes he is.\" Professor Eccentriclike said \"I have a secret that I kept from you. I'm not a real professor. I work at a store that sells stuffed animals.\" Dr. Strangelove said \"Oh. People stuffing animals. That's cool.\" Professor Eccentriclike said \"No. Stuffed animals are like toys except more cute.\" Dr. Strangelove said \"All of these popular films seem to have a pattern that I don't like.\" Professor Eccentriclike said \"What do you mean?\" Dr. Strangelove said \"Well it seems like all of them are so serious and boring. They made a film a guy in a bat costume that fights a clown a intense action film. What's wrong with the filmmakers these days? Have they forgotten that films are supposed to be fun, not bland overdramatic Oscar nominated films.\" Professor Eccentriclike said \"You truly are old fashioned, but I agree with you.\" Dr. Strangelove thought about it for a few minutes and said \"I have a plan. I will become a director. I will direct a entertaining film. I will make American fun again.\" Professor Eccentriclike said \"That sounds awesome.\" Dr. Strangelove proudly said \"Yes I am.\" Professor Eccentriclike said \"It is nighttime. Come on. You will be my new roommate.\" Dr. Strangelove said \"Oh no.\" The next day Dr. Strangelove wore a new outfit that he bought. It looked the same as his previous outfit. Dr. Strangelove said \"Now I can wear a different outfit every day of the week, but people will think that I always wear the same outfit.\" Professor Eccentriclike said \"Anyways are you ready to go Hollywood?\" Dr. Strangelove said \"I sure am.\" Professor Eccentriclike said \"This trip is expensive, but it's worth it for you.\" She hugged him. They went to Hollywood. Dr. Strangelove said \"Hollywood is a great looking place.\" Professor Eccentriclike said \"Yes you are. I mean yes it is.\" They walked inside the Hollywood studio. Dr. Strangelove got ready for his appointment with Joe Hollywood. Dr. Strangelove walked inside of Joe's office and said \"Hello Mr. Hollywood. I'm Mr. Strangelove.\" Joe Hollywood said \"Take a seat.\" Dr. Strangelove said \"Okay. I'll steal a chair.\" Joe said \"No. Sit down.\" Dr. Strangelove sat down. He said \"I assume that you have seen my film.\" Joe said \"Yes. It's a classic.\" Dr. Strangelove said \"Are you calling me old?\" Dr. Strangelove got out his baseball bat. Joe nervously said \"No. Classic is a compliment.\" Dr. Strangelove put down the baseball bat and said \"Okay.\" Joe said \"Anyways I have been working on a idea for a film called Son of Strangelove.\" Dr. Strangelove said \"Cute idea, but no. I got a great idea for you Joey. Let me be a director.\" Joe got wide eyed and said \"You want to be a director?\" Dr. Strangelove said \"I have lots of work experience. I taught Mel Blanc how to do silly voices.\" Joe said \"Really?\" Dr. Strangelove said \"I also taught Tony Jay how to sound evil. During the times that there were no wars I secretly worked as a filmmaker. I helped make some of the cartoons that people loved over 50 years ago. Let me direct a film.\" Joe said \"I'm not so sure that I should let you.\" Dr. Strangelove said \"I will let you have 80% of the profits.\" Joe said \"Okay.\" Dr. Strangelove walked out of Joe's office and said \"I got a new job as a director.\" Professor Eccentriclike said \"That's awesome. I'm proud of you sweetie.\" Dr. Strangelove angrily said \"Never call me that.\" Professor Eccentriclike said \"Okay cutie.\" Dr. Strangelove saw a fancily dressed man and said \"Who is that clown?\" The man said \"I am Mr. Normalhate, the world's most beloved director. Over half of my films have won Oscars.\" Dr. Strangelove pretended to be impressed. He said \"Wow. You must be so amazing. You make those long pieces of blandness that people call quality films.\" Mr. Normalhate angrily said \"My films take lots of work to make. They have original plots, complex characters, and a strong amount of realistic sequences.\" Dr. Strangelove said \"I think that you are unaware of what films are for. They are for giving people a good time. They make people smile and laugh.\" Mr. Normalhate angrily said \"No. Films are for making people cry and feel other intense emotions. Films that make people laugh are disgraceful and poorly made.\" Dr. Strangelove said \"I am a new director. I am going to make a fun film to show people what films are for.\" Mr. Normalhate giggled and said \"Your film will bomb.\" Dr. Strangelove said \"A long time ago I learned to stop worrying and love the bomb.\" Mr. Normalhate said \"Your film will lose money and the critics will hate it.\" Dr. Strangelove said \"Whatever.\" Mr. Normalhate walked away. Dr. Strangelove said \"That guy makes me so mad. He turns films into overly serious sad fests.\" Professor Eccentriclike patted Dr. Strangelove's head and said \"Don't worry. You will impress the world with your amazing film. What will your film be about?\" Dr. Strangelove said \"It will be a action-comedy. I will save a group of supermodels from a villain.\" Professor Eccentriclike said \"What else will happen?\" Dr. Strangelove said \"That's all there is to the plot. Simple, but in the best way possible. People will love it right?\" Professor Eccentriclike said \"I'm sure they will.\" Dr. Strangelove worked on the script. A few hours later he came out of his writing room and said \"I have finished the script.\" Professor Eccentriclike said \"You finished a script to a whole film in 1 day?\" Dr. Strangelove proudly said \"I sure did. Since you know more about what the modern people like I want you to read it and tell me if it's good enough.\" Professor Eccentriclike said \"Okay.\" A few hours later she finished reading the script. Dr. Strangelove said \"What do you think of my script?\" Professor Eccentriclike said \"It was really good.\" Dr. Strangelove said \"Oh yeah.\" Dr. Strangelove did a victory dance. Professor Eccentriclike said \"So who will be the star of it?\" Dr. Strangelove said \"I am the star of it.\" Professor Eccentriclike said \"So you are the star, director, and writer?\" Dr. Strangelove proudly said \"I sure am.\" The next day Dr. Strangelove started filming the film. Dr. Strangelove said \"I bought a director's hat, but I accidentally put it in a toilet. Thankfully I bought another hat, but I lost it. Where is the main actor?\" Professor Eccentriclike said \"You are the main actor.\" Dr. Strangelove said \"Of course I am.\" Dr. Strangelove got on set with his female co-stars. Mr. Normalhate showed up and said \"Stop filming.\" Dr. Strangelove said \"What's wrong?\" Mr. Normalhate said \"I heard what your film is about. It won't work. The characters aren't complex enough.\" Dr. Strangelove sarcastically said \"What a tragedy.\" Mr. Normalhate said \"Your character is a typical thinks he's so cool protagonist, the villain is too silly, and every character each need their own unique personality traits.\" Dr. Strangelove said \"And you need to get a life. Stop being a try-hard.\" Mr. Normalhate angrily said \"I tried to give you helpful advice and you mock me? I hate you.\" Mr. Normal hate walked away. Dr. Strangelove said \"Anyways lets start filming. Where is the director?\" Professor Eccentriclike said \"You are the director honey.\" Dr. Strangelove said \"Don't call me that.\" Professor Eccentriclike said \"Okay dear.\" Dr. Strangelove was given a 20 million dollar budget, but only got a few weeks to film the film. Dr. Strangelove worked moderately hard each day. He made a film called \"Awesome Dude.\" The film starred Dr. Strangelove as a young detective. The villain of the film, Mr. Big Bad, kidnapped the worlds' 5 most beautiful super models so it's up to Dr. Strangelove to save the girls before Mr. Big Bad's volcano hideout explodes. The film had plenty of action and comedy. Dr. Strangelove got a few famous actors to appear in small roles so he could put their names all over the advertising. After Dr. Strangelove finished filming the film Mr. Normalhate saw the film and said \"The film is really flawed.\" Dr. Strangelove rolled his eyes and said \"What is wrong with the film?\" Mr. Normalhate said \"Oh so many things. First off it's too short.\" Dr. Strangelove said \"Dude it's over 90 minutes.\" Mr. Normalhate said \"But it's not 2 hours. All good films are over 2 hours.\" Dr. Strangelove rolled his eyes again. Mr. Normalhate said \"Stop doing that.\" Dr. Strangelove said \"I will.\" Dr. Strangelove rolled his eyes again. Mr. Normalhate said \"Second of all the film is too silly. All good films need plenty of dramatic scenes throughout the film. Your film only has a small amount of serious scenes. The rest of the film is unrealistic action scenes and dumb comedy.\" Dr. Strangelove said \"Did you at least like the supermodels?\" Mr. Normalhate angrily said \"They lacked personality and proper storylines. They are simple and generic.\" Dr. Strangelove said \"Oh come on bro.\" Mr. Normalhate said \"How dare you call me a bro. Here. I have made a booklet of notes on how improve your bad film. Read all of my notes carefully so you can make your film decent.\" Dr. Strangelove said \"Okay.\" Dr. Strangelove threw the notes in a garbage can. Mr. Normalhate angrily said \"How dare you ignore my brilliant advice. I hate you.\" Mr. Normalhate walked away. Dr. Strangelove said \"I do not care what that guy thinks of my film. I'm proud of my film.\" Professor Eccentriclike said \"And I'm proud of you. When will your film be released?\" Dr. Strangelove said \"I don't remember the month, but I know that it's either January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, November, or December. There are only 12 possible choices so I think I know when it's coming out.\" Eventually the release date for Dr. Strangelove's film was announced: September 8th. However that was the same day that Mr. Normalhate's new film was coming out. Dr. Strangelove said \"The competition is a little scary, but I'm sure that my film will make more money.\" On September 8th both Dr. Strangelove and Mr. Normalhate's films were released. Dr. Strangelove and Professor Eccentriclike went to a film theater to watch the film. Dr. Strangelove wore his usual black suit and Professor Eccentriclike wore a fancy pink outfit. Dr. Strangelove said \"Ah. It's a great feeling to be at the opening day of my awesome film. All of those people are here to see my film.\" Professor Eccentriclike said \"Well not all of them darling.\" Dr. Strangelove said \"Well I'm sure that most of them are super excited for my masterpiece.\" After Dr. Strangelove watched the film he checked Rotten Tomatoes see what critics thought of the film. The film only got 40% on Rotten Tomatoes. Dr. Strangelove said \"This is a ripoff. I'm going to watch 1 of the reviews.\" Dr. Strangelove started watching a review. The reviewer said \"This film sucks. The plot is nothing unique, the characters lack the complexity and depth that all good films need, and the jokes were lowbrow. Plus it was totally unrealistic. There is a action scene where you can see 1 of the wires that the stunt man was on for like half a second. Plus the scene where Dr. Strangelove jumped 25 feet in the air was totally unrealistic. This film is a disgrace to cinema and everybody that worked on it deserves to be punished.\" Dr. Strangelove said \"Well I hope that the film made lots of money.\" Dr. Strangelove checked the money that his film made. His film was in 2nd place. Mr. Normalhate's new film made over twice as much. Dr. Strangelove sat around with a sad look on his face. Professor Weirdlike said \"What's wrong darling?\" Dr. Strangelove said \"People hate my film. It appears that having fun is considered disgraceful to society.\" Professor Weirdlike said \"You only checked what the critics think of your film. Check Rotten Tomatoes' audience score.\" Dr. Strangelove said \"Wow. 85% liked the film.\" Professor Weirdlike said \"You are a success.\" Dr. Strangelove said \"But Mr. Normalhate's film did so much better.\" Professor Weirdlike said \"Forget about his film. People who know that watching a fun film is more enjoyable than watching a depressing bland film love your film. I love your film.\" Dr. Strangelove said \"But it seems like people don't care that much about fun films anymore.\" Professor Weirdlike said \"They pretend to hate comedy films and love dramas to seem more cool, but people hardly ever re-watch dramas. People want films that make them smile, not films that make them cry. Do you believe me?\" Dr. Strangelove said \"Kind of.\" Professor Weirdlike said \"Well to prove how beloved your film is there is a group of dedicated fans outside who want your autograph.\" Dr. Strangelove went outside and said \"Did you like my film?\" The people said \"We love the film!\" Dr. Strangelove said \"Thank you. I'm proud of all of you and my film. Who wants a autograph?\" Over 2,000 people had autograph books. Dr. Strangelove said \"This will take a long time.\" After a hour of autographing Dr. Strangelove said \"I'm tired.\" Professor Weirdlike said \"I'm proud of you. I love you.\" Dr. Strangelove said \"You saved my life and helped me get a new career. I'm grateful. You are really nice and pretty. Would you like to be my girlfriend?\" Professor Weirdlike said \"I already am.\" She kissed Dr. Strangelove. She said \"Wanna go marathon your film all day?\" Dr. Strangelove said \"Yeah baby.\" ","Summary":" Note: Dr. Strangelove is owned by Columbia Pictures. This story is dedicated to Peter Sellers. Dr. "},{"Movie":"Dr. Strangelove","Title":"A Yuletide Tale","Author":"The Mouse Avenger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6590960","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A YULETIDE TALE A \" Dr. Strangelove \" Fanfiction By The Mouse Avenger AUTHOR'S NOTES: This is a short fanfic written for the \" Dr. Strangelove \" fandom, featuring Buck Turgidson & Miss Scott (along with a few of our other favorite characters) in a heartwarming Christmas story that was partially inspired by O. Henry's \" The Gift Of The Magi \" (but given my own personal plot twists for originality). I sincerely hope you enjoy the story. And, now, for a brief copyright-&-disclaimer... Buck Turgidson, Miss Scott, President Muffley, Dr. Strangelove, & all other characters, elements, & properties of \" Dr. Strangelove \" © Stanley Kubrick & Columbia Pictures. I only claim ownership to the story itself, & all original characters contained therein (as well as my first name for Miss Scott). When you're finished reading the story, feel free to leave a review. I'll take anything from simple comments to constructive criticism, as long as they're not flames or written a mean, rude, or overly-harsh manner. And now that my copyright-&-disclaimer is finished, let the fanfiction begin! Happy reading (& happy holidays)! The streets of Washington, D.C., were alive with activity. It was less than two weeks before Christmas, & hordes of men, women, & children were parading down the sidewalks, mostly to travel to various shops & stores that were located around the city. The kids were out of school, & many of their parents were also given time off for the holidays...but not everyone in Washington, D.C., was out of work just yet... In her personal office at the suburb home of Air Force General Buckley \"Buck\" Turgidson, Miss Elaine Scott—the general's secretary—was typing up a few memos from various people (mainly politicians, government agents, & military officers). Once she was done with that, she would go back to answering phone calls, taking messages from Buck's relatives or friends, typing up more memos, & doing small favors for Buck (like bringing him coffee or anything else that he might need). Though her work could tend to be monotonous (& even a bit boring on some days), Miss Scott nonetheless enjoyed working for Buck, & would do anything for the man she had grown to love in the course of the last few years. In 1947, when Miss Scott moved to Washington, D.C., from Alexandria, Virginia, she was assigned to work as a secretary for Buck Turgidson, who had recently been put in charge of the newly-formed Air Force branch of the United States military. As time passed, the bond between Buck & Miss Scott went from being professional to friendly, & finally ended up becoming a romantic relationship. For the last couple of years, Miss Scott had not only been working at Buck's house, but also living with him. Although her relatives back in Virginia (& Buck's relatives, as well) were concerned about the prospect of any \"improper behavior\" taking place between the couple, Buck & Miss Scott were always quick to assure that they wouldn't get any closer than they already were until they were married. And at the rate the relationship was progressing, Miss Scott had a feeling that wedding bells would, indeed, be ringing soon. For now, though, the only bells that were ringing were silver bells & jingle bells...& as her mind temporarily switched to thoughts of Christmas, Miss Scott remembered that she needed to go shopping for a present for Buck. Although Buck said that he \"didn't want anything special\", Miss Scott believed that her boyfriend deserved something a little special for the holidays. But just what to give him? she thought. There are so many things that a guy could want for Christmas...& only a few things that would really make special gifts... Then, Miss Scott perked up when she got an idea for the perfect present for Buck. \"I know!\" she exclaimed. \"I'll get him a Cozy blanket to keep him all nice & warm whenever he gets chilly! Buck would really love that for a Christmas present!\" With that, Miss Scott pulled open one of the drawers of her desk, reached inside, & took out a copy of the latest Sears catalog. She flipped through the pages, scrutinizing each item upon them, until she finally got to the page that advertised the Cozy blanket. Just as Miss Scott was about to call Sears & make the order, however, the door suddenly burst open, & Buck Turgidson came rushing into the office, suddenly surprising his secretary. \"Buck!\" she blurted out, dropping the phone to the surface of her desk. \"What brings you here all of a sudden?\" \"Well, I live here,\" Buck replied with a playful grin on his face. \"And, besides, I'd like to get a chance to see my sweetheart! Haven't seen her all morning...\" Miss Scott couldn't help but giggle as Buck picked her up in his arms, & gave her a big bear hug (along with a kiss on the cheek). When he parted from the embrace, Buck told his live-in lady-friend, \"So, Elaine, it's almost Christmas, & I'm sure you could use some time off for the holidays...& unless we have some kind of military emergency, I don't think I'll be needing any secretarial work done, so...would a couple of weeks suffice?\" Miss Scott was surprised—though also delighted—to hear this. \"Why, Buck,\" she said, \"that's very nice of you to offer me that! Thank you!\" \"Don't mention it, honey,\" Buck replied with a wink. \"In these hectic times, I think everybody could use a break every now & then, especially on Christmas!\" \"President Muffley appears to think so, too,\" Miss Scott commented. \"He called earlier, & said that all military officials were on holiday leave.\" \"Guess that means I'll be seeing Stainsy & the guys outside of government buildings more often!\" Buck said. \"Aside from the big Christmas party at the White House, that is.\" \"Don't forget the New Year's party, too...but, oh, the Christmas party will be lovely! \" Miss Scott remarked with a dreamy look on her face. \"I hear that some of First Lady Rachel's famous Yuletide recipes will be on the menu...little Edgar will be playing the title role in a junior production of The Nutcracker ...&—get this—the Muffleys hired the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra & the Vienna Boys' Choir to provide music for the partygoers!\" \"Oh, Dr. Strangelove is gonna go ga-ga for that!\" Buck said when he heard the last part of that sentence...&, then, a wave of nostalgia hit him. \"Remember last year's Christmas party? The Muffleys hired the Berlin Philharmonic for that one, too.\" \"Yes, I remember,\" Miss Scott replied, nodding her head in agreement. \"When the orchestra played 'Silent Night', Dr. Strangelove got so choked up with emotion...& he started bawling like a baby when they played 'O, Christmas Tree'. He couldn't stop crying for almost an hour after that!\" \"Yeah, & when he ran out of tissues, he had to ask President Muffley for extra ones,\" Buck said with a chuckle, unable to stop himself from smiling a little at the memory. \"I don't know what it is about holiday music that gets Strangelove all worked up, but I'll tell you one thing—he sure knows how to get into the Christmas spirit!\" \"You may be right, Buck,\" Miss Scott said. \" Although... I think it has more to do with the fact that some of those carols are originally from Germany, his native country.\" \"Oh, you're right!\" Buck exclaimed when he realized this. \"And now that I think about it, that also explains why he always gets so teary-eyed whenever he hears Beethoven, or Bach, or one of those other guys... \"Whenever I was around the doctor,\" Buck continued, \"& I saw him reacting like that to German music, I always wondered why it affected him so much. But, now, I'm sure it has to do with the fact that he probably feels homesick when he hears the music. He misses the life he lived back in Berlin, & he misses his family & friends...He hasn't contacted them since he came to America, you know. He was so worried about what might happen if he did, what with all those Nazi-hunters & Third Reich fugitives out there...\" \"Well, I visited Dr. Strangelove the other day,\" said Miss Scott, \"& he tells me that he's no longer in hiding, so he can contact his loved ones at any time he wishes! You should have seen the look on his face when he told me how much he was looking forward to calling & writing to his old friends & acquaintances over the holidays...& he just sent a letter to his parents. The doctor says he should expect a reply from them in a day or two.\" \"And that's a good thing,\" Buck said, \"especially when you think about the stuff that's been going on in Germany lately. Things are really starting to get tense over there...\" \"Well, don't worry,\" Miss Scott said with an optimistic look on her face. \"I'm sure that Strangelove's loved ones will be all right.\" \"I certainly hope so,\" Buck remarked...& for the next few moments, neither he nor Miss Scott said a word to one another. Then, Buck broke the silence when he asked his secretary, \"So, what do you plan to do on your first day—er, afternoon —off, Elaine?\" \"Oh, I'll probably take care of some extra Christmas shopping,\" replied Miss Scott. \"I've already bought presents for my parents, sister, brother-in-law, nieces, & nephews, though I may want to get something for my grandparents, too. And I have a present for you... but it's a surprise, so you'll have to wait until Christmas Day to find out what it is.\" \"Awww, come on, Elaine,\" Buck complained, \"don't keep me in suspense like that!\" \"Sorry, Buck,\" Miss Scott said with a teasing smirk, \"but Santa absolutely insists that I keep mum about it until December 25th.\" When his lady-friend wouldn't satisfy his curiosity, Buck was about to argue with Miss Scott...but something about her comment piqued his interest. \"Wait,\" he asked, \"you still believe in Santa Claus?\" \"Between you & me...\"—Miss Scott leaned in closer to her boyfriend to whisper the answer in his ear—\"...yes.\" Well, if Elaine still believes in Santa Claus, Buck thought to himself later that evening, who does she think delivers the presents to the houses that don't have chimneys? Primarily mine! Buck couldn't help but shiver a little—gosh, how he hated cold rooms!—as he sat at the table where he & his comrades were playing poker. Generals Sam Stains & Frank Faceman, along with Marine Admiral John Cooper & a man named Carl (one of Buck's closest neighbors & civilian friends), were with the Joint Chiefs chairman at Bailey's Tavern, where they had decided to gather for a \"boys' night out\" to celebrate the start of their holiday leave. As the men indulged in their game, they shared conversations over a few drinks; while they took care not to have an excess amount of alcohol, they weren't quite as frugal with the amount of money they used to make bets...especially Buck. He had just bet a total of $50...& he used the same dollar bills that Miss Scott had set aside for her last-minute Christmas shopping, for all the money that he once had in his pockets had been used to buy a present for his dear girlfriend—a lovely amethyst necklace to go with her favorite purple outfit. Hopefully, however, Buck wouldn't lose the money to one of his fellow players, & he could bring it all home with him before Miss Scott came back from her errands... The men had started with a minimum bet of $5, & after Buck had dealt out 5 cards to each player, everyone looked at their hands; when all the players had traded out their cards to try & get a better hand, & everybody anted up, & General Faceman started the game. Upon looking at his hand, Faceman (who had hoped for a flush, but still had 3 hearts & 2 non-matching cards) decided to fold, but Carl (who had 2 pairs of matching cards) played his hand, raising the bet by $5. Admiral Cooper (who had 3 of a kind) also played his hand, matching the bet, & General Stains did the same (but raised the bet to $10). On & on the game went, with every man (except for Faceman) betting & raising, until it finally came down to Buck & General Stains. Buck, who had a hand containing 3 9's, traded his 2 non-matching cards to try for 4 of a kind, which he ended up getting...much to his delight. Though he did his best to keep his \"poker face\" on, Buck snickered mischievously to himself on the inside, as he took a quick peek at Stains. Ho-ho-ho, he thought arrogantly, Stainsy is in for it! He doesn't have a chance of winning! I'm gonna kick his keister for sure! When no one else offered to raise, Buck formed a smug smirk on his face as he called the bet, & everyone showed their cards. Much to Buck's great dismay, his 4 of a kind was trumped by Stains' royal flush. All 10's! \"Well, that's it,\" Stains said triumphantly. \"I win the game!\" Buck could barely hide the look of shock on his face, as he watched Stains take all the money in the pot. He couldn't even bring himself to congratulate his fellow military man on winning, for he was so consumed with dejection & disappointment at his own failure. Not only had he lost the game, but he'd also lost Miss Scott's Christmas money! Oh, man, Buck lamented to himself, Elaine is gonna give me one heck of a tongue-lashing when I tell her what happened... Later that evening, after Buck had bid his friends \"farewell\", he took a taxi home, & proceeded to make his way inside his house, where Miss Scott was setting up decorations on the Christmas tree in the living room. Buck gulped nervously, as he quietly approached his secretary / lady-friend, hoping that she would take it well when he broke the news to her... \"Oh, Buck,\" Miss Scott cried joyfully as she turned around to face the Air Force general, \"there you are! And just in time to help me decorate the Christmas tree!\" \"Uh, sure,\" Buck replied, managing a weak smile as he bent over to pick up some ornaments out of a small box, & started hanging them on the tree. At one point, he asked Miss Scott, \"Say, honey, did the mailman bring anything today?\" \"No,\" replied Miss Scott. Now, Buck was starting to feel a little worried. What had become of the necklace he had bought for his girlfriend? Should he call the post office, & find out what happened? Before Buck could make a decision, Miss Scott popped the question he had been dreading all evening: \"Buck, you know that money I had saved up for your Christmas present? I left it out on the coffee table, &, now, I can't find it anywhere! Do you know what happened to it?\" Buck hemmed & hawed for several seconds, wondering just how he was going to tell his story to Miss Scott. Finally, he confessed that he had lost the shopping money to General Stains in a poker game, &—as he expected—Miss Scott did not take it very well. In fact, the first thing she did was go up to him, & tug on his ear in reprimand, making him wince with pain. \"Buckley George Harmon Turgidson,\" she exclaimed angrily, \"I can't believe you would do something so...so stupid! Now, I won't have any money to buy your Christmas present!\" \"Gosh, Elaine,\" Buck said remorsefully, \"I'm so sorry...I had no idea that Stainsy was gonna win—I-I-I mean, I shouldn't have done something so reckless! If there's any way I can make this up to you...\" \"There isn't!\" Miss Scott interrupted, now looking very upset—& on the verge of tears. \"Just go...go on upstairs, & don't talk to me for the rest of the night.\" Buck sighed in resignation, then slowly began trudging up the stairs to his room. As he was preparing to shut the door closed, he could hear the sound of Miss Scott sobbing; said sound tugged at Buck's heartstrings, twinging his soul with a deep, gnawing feeling of guilt & shame. Well, maybe, Elaine will feel better when she gets her Christmas present, thought Buck. Oh, that reminds me! I gotta call the post office, & find out what happened to her gift! With that, Buck picked up the telephone on his nightstand, & dialed the number of the local post office. After putting the phone to his ear, Buck waited for a response from the other line, & when a postal worker finally answered, Buck said, \"Hello? Is this the Washington, D.C., post office?\" Chatter from the other line. \"Yes, this is General Buck Turgidson. I'm calling about an expensive package I ordered from London a week ago. By any chance, have you received it lately?\" More chatter from the other line. \" WHAT? What do you mean it got lost in the mail?...Aww, dad-gum it! Well, never mind...I'll just reorder it, or get a refund, or something...Thank you for your time. Goodbye.\" After hanging up on the postal worker, Buck rooted around in his nightstand drawer, & pulled out a small piece of paper, on which he had written the telephone number of the London jewelry store that he'd ordered Miss Scott's necklace from. He dialed said number, & after putting the phone to his ear, he waited for a response; lo & behold, he got one! \"Good day,\" spoke a deep-voiced British male on the other line. \"This is Harrod's Department Store. How may I be of service to you?\" \"Hello, this is General Buck Turgidson. I'm the one who ordered that amethyst necklace a week ago.\" \"Ah, yes, of course...\" A soft clearing of the throat. \"Have you received your package yet?\" \"No, I'm afraid not. It got lost in the mail.\" \"Oh, I'm most dreadfully sorry about that, sir!\" \"Thanks...Err, by any chance, could I have a refund?\" \"I sincerely apologize, sir, but we don't give refunds...\" The store employee's announcement was met with a harsh reply from Buck, who then proceeded to let off an angry stream of profane words unsuitable for printing. In his frustration, Buck threw down the phone, & after letting off as much steam as he could, he finally flopped down on his bed, casting his arms to either side of him, as he raised a martyred glance to the ceiling. As if things couldn't get any worse! he thought to himself bitterly. Man, this has just been my day, hasn't it? Let's just hope tomorrow yields better results, or Elaine & I are both gonna have a cruddy Christmas! The next morning was no better, & neither Buck nor Miss Scott said a word to one another, aside from a curt \"good morning\" & a wistful reply. As they sat down to a hearty breakfast, they ate their meal in silence, only pausing occasionally to glance at each other—Miss Scott with her bitter glare, Buck with his apologetic frown. Then, later, after the couple had put away their empty dishes, Miss Scott told Buck that she was going to pay another visit to Dr. Strangelove, & Buck replied that he was going to pay a visit of his own...to the First Family up at the White House. With that, the general & his secretary both departed for their respective destinations. Elsewhere, in the kitchen / dining room of his house, Dr. Strangelove was preparing himself a nice pot of herbal tea, when his ears perked up to the sound of knocking on his front door. He abruptly maneuvered his wheelchair into the living room, then moved to open the aforementioned front door...where he saw Miss Scott all dressed up in a nice winter outfit, clutching a matching leopard-print purse to match her faux-fur overcoat. \"Ah, guten tag , Fraulein Scott!\" Dr. Strangelove greeted cheerfully, going over to give the secretary a friendly hug & a pat on the back. \"It's a pleasure to see you again! Come in, come in...\" Miss Scott followed Dr. Strangelove into the kitchen, & sat down at the dining table, where Strangelove served her a cup of tea; then, after taking a cup for himself, he moved his wheelchair to the table, & sat across from Miss Scott. \"So,\" he asked her, \"how has your holiday season been?\" \"Oh,\" Miss Scott said wistfully, \"pretty fine, for the most part...\"—she let out a deep sigh—\"...but, lately, I've been having a problem.\" \"Ohhh, poor dear,\" Dr. Strangelove moaned sympathetically, as he stirred his tea with a small spoon. \"Care to tell me all about it?\" \"Well, it's like this,\" Miss Scott replied. \"Last night, Buck & some of his friends were playing a poker game, &...well, Buck made a dumb mistake, & used my cash for last-minute Christmas shopping as betting money. Unfortunately for both of us, he ended up losing the game— & my cash—& I don't know what I'm going to do to get extra money for shopping! I don't have any money left in my savings account, so I can't go to the bank...And I could ask my parents for extra money, but I don't think that would be a very polite thing to do...\" \"Have you considered selling something to get extra cash?\" asked Dr. Strangelove. \"That may help.\" \"Hmmm...\" Miss Scott muttered thoughtfully, scratching her chin in a pensive manner. \"Well, I do have a very nice pair of amethyst earrings, along with a matching bracelet, that I like to wear with my favorite dress...They were store-bought, so I could always get myself another bracelet & set of earrings like those.\" \"That's the spirit!\" said Dr. Strangelove. \"Why don't you put them up for auction at Sotheby's, or something?\" \"Oh, what a wonderful idea, Doctor!\" Miss Scott said joyfully, as she got up & went over to give Strangelove a big hug. \"I'll dash back to my house, get my jewelry, & go to Sotheby's right now, as a matter of fact!\" After giving Strangelove a quick kiss on the cheek, Miss Scott scurried off to do just as she planned, gleefully thanking the gut doktor for his help all the while. Meanwhile, as Miss Scott was visiting with Dr. Strangelove, Buck had gone to pay that visit to the Muffley family, who were usually the first people he turned to for help when he wasn't seeking it from Miss Scott, his neighbors, or his relatives. Much like his lady-friend, Buck was eager to tell his gracious hosts about his current dilemma, & when he was finished relating his tale, he asked President Muffley with a pleading expression, \"Do you have any helpful suggestions that might provide a solution to my problem?\" \"Well, have you considered selling one or two of your nicest possessions?\" President Muffley asked Buck. \"That might be a good idea.\" \"Yeah, you're right,\" Buck said, nodding his head in agreement. \"You know, I have some collector's books about military history at my house. Maybe, I should put them up for auction at Sotheby's.\" \"That sounds like a splendid idea!\" said First Lady Rachel with a pleasant expression on her face. \"I say you should go for it, General Turgidson!\" \"All right,\" said Buck, as he got up out of the chair he had been sitting in, & went off to make his exit. \"It's settled, then! I'll run on home to pick up my books, & dash off to Sotheby's right afterward! Wish me luck...'cause Elaine & I are definitely gonna need it!\" \"Lot 114, ladies & gentlemen: a jewelry box crafted of pure jade, with legs of authentic gold, diamond-studded lid rims, & satin padding. Showing here, with a starting price of $250 dollars...\" The Sotheby's auction house was jam-packed today, with Christmas shoppers congregating around every booth. At the booth for jewelry auctions, Miss Scott stood at the front of the large crowd that was gathered in front of the stage, where the auctioneer showed off the latest item for sale. Then, the bidding began, & the auctioneer called out, \"Shall we start at $300? $300, thank you...Do I hear $350? $400? Very well, then, $400...And $450? No? All right, selling for $400...Going once, going twice, sold!\" The jade jewelry box was given to the person who had won it, & the next item was put up for auction. \"Lot 115, folks: a pair of pure amethyst earrings, along with a matching bracelet crafted of the same material, all gently glazed with a layer of fine polish. Showing here, with a starting price of $50...\" Almost immediately, the bidding began, & the auctioneer barked, \"Shall we start at $50? $60? $60, then...Do I hear $70? No? All right...Going once, going twice, sold!\" Miss Scott could barely contain her excitement as she saw an elderly lady going up to take the jewelry she had just won, & after the aforementioned lady left, Miss Scott went up to receive the money she had earned from the auction. This is fantastic! the secretary thought to herself as she flipped through the wad of dollar bills in her hand. Now, I can buy Buck's Christmas present, after all! With that, she dashed out of Sotheby's, & ran for home as fast as she could, hoping that she could order that Cozy blanket & get it delivered to the post office in less than two weeks. Unbeknownst to Miss Scott, however, her dear boyfriend Buck was in another part of the auction house, where a few of his special collector's books related to military history were being bid on. \"Lot 843: a lot of 5 'collector's edition' books: A Complete Illustrated History Of World War II , The Military Exploits Of Ancient Leaders , Caesar's Army , Untold Stories Of The Civil War , & A Picture Biography Of Gen. George Patton . Starting at $140...Do I hear $145? Very well, then, $145...And $150? $160? All right, $160...Going once, going twice, sold!\" Buck, overcome with elation at his personal victory, couldn't help but burst into a triumphant laugh as he saw the winner of the auction go up to receive his prize, & as Buck went up to take his newly-earned money, he thought to himself in jubilation, Jarrod Jewelers, here I come! 2 weeks later... The White House was alive with activity, & a gay & festive atmosphere filled the East Room, where the First Family & their large assortment of guests—including Dr. Strangelove, Buck Turgidson, & Miss Scott—were gathered for the annual Christmas party. The partygoers helped themselves to First Lady Rachel Muffley's delicious culinary delights & desserts, along with glasses of sparkling grape juice, as they indulged in the entertainment provided by the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra, the Vienna Boys' Choir, & Miss Jason's Junior Theater Troupe (who performed a very stellar stage production of The Nutcracker ). Later on, when it was time to open presents, President Muffley gave the signal for the ritual to begin; gifts were passed out to the children & teenagers, while the grownups exchanged gifts among themselves. \"Good news, Buck!\" Miss Scott exclaimed happily as she gave her boyfriend his present. \"I have a surprise for you...\" Buck could hardly wait to see his present from his dear Elaine! Brimming with excitement, he took his gift, & tore the wrapping off of it, before finally seeing what it was...a Cozy blanket to keep him warm on chilly nights like this one! \"Aww, you got me a Cozy blanket?\" Buck asked with a delighted grin, before going over to hug Miss Scott as he added, \"Thanks, 'Lanie! It's the best gift I've ever gotten today!\" \"Oh, but I'm sure I'll like your present even more!\" Miss Scott said when Buck handed her his gift. She, too, tore the wrapping off of it, & saw that her sweet Bucky-boo had gotten her a beautiful amethyst necklace in the shape of a heart! How wonderfully it would go with her favorite purple dress...& her amethyst earrings & bracelet... \"It's beautiful, Buck,\" Miss Scott said as she took a long look at her custom-built necklace. Then, she went over to give Buck a big hug, as she added, \"Thank you so much!\" But to herself, she remarked wistfully, \"Oh, but how I wish I hadn't sold that jewelry—now, I don't have anything to go with this lovely necklace!\" \"Well, if you hadn't sold that jewelry, I wouldn't have gotten this nice Cozy blanket!\" Buck reminded Miss Scott. \"Although I am gonna miss those nice books I gave away...I would have loved to read them while I curled up in my Cozy on a cold evening...\" \"Well, you're in luck, Buck!\" said General Stains, who approached the general & his secretary with a broad smile. \"A couple of weeks ago, I was at Sotheby's, & I happened to find this neat lot of collector's books up for auction! I bid on them, ended up winning them, & thought they would make great reading material for my dear comrade!\" Buck could barely contain his surprise when he saw Stains present the five books he had sold earlier! He could barely find the words to thank \"Stainsy\" for his great present, as he took the books off his hands...& that wasn't the only surprise Stains had for Buck & Miss Scott. Apparently, Stains' wife had been at Sotheby's, too, & she had stumbled across a set of amethyst jewelry that she thought had been stolen from Miss Scott, & put up for auction, so she decided to get them back for her...Oh, what a strange—but wonderful—Christmas this turned out to be! THE END ","Summary":" A YULETIDE TALE A \" Dr. Strangelove \" Fanfiction By The Mouse Avenger AUTHOR'S NOTES: This is a s"},{"Movie":"Dr. Strangelove","Title":"You Are","Author":"The Mouse Avenger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5556387","Passage":"[Chapter 1] YOU ARE... A poem by Dr. Strangelove AUTHOR'S NOTES: This little gem of mine was completed during my stay at my grandma's house during the Thanksgiving holidays. As you can probably tell, it's a love poem for the \" Dr. Strangelove \" fandom, told from the perspective of the Gut Doktor himself. It focuses on his love for his wife, my OC Mary Albright, & how their relationship with one another has changed & affected Dr. Strangelove & his life. (If you don't quite \"get\" the poem at first, it'll be easier to understand when you've read certain upcoming chapters of my fanfiction, \" The Memoirs Of Dr. Strangelove \". In any case, I do hope you enjoy the poem.) And, now, for a brief copyright-&-disclaimer... Dr. Strangelove & all elements & properties belonging to his movie © Stanley Kubrick & Columbia Pictures. I only claim ownership to the following poem, my invented first name for Dr. Strangelove (which is mentioned below), & the character of his wife, Mary. When you're finished reading the story, feel free to leave a review. I'll take anything from simple comments to constructive criticism, as long as they're not flames or written in a mean, rude, or overly-harsh manner. And now that my copyright-&-disclaimer is finished, let the fan-poem begin! Happy reading! To my darling Engel, Mary, Whom I will love always & forever – Braun I was a prisoner, sentenced to wear Chains I couldn't remove, chains that forced me to bear All the great pain & shame that took root in my past... I felt this torture would always last! Even after the War, when I moved to the States, I was greeted with cold stares & words of hate When I tried to assure folks that I meant no ill will, They refused to believe me, & fled for the hills! Whenever someone came my way, They'd look at me, then turn away, For they were too afraid to see The good that was inside of me They would call me a monster, a villain, a kraut... They told me to go back home! They wanted me out, But I couldn't return to my homeland again, So I stayed, & remained an object of the people's disdain It was only until I moved to a new city That life for me became a little less...gritty... I was treated with kindness, & respect to me was shown By people who viewed me as one of their own! But in spite of my newfound acceptance (& friends), My emotional agony still didn't end, For I continued to feel great anguish & despair As a result of the past that I couldn't repair I was often wandering through the dark, Alone, afraid, & without a spark To light the way to a brighter place Of beauty & warmth, of love & grace... I was certain that I would always be confined Within those shackles that burdened my heart & mind... But, then, an angel came, & she held the key To undo the chains, & set me free! Mary, darling, I thank you for liberating me! You are the angel who lifted my soul Out of the darkness, & made it whole! I no longer feel any pain, For you are here, & life is wonderful... You delivered me out of the grim, dismal hell In which I feared I would always dwell! Gone is my suffering & woe! Now, you are here, & life is wonderful... I thank the Lord each day & night For filling my world with that blessed light, The light I see in your sweet hazel eyes... (I pause for a moment to let out a sigh) While I'm working at home or doing business outside, I can't wait for the moment when you, my sweet bride, Come back after your shift to greet me with a kiss, As you wrap your loving, tender arms around the one you've missed I enjoy spending each moment of the day With you, my beloved, in any & all ways! Just to share a meal or a warm, hot bath, Or to tickle your tummy & make you laugh, Is a wonderful experience I truly treasure... Those little moments give me much pleasure, But I would never have such lovely times to reminisce upon Had your tender affections (& hand in marriage) I not won! For the first time in my whole life, Since you became my darling wife, I feel complete, as though you are the piece de resistance In the puzzle that symbolizes my existence! We're like peas in a pod, & you fit me like a glove! There's so much about each other that we can't help but love! You're the cream in my coffee, the sun in my sky, And the wings that lift me up & enable me to fly! When I wake up beside you in bed every dawn, I smile when I look at the face of my fawn, My sweet little Kitz with tawny eyes, With delicate hands & slender thighs, With a curly cascade of dark-brown hair, With ruby lips & skin so fair... To me, you are a porcelain doll That I can pick up & hold, but must never let fall (Lest I break your heart into dozens of pieces so small!) You are my princess, my lovely maid, Who I will always be there to aid, Yet you are also a pillar of strength to support me... You are my love, & life is wonderful... You are a shining star that fills me with hope, And whenever I'm dangling, you are the rope That will lead me to safety on higher ground! You are my love, & life is wonderful... When I drift off to sleep, I often dream of your face, And how you filled my life with grace... You have changed me & touched me in ways I can't express, And because of you, I know that I am blessed! I don't ever have to worry, for you're always close by To dry my tears whenever I cry, To help me out whenever I'm in need, And heal my wounds when they start to bleed You are a blanket that keeps me warm, You are an umbrella to shield from the storm, You are a soldier who keeps guard over me, You are a beautiful portrait I always love to see! You are the roaring fire that takes away the chill, You are the pretty flower growing on my window-sill, You are the gentle melody that soothes my weary soul, You are the medicine that cures me when I have a cold... You are a toy that keeps me entertained for hours, You are a butterfly busily flitting among the greenhouse flowers, You are a glass of refreshing water that nourishes my being, You are a graceful ballerina that I simply adore seeing! You are the scented soap that cleanses me from head to toe, You are the leading lady in my bio-picture show, You are the paint that fills my world with beautiful colors, You are the sugar that keeps my cup of tea from tasting duller... You are an oasis flourishing in a dismal desert, You are a lotion that heals me where I'm hurt, You are a candy morsel that sweetly satisfies my hunger, You are the lover I wish I had when I was younger! You are the candle that fills the darkness around me with light, You are the moon that brightens all of my nights, And when I look into your eyes, You are the mother I visualize Tenderly holding our unborn child... You are the woman who gives me strength And makes my spirit reach ultimate lengths! I feel I can take on anything, For you are here, & life is wonderful... You are the blood that races through my veins And makes my heart beat, letting life sustain! I'll never feel lonely again, For you are here, & life is wonderful! You are the rainbow that shines when the storm has recessed, Filling me with hope & happiness! I'm so glad that I married you! Now, you are mine, & life is beautiful... You are a goblet of rich red wine That intoxicates me with a taste divine! Let me drink from you until I am satisfied, As a warm, soothing feeling fills me inside... A feeling that touches my heart... (Now that you are mine, my life is beautiful!) You are the finger that brushes away my tears, And the comforting figure who vanquishes my fears! Whenever I'm feeling down & blue, You're always there to pull me through... I no longer lose the will to survive, For I know there's a reason why I'm alive... And that is you, Mary! You are the reason...why my life is beautiful! ","Summary":" YOU ARE... A poem by Dr. Strangelove AUTHOR'S NOTES: This little gem of mine was completed during m"},{"Movie":"Dr. Strangelove","Title":"Ripping the Ripper","Author":"A Fire in the Attic","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5996368","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Probably very few people have even seen this film...but that's okay. This is actually a school assignment, but not an original piece of fiction, as it is based on Dr. Strangelove: Or How I Stopped Worrying and Learned to Love the Bomb. It's probably hard to understand if you haven't seen the movie. Sorry! Ripping the Ripper He stared at the water in his glass and grimaced, his eyes narrowing. He shook it slowly, swirling it around in the glass. Scowling, General Jack Ripper dumped the water into the sink, and nearly threw the glass, only just containing himself. He was no idiot. The Ruskies may have contaminated everyone else, but he would not be poisoned with this...fluoridation. This invasion. Instead, he picked up a bottle of his pure grain alcohol. He'd maybe end up dehydrated, but better that than poisoned. He took a gulp of the alcohol and moved to sit behind his desk in his dark office. The shades were parted, but his eyes never strayed from the blank wall across the room. Another gulp. He looked down at the paper before him, filled with scribbles. Peace on Earth-a ridiculous dream. As long as the Ruskies were poisoning the Americans. He slammed down the bottle. It was so obvious! What did the Soviets drink? Vodka. Consistently. It seemed that water never touched their lips. Keep your friends close, your enemies closer. Including their habits. He intended to. Ripper read the manual again, stopping on Plan R. Plan R. If he was right about the water, he could call in the attack. He could wipe out the Ruskies. Within a few months, water would be drinkable again. Within a few days, the world would be safe from a Commie threat. Peace on Earth would be attainable. The red alert button taunted him. All he had to do was push it. Captain Mandrake would call, asking what was happening. He'd tell him to lock down the camp and guard for Russians dressed as Americans. He'd order Plan R. The B-52s would move in. The Union of Social Soviet Republics would be terminated. And Ripper would...well...he didn't know what he would do. And so he hesitated. Took another gulp. And winced-he'd run out of the alcohol soon. And then where would he be? Dehydrated, even more so, perhaps. Dead. He owed it to himself to hit that button. He owed it to the Americans, who were being poisoned daily. He released a swear word, hit the button, and waited for the phone to ring. RTR Explanation: Essentially, this is Ripper's thought process before he starts the whole nuclear mess. It also capitalizes on the paranoia, power, and desperation that is symbolized by Ripper's character, which the United States and the Soviet Union both felt, directed toward each other. It's not any outside information, but it is delving a bit deeper into his thoughts. It also displays that idea that Americans may have believed that if the Soviet/Communist threat were eliminated from the world, perhaps their would be \"peace on Earth\", which connects to the movie with Ripper's scribbles of the OPE acronym. It shows Ripper's desperation and hope for the American people, as well, in his distrust of the Soviets and the threat of water fluoridation. It's interesting that he was worried about fluoridation, since we now use it in controlled doses in our water. Still, he grew paranoid, both for the safety of himself and his country. This paranoia eventually caused him to overreact and detonate the bombs, basically. He also seemed to lack communication skills, which is also demonstrated here, as he debated this whole plan out all by himself, without consulting someone level-headed like Mandrake, or communicating with the Pentagon, for example. ","Summary":" A/N: Probably very few people have even seen this film...but that's okay. This is actually a school"},{"Movie":"Dr. Strangelove","Title":"Loss Of Essence","Author":"The Mouse Avenger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5488125","Passage":"[Chapter 1] LOSS OF ESSENCE AUTHOR'S NOTES: The fanfiction you are about to read is the result of random fangirl musings, hours of poring through Edgar Allen Poe & various historical texts, & my habit of incessantly viewing (& quoting) \" Dr. Strangelove \" for the past several months. Feel free to have a chuckle or two to yourselves in light of this rather amusing introduction, then once you're done laughing, allow me to explain the origins of this story in further depth—this time, in a not-so-amusing manner. For as long as I've been cultivating my obsession with the cinematic classic of which I now speak, I, the author, have pondered about the reasons why General Jack D. Ripper, the ill-fated commander of Burpleson Air Force Base, succumbed to insanity. After paying more attention to a certain number of Ripper's lines, & reflecting upon the possible meanings behind those lines, I have come up with an interesting theory that might offer an explanation about the mental collapse of our late, lamented general. This theory will be elaborated upon, dear readers, in the tale that I am about to present to you. Now, some of you might be wondering, \"Just what kind of a story is this fanfiction of yours?\" Think of it as a narrative in the old \"Gothic\" style of writing, only one that relies more on the conventions of modern language; to capture the overall mood & feel of Gothic writing, I turned to some of Poe's greatest works—including \"The Tell-Tale Heart\", \"The Cask Of Amontillado\", & \"The Masque Of The Red Death\"—for inspiration. I'm hoping that you will be impressed with my efforts in perfecting the effect of the grim & macabre elements that I have added to my fanfiction. Also, please bear in mind that while this story is rated PG, it's a very strong PG, as it does contain a few references to \"the physical act of love\" (as General Ripper so eloquently put it). However, said references are not explicit or overly-frank in detail, & have been written in such a manner that they would probably be considered safe for work (& most homes). I have the authors of several classic novels to thank for providing me with some inspiration & ideas on how to write innuendo that does a clever job at disguising the hidden messages, but (hopefully) doesn'tcome across as shoddy or weak or anything of that nature. That having been said, let me offer a few last words to you, before we begin our \"feature presentation\". Our story, which I have entitled \" Loss Of Essence \", is told from General Ripper's perspective, in the moments before Group Captain Mandrake first arrives at his office. Imagine Ripper sitting in a plush chair at his hard-wood desk, quietly smoking a cigar in the solitude of his chambers; the doors to the room are shut, & the blinds are drawn, depriving the area of the bright morning sunlight, which helps to create a feeling of darkness & dreariness that matches the dark & dreary emotions that are raging inside of the general. For behind the façade of cold stoicism & rational level-headedness, there are secrets that General Ripper is hiding...secrets that he feels can only be entrusted to you—the readers who are fortunate to hear his tale. Guard Ripper's secrets well, my friends, & make sure that they remain safely-hidden from the eyes of the public world...After all, General Ripper does have a reputation to protect. General Jack D. Ripper & all elements & properties belonging to \" Dr. Strangelove \" © Stanley Kubrick & Columbia Pictures. I only claim ownership to the story itself. When you're finished reading the story, feel free to leave a review. I'll take anything from simple comments to constructive criticism, as long as they're not flames or written in a mean, rude, or overly-harsh manner. And now that my copyright-&-disclaimer is finished, let the fanfiction begin! Happy reading! August 1, 1952 The little clock upon my office wall is ticking, slowly ticking, marking the passage of time with each movement of its black, plastic hands. Just out of the corner of my eye, I can see a tiny shaft of morning sunlight trying to reach the floor of my office, aiming to touch the ground & spread across the room as it fills my lonely chamber with its warm, golden glow...But the blinds are too narrowly-spaced for the sunbeam to get through, & quietly, it draws back through the glass of my big square window, leaving the office in darkness once more. Shadows fill every corner of the room, haunting me, taunting me with their presence...Those alien, black blobs are shrouded in a hazy aura, disguising themselves in the most innocuous of forms—alas, they are not mere silhouettes, but dark spirits that wish to torture me! The spirits have haunted me for as long as I can remember, & no matter what I do, I can never escape them, for everywhere I go, I can sense an evil spirit hiding in every person I happen to meet. Like vicious velociraptors, the spirits are watching, waiting to leap out at any moment & attack me; they want to get inside my mind & gain knowledge of my most personal thoughts & feelings! They want to exploit my weaknesses, to tear down my defenses & overpower me with their corrupt influence...but they never will! I won't let those spirits gain control of me, or anyone else, for that matter! I would rather die than let myself be subjected to the wicked whims of those shady fiends, those Commie punks who try so hard to win people over to their side with their powers of subversion & coercion...But today, the Red Legion & all who sympathize with them will be vanquished & thrown into Hell, where they belong! By the time my boys have finished carrying out their duties, the world will once again become a safe haven for all who believe in democracy & freedom! (sigh) Oh, why do I even bother? I can't keep this up anymore. I'm losing it. There's no question in my mind about it. I am definitely losing it. You know it. I know it. The people at Burpleson Air Force Base know it...well, except for Mandrake. He doesn't know yet, but he'll soon find out, one way or the other. Why don't I just save him the trouble of discovering on his own? I'll tell him I'm losing it! But losing what, you're probably wondering? My mind? My essence? The little time I have left to live? Well, I'll give you a clue: it's not any one of these... Hmm, I don't seem to be getting any response. Are you having trouble guessing? Have I left you stumped, somehow? Then, pray allow me to unravel the riddle for you, & I shall reveal the true answer: it's \"D\"—all of the above. My days on this Earth are numbered, & as my life forces slowly & gradually slip away from me, so does my sanity. I am doomed to waste away in silent agony, as my brain melts into a limp lump of gooey Swiss cheese, losing its ability to function as a tool of my once-powerful intellect. This process of deterioration will only continue, until nothing is left—of body or brain. I've been this way for a long time, but I wasn't always aware of it. Only very recently, have I discovered the root of the physical (& mental) problems that have been plaguing me...& already, I'm beginning to wish that I had found out earlier. Had I sought treatment for my ailment 28 years ago, I would've been fine & perfectly sane...but, alas, it's far too late to do anything now! The disease is in its tertiary stage, so no treatment or cure can save me from the brink of the abyss. The chance to be free of that burden is long gone. There's no hope for me! I am gone! I am gone! And once I take that final plunge into never-ending darkness, the world will have seen the last of General Jack Duke Ripper! But I promise you—no, solemnly swear to you—that I am not going to leave this world without leaving my mark on history! This whole tragedy could have been avoided, had the hands of fate been a little kinder to us living creatures. Under normal circumstances, I wouldn't have satisfied the urge to start a war, & those orders would never have been sent to the bomb-wing! But these are desperate times, my friends, & desperate times call for desperate measures. My move was a bold one, I'll admit that much, but I have no regrets! It had to be done—for the sake of our nation, & our way of life! The good people of the United States will be sure to thank me for my heroic acts when this ordeal is over, for those brave soldiers out there will have died for a noble cause; they'll have sacrificed themselves in order to protect our great country from the Communist menace! And if anyone thinks that such acts of martyrdom weren't worth taking the risk I have taken, they can take comfort in the fact that they'll forever live in freedom from Red totalitarianism. That's how their late loved ones would want them to live... Now, you may be thinking that I, who claim responsibility for the potential loss of life in the forthcoming war to end all wars, am in no position to assume what deceased beings would have desired for their friends & families. But if you will indulge me a little, please try to look at the situation from my perspective, &, hopefully, you'll see where I'm coming from. You have to understand, I only had the best intentions when I made my decision to send the 843rd bomb-wing to fire weapons on their targets inside Russia. The whole point of this endeavor was, as I have already mentioned, to defeat the Commies & prevent them from spreading their evil empire across the globe...oh, & also to prevent them from fluoridating our water supply. You seem surprised by that last statement...although it's no surprise to me that you seem surprised. After all, no one outside of military or political circles is supposed to know about fluoridation of water...but as it happens, you're the first civilians to find out about it, & if you promise to keep it a secret, I'd be happy to shed more light upon the subject for you. You see, fluoridation of water is the most monstrously-conceived & dangerous Communist plot we have ever had to face! Just think about it—really, really think about it for a second, will you? The fresh, pure water that once flowed from the faucet of your kitchen sink or your bathtub is now being polluted with fluoride particles! By tapping into our water supply & tainting it with toxic chemicals, the Communists wish to sap & impurify all of our precious bodily fluids! And those Red devils don't plan on ending their fluoridation scheme there; in addition to water, they also plan to poison all sorts of condiments & confectionary delights! If the Commies should infiltrate our food-processing plants, they'll be able to get away with fluoridating flour, fruit juice, milk, sugar, soups, sauces, & ice cream! Ice cream, for God's sake! Even the poor, innocent little children are not safe, as long as the Commies are around to make their villainous goals a terrifying reality, & a living nightmare for all peace-loving & law-abiding people throughout the world! But, as I keep stressing to you, that's precisely why I started this war in the first place. With plenty of strength & luck on our side, our military forces will annihilate the Communist savages, & when the Russkies are gone, so are our problems. Our water & food will be free of toxins, &—more importantly—the men, women, & children of every nation can live their lives in peace, without having to worry about suffering under the iron rule of a socialist dictatorship! I know, I know, no need to tell me...You fancy me mad. You think that I'm insane. Now, don't try & convince me otherwise; I can hear you snickering to yourself, scoffing at my ideas like they're a bunch of silly fantasies. But these theories are no products of an addled mind—I've thought of them long before I became afflicted with the sickness. How is that possible, you ask? Well...erm, let me try & put this as delicately & discreetly as words will allow me to do. I first discovered my theories...during the physical act of love, shall we say. As to how that came about, it's a long story, but if you're willing to stay & listen, feel free to take a seat on my couch, & kindly lend an ear, while I explain to you about the origins of my hypotheses (& don't worry—I'll take great care to spare you from hearing the more graphic details of my tale). It all began 28 years ago, near the middle of the Roaring 20's...in August of 1924, if I remember correctly...I had recently turned 20 years old, & was soon to enter my third-class (or sophomore) year of college at West Point Military Academy. I had taken leave to spend my summer vacation with my parents in New York City, & before I even knew it, said vacation was already coming to an end. On one hot Saturday afternoon, during the very last weekend of August, I bid \"farewell\" to Mom & Pop, & left the hustle & bustle of the Big Apple to return to West Point, where I could get settled in & prepare for the forthcoming school year. At one point, upon reentering the campus grounds, I decided to have some dinner at one of the cadet-oriented restaurants in the area, & when I was finished with my meal, I began to make my way to my old dormitory...but on my way over there, I suddenly stopped when I heard a peculiar sound. It wasn't the whistling of the wind, or the shuffle of students' footsteps upon the ground...My ears were perking up to a sound that wasn't of the usual campus environment. But what was it, exactly? A few seconds passed, & then, I heard the strange sound again. It was the airy laugh of a young lady! Had she somehow wandered into West Point? Feeling curious enough to try & find the woman, I followed the sound of her laughter, & then, after walking a long way away from the academy, I came into a clearing, & found the mysterious girl, standing a few feet in front of me. She was around my age, but she had a mature look about her features; her face was adorned with makeup, & she was dressed in the height of flapper fashion—long, dangly pieces of jewelry, a beaded skull-cap, fishnet stockings, & a brightly-colored dress with matching high-heels. She was a very pretty lady, indeed, & I couldn't resist the urge to approach her, in the hopes of getting acquainted with her. The girl & I introduced ourselves to one another, then started talking over various topics. At some point, during the course of our conversations, we were feeling friendly enough to come a little closer to each other; then, one of us would be stroking the other's arm, or petting the other's face, or smoothing a hand across the other's hair...Eventually, all that tender touching led to a part of our encounter that was much more intimate than anything we had experienced before. Keeping my earlier promise to you, however, I won't tell you anything more than that; I'll just skip ahead to the very end of my rendezvous with the alluring young lady. 15 minutes after the girl & I had retired into a small forest near the clearing to get to know each other...a little more personally, if you will...we sat up beside one another on the small patch of grass where we had continued with our tête-à-tête . After pulling my white shirt-sleeves over my undershirt, fastening them, & tucking them into my trousers, I turned to face the girl, who smoothed down the hem of her dress, before taking a moment to properly adjust her once-disheveled jewelry. When she had fixed her large pearl necklace, the woman turned to look at me with a nervous expression on her lovely face. She was probably a little embarrassed about what had taken place between us, but I tried to assure her that it was OK. \"Hey, don't worry,\" I said to my lady-friend as I gently held her hand in mine. \"It was my first time hanging out with a girl, so I'm a little embarrassed about it, too.\" \"That's cool,\" said the girl as she tried to put on a smile. \"At least, I know I'm not the only one to feel like this.\" \"You've never hung out with a boy before, have you?\" I asked the girl with a playful smirk. \"Well... not really, \" the girl said hesitantly. From the way she had said those two words, I wasn't too sure if the girl was lying to me, or if she was still feeling embarrassed. However, I decided not to push the issue further. Still holding the girl by the hand, I rose to my feet, helping my fair lover up at the same time. Then, I turned to look at her again, & asked, \"So, where do you live? Your parents are probably wondering where you are right now...I think I should take you home, before they start to get worried sick about you.\" \"Oh, don't worry about me,\" the young lady said, still smiling coyly at me. \"I appreciate your concern, but I'll be all right. Really.\" Then, with a kiss on my cheek, the girl gently pulled her hand out of mine, & began to walk away, her well-rounded figure swaying tantalizingly to & fro in the pale moonlight that was shining down on the Earth from the starry skies. No sooner did I watch the girl finally disappear from my view, like a beautiful apparition that had once been dancing before my very eyes, than I let out a sigh of breath. For a moment, I felt as though I were beginning to miss the girl's presence...but then, I began to breathe over & over again, inhaling & exhaling more deeply & more loudly each time. As I did so, I started to think that, perhaps, it was more than just a mere sign of pining for the girl; in the pit of my stomach, I was beginning to experience a sense of fatigue, a feeling of emptiness. I felt drowsy, wanting to just go somewhere to lie down & rest for several hours...My vision was clouding, but it was getting even harder for me to see as I struggled to keep my eyes open. Why was I feeling so tired all of a sudden? The night was still young, far too early for me to think about sleep now... And, then, it hit me. I wasn't just losing my ability to stay focused—I was losing my very bodily essence! My life forces were slipping away from me, but why? What was the cause of this strange ailment that was afflicting me? Then, I began to reflect upon that lovely enchantress, & the time we had spent together in the forest; I remembered feeling just fine, up until the moment we parted & went our separate ways. It must have been her fault! I was now quite certain that, during our rendezvous, the girl had taken away my essence! I didn't know how she did it, or why she did it, but the all-too-obvious fact was staring me right in the face, long after the girl had gone & flown away to God-knows-where! She was too far away from the clearing now. There was no way to get in touch with the girl again, to ask her what was happening to me, to see if she could somehow help me! I was alone. More than that, I was confused. I was scared. I was angry, & ashamed at myself for having gotten into this mess. I was a college kid, so young & so full of life, with a bright future ahead of me, & a career in the U.S. Army Air Forces with my name on it! And of all that was going to go down the drain, just because I had to jump on the bandwagon that most other college boys were already on! I had to have a summer fling with the prettiest girl I could find! And now, I realized that I was going to pay a terrible price for listening to my heart, & not my head! What would the people at West Point—even worse, what would my parents —think of me, when they heard what had happened tonight?! But that's just it, I assured myself. They're not going to find out what happened between me & the girl! It'll just be my little secret...Nobody else will have to know a thing. It was settled, then. Not a living soul would ever hear about my encounter with the girl who had milked me dry & run for the hills, bringing with her the goods she had taken. And if nobody found out, nobody would punish me for what I had done. As long as I kept the knowledge of those painful memories to myself, I would be A-OK. Or so I thought... The following morning, after waking up in bed in my dorm at West Point, I went to take a bath in the washroom. I quickly disrobed, got into the tub, & started washing myself thoroughly with soap & hot water, hoping to remove all traces of my romantic encounter with the girl from last night. By the time I'd begun washing my, erm, groin, I gradually noticed that something had appeared in that area...something that shouldn't have been there. It felt like a big bump or a sore, but it wasn't at all painful! Could it have been a leftover bug-bite? Maybe, a mama mosquito had sneaked up on me & the girl while we were in the forest, & decided to have a taste of my blood...No, on second thought, it wasn't a bug-bite. It felt like something else entirely, although I wasn't really sure what. However, since the bump didn't irritate my skin, or look like anything out of the ordinary, I paid no more mind to it, & finished washing up, before getting out of the tub, getting dressed, & going to set up my dorm in preparation for the upcoming term. For the next 4 weeks, that little bump remained on my body, until, finally, on the end of the 28th day, it suddenly disappeared, leaving only the traces of a faint scar in the area where it had once been. Strange...Never before in my life could I ever recall receiving such an unusual skin eruption! But in the time that followed after my affliction with the sore, I started to hear complaints from some of the other cadets that they, too, had received similar bumps on their bits-&-pieces, or elsewhere; coincidentally, the bumps on these students appeared just 10 days after, for whatever reason, they came into close contact with me or anyone else who had the lesion. Whenever one of the cadets went to ask me if I knew anything about the peculiar sore he was getting, I just shrugged & told him that it would probably fade away in a month or two, like mine did. Back then, my fellow cadets & I thought that there was just some kind of funny little bug going around—nothing to worry about too much—but we lived in a more innocent time in those days. Hardly anybody who wasn't a doctor or a nurse knew about syphilis (nor did they bother to ask anybody what it was, if they should ever hear about it). In the Roaring 20's, & much earlier than that, nearly everyone (if not everyone) believed that you could only get diseases like that from partaking in lewd or lascivious behavior with other people. Your eyes were never opened to the grim reality of the matter...that anybody —not just men or women of ill repute—was at risk for receiving a horrible ailment like syphilis. And when generations of people grow up in ignorance, & fail to educate themselves or their children about things they should already know, the ignorance is passed on, & the cycle of foolish unawareness can only continue, providing pathways to unseen dangers & deadly hazards that—had our ancestors only been brave enough to enlighten themselves with knowledge, & debunk their foolish fantasies, those nonsensical notions that left them trapped in the Dark Ages—could have been avoided. More than we like to admit it to ourselves, we are ultimately responsible for perpetuating the stereotypes that have been ingrained in our minds for centuries—how males & females are \"supposed\" to behave, how certain species of creatures are \"destined\" to be superior over others, how certain races of people are \"meant\" to be inferior to others—but with education & enlightened minds, we can break the cycle of ignorance & intolerance, & begin building our society in such a way that there are no boundaries for anything or anyone , except for those that you set for yourself! Alas, only recently have we finally begun to tear down those earlier barriers between the different groups of the world, but the changes resulting from our newfound freedom are quite noticeable. More & more women are working outside the home & seeking a new place for themselves in a civilization that was once ruled by men, while an increasing number of white folks are trying to open up to people of other races, & poverty is becoming less widespread than it was in the past...just to name a few of the powerful revolutions that are taking root among us. Slowly, but surely, we're beginning to see signs of progress, but although we've come so far down that road, & are making such great improvement in our lives, we still have so far to go. I have no doubt, however, that we'll get to the end of that road one day, & eventually, all the people & beasts of the world will live together happily, without a single drop of bad blood to be found anywhere. Even so, we must remember that education & enlightenment are the keys to the utopia that awaits us all! But, unfortunately, those keys were not handed down to the people of my generation. We were the unlucky ones, the ones who were fated to spend the rest of our lives trapped behind closed doors, wandering in the darkness & not really knowing anything, not fully understanding about the ways of the world... In the Jazz Age, education—true education—was a privilege & a benefit that more often went to the nobility, rather than to anyone else who could afford schooling at the college of their choice. Sure, if you were middle-class or higher (or if you were lucky enough to afford this year's tuition with the savings from your piggy-bank & your weekly paycheck, plus tips), you could sit down in a chair & listen to the teachers talk about this & that, then hopefully graduate with a diploma four years later...but there was a far greater chance for you to not only get your diploma & leave the confines of that dreary lecture hall, but to go out & actually see the world & everything it had to offer, if you belonged to one of the nation's finer families. And if you didn't? Well, you were much better off spending all your time in the library & trying to learn about life from thousands of old books; it was certainly a lot safer than taking the other route, that of mingling with the masses on the dingy city streets, & reveling in a dense, never-lifting haze of ignorance. A haze that (try as you might) you could never see past; a haze that could never be penetrated with even the strongest beam of light; a haze that alienated you from everyone around you, so that you could not find your way through the mist to reach out to those figures in the distance—to acknowledge their presence, to approach them, to actually get to know them for who they were. In that fog, with all those other people around, you were never alone, & yet, you were still isolated—from the dozens of folks that you chose to ignore, in favor of staying close to your comfort spots. That is the driving force behind ignorance—people are too afraid to look past their experiences & seek additional knowledge, to enrich their minds & gain new insight into the way they view themselves & the rest of the world. It was this same fear that left so many of us—so many people of my generation—in the dark, without a single light to show the way to new levels of consciousness. Many of us went to college & came out with a degree in whatever subject tickled our fancy, but we still didn't really know anything. Nobody told us the truth that lay behind many of the myths & misconceptions we held about life. And the fairy tales about syphilis & other diseases of that nature were no exception. Hence, I had no reason to suspect that something much worse than a bump on my groin was taking place inside of me, spreading across my system like a deadly parasite that wanted to poison every organ, every nerve, in my body, before taking hold of the tainted tissue & eating away at it—like pack animals devouring the meaty flesh of a poor, helpless creature they had just killed for a fresh meal. The disease was the predator, & everything it could get at in my body was the prey. It was only a matter of time before my brain, too, would become a victim of the virus' ravenous hunger. A little more than a month passed after the disappearance of that single sore, but I regret to say that my physical troubles were far from over. At the beginning of November, as I was walking back to my dorm on my way home from classes one evening, I started to feel a rash all over my body. It was driving me crazy, & I felt a continual urge to keep scratching at it, although it didn't do anything to relieve the irritation. When I got back to my dorm, I flopped down in a chair, & quickly peeled off my shirt & undershirt, before reaching to grab a bottle of salve that I kept on my chair-side table. I opened the bottle, dabbed some salve onto my hands, & frantically applied it to the rash, hoping it would go away...but it didn't. In fact, it began spreading everywhere —even to the palms of my hands, & the soles of my feet! And, God, that rash hurt even worse than it did just a few minutes ago! Hoping to make myself feel better, I got some more salve out of the bottle, & applied it to the rash again, but my efforts to make it disappear were futile. The small, reddish-brown hives were plastered over every square-inch of my body, making me want to writhe about in uncontrollable agony. Nothing I could do would ever seem to get rid of the rash, & for the next 2 weeks, I went to my lessons at West Point with ladies' cover-up over my person, & a paper bag over my head—I was too embarrassed to show my face to anyone while I was in this condition. But the circumstances of my strange ailment did not escape the notice of my teacher, & at the end of the fortnight, he sent me down to the nurse's office, where she quickly checked me out, & then suggested (with the teacher's approval) that I should take leave for the next few days, until I was feeling well enough to come back to school. And so I did. But those next few days dragged on into weeks, & another fortnight passed, during which I lay in bed all day, unable to get up for even a second without collapsing to the floor in agony. As those two weeks went by, the rash that had covered my body gradually disappeared, leaving some discoloration on my skin, but that wasn't the end of my pain & suffering. During & after the last few days of that hideous rash, I was struck down with a sore throat, followed by a fever of no more than 101 degrees. My hair began to fall out of my head in little patches—& even fell out of my eyebrows, too—& my weight dropped down by several pounds, leaving me weak & emaciated. I felt a vague sense of discomfort all throughout my body, which became more & more unbearable for me with each & every day that passed, to the point where all I wanted to do was try & sleep my sickness off. And as if I wasn't already feeling bad enough, along with the growing discomfort, came headaches & a stiffness in my neck! It seemed as though my misery would never cease...until the end of the fortnight came along, & I soon began to feel better, instead of worse. After a few more days of rest, all of the symptoms of my illness went away, & I was feeling well enough to return to my classes at the academy. When I came back into the lecture hall, my fellow students were glad to see me among them, & I was equally glad to be back. From that point on, things went smoothly for me at West Point, & after two more years of faithful attendance, I was a proud member of the graduating class of 1926. From there, it was off to the Army Air Forces, where I spent the next 24 years working my way up through the ranks from Second Lieutenant to Brigadier General, & in 1950, I was appointed as the commanding officer of Burpleson Air Force Base near Alvarado, Texas; in my new position, I was held responsible for overseeing the affairs of the 843rd bomb-wing in what was now known as the United States Air Force. Much to the delight of my superiors, the staff base, & the members of my assigned wing, I performed my job very well, & in the 2 years it has been my privilege to be commanding officer at Burpleson, I have never given my comrades anything less than what they expected of me. I have come to greatly enjoy & appreciate the duties that have been passed down to me, & I would never risk losing them for anything. In fact, it is now those very duties that I endeavor to fulfill, in order to help the people of the United States through these difficult times, & bring our nation to victory in our forthcoming war with the Red Army. But I am sorry to say that my career has not been untouched by tragedy; shortly after the beginning of my first year at Burpleson, things began to change, little by little...& not for the better. In June of 1950, I was halfway through the first year of my new job, &, already, I was beginning to feel right at home at Burpleson. During my first few months on the base, I had gotten to know several of my employees, including some of the members of the Armed Forces' new officer-exchange program (one of whom happens to be none other than my most loyal & dutiful servant, Group Captain Lionel Mandrake). I was being paid well enough to have a comfortable office with a bar & several other treats & trimmings, & I had earned the admiration & respect of all the people in my service. Life as a commanding general was, simply put, positively splendid. But when summer began, I had started to come down with a strange ailment, much like the one I had received all those years ago, at West Point. In the middle of work, I would sometimes stop & stare into space, gazing out at nothing (&, yet, all sorts of things) in particular, until I came back down to Earth several minutes later, & was left wondering why I had zoned out like that. Other times, whenever I was taking a catnap or dozing off during the night, my slumber would be troubled with horrifying nightmares, visions of hideous monsters & all sorts of terrible things! Then, I would abruptly awaken in a cold sweat, frightened & gasping for breath, as I looked around at my surroundings in a panic, trying to figure out where I was. And still other times, when nothing else occupied my mind, I was occasionally struck with a fleeting fancy, a notion of a peculiar nature, that didn't seem to make sense at first, but gradually became more believable to me as I thought about it. A couple of weeks after I first came down with my mental malady, one of those strange ideas that occasionally crossed my mind began to \"stick\", like a bothersome fly that had become fused with sticky adhesive paper, & that idea remained firmly grounded within my brain throughout the remainder of my career—it stays with me, even now. But what's the idea, you ask? Well, it's the same idea that I have discussed with you earlier: that Communists are attempting to fluoridate water & various other things, in order to sap & impurify the precious bodily fluids of the American people! If there's anything that the first few years of the Cold War has taught us, it's that we need to be on the lookout for suspicious activity, because if we're not careful, the Commies will bring about our downfall. Until we actually defeat them in battle, those Russkie punks will still have an opportunity to try & harm us. They'll gladly take that opportunity, unless we stop them in their tracks! And we will... The last couple of years have marked the dawning of the Red Scare, which has only served to enforce my theories on fluoridation of water. That little idea that once entered my thoughts, has become a full-blown realization of the Communist conspiracies that are underway, taking place without the knowledge of Americans. All the propaganda against the Socialists, all the political subtext you see on TV & the movies, all the rumors that are circulating about Communists in the newspapers—it's true! It's all true! The Commies are a danger to our society, & everywhere you go, you see proof of this! Every day, Russians are brainwashed by their totalitarian leaders into thinking that anything that's American or democratic is dangerous, & thus to be avoided at all costs! Those Red demons want to overpower us, to take away our freedom & all of the things we hold dear, but when we kick their butts in the upcoming battle, they won't even get the chance to achieve their wicked goals! Please, please, don't look at me that way. You need to realize, I'm not trying to do anything stupid. I know exactly what I'm doing! When this war is finished, everything will turn out right! By the time this ordeal is over, & the Communists are brought down from the position of power that they once so proudly held, you'll see! You'll see that my ideas are no foolish fantasies! Do believe me when I say that I only have the best intentions for the people of the United States. I only want to do what's right, so that I can help to protect poor, innocent people like you. You are the product of an enlightened age. Don't fall prey to the Communists' lies, or you, too, will be brainwashed, & brought back into that barbaric age that the people of the world once lived in... Alas, when the war is over, & the people of the free world have a chance to taste the sweet fruits of victory, I fear that I will not be feasting with them. As I have told you earlier, I have recently come to realize that for all this time I've been here, & long before, I've been ill with a disease that has now degenerated to a point where it's far past the point of a cure or treatment. The opportunity I had to heal myself is long gone, & I am gradually wasting away during what may be the last few months of my life. There is a chance that I may not even live to see the end of the war...but if that turns out to be the case, I'm certain that I will be watching down on everything from Heaven. I no longer fear the prospect of my looming death, for I happen to believe in a life after this one... Do you understand where I'm coming from now? Hopefully, you do, after listening to my tale. But if you don't, that's quite all right; just understand that every man has got his reasons behind everything he does—rationale in each action, for all intents & purposes. The things I do may seem unstable, but just try a little bit to empathize, because it's no use if you're unable to see things through others' eyes. That having been said, I bid you leave to go; no doubt, you probably have business to attend to elsewhere, & I have a private conference to carry out with Group Captain Mandrake. He should be here any minute...Well, speak of the devil! I think I hear Mandrake on his way in now! My, he's awfully early; I wonder what might have happened that made him want to see me so soon... ","Summary":" LOSS OF ESSENCE AUTHOR'S NOTES: The fanfiction you are about to read is the result of random fangir"},{"Movie":"Dr. Strangelove","Title":"Die Liebe Für Alle Leute","Author":"The Mouse Avenger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5109890","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Die Liebe Für Alle Leute (The Love For All People) A \" Dr. Strangelove \" poem AUTHOR'S NOTES: I just came up with this \"open poem\" for the \" Dr. Strangelove \" fandom, told from the perspective of the Gut Doktor himself. A lot of this poem ties in to my in-progress fanfiction, \"The Memoirs Of Dr. Strangelove\", especially because it shows the doctor in a sympathetic light (i.e., makes him seem less sinister or creepy to those who regard him as such) & paints a picture of the character as a kind, sincere, good-hearted, decent, noble man who seeks inner salvation for his past affiliations with the Nazis (which haunt him greatly, especially because their ideology went against much of his own personal beliefs) & truly wants to help the people of the world, not hurt them. But, unfortunately, it's hard for many folks to recognize Dr. Strangelove's true personality when they see the ex-Nazi standing--er, sitting--in front of them, acting all calm & cool & collected. Poor, misunderstood fellow... And now, for a brief copyright & disclaimer: All \" Dr. Strangelove \" characters, properties, & elements (C) Stanley Kubrick & Columbia Pictures. The above poem (C) The Mouse Avenger (that's me). I kindly ask that you please don't swipe it or use it without permission...'cause if you do, I'll go barracuda on you! When you're finished reading, please be sure to leave feedback when you're done. I'll take anything from comments to constructive criticism, as long as they're not flames or delivered in an overly-harsh, stern, or mercilessly-nitpicky manner. Enjoy the poem! Leery faces looking at me with cold expressions, Haggard eyes regarding me with suspicion They just don't seem to trust anything in this day & age, Much less myself I knew that when I came here, Some people would not feel comfortable In the company of an ex-Nazi And I can understand why they would feel that way I empathize! But at the same time, I wish they would understand When I try to tell them That I was not a true follower of Hitler, Despite what they may think of me, How they view me in their eyes I never really cared for the Nazis' ideals Or their radical, racist, bigoted beliefs I only joined the Nazis' ranks because I felt it would Somehow spare me from harm of any kind Brought on by that wicked \"Fuhrer\" & all his ilk The \"Seig Heil\" was done with insincerity When book-burnings & Kristalnacht were carried out, I turned my gaze away, Tried not to watch as the innocent victims of hatred Were brutally punished for crimes they did not commit, Other than simply being who they were! All anti-Semitic or anti-whatever discussions, I did my best to refrain from joining The \"Final Solution\", I did not approve of, And had I the choice, I would have spoken out against it I never took part in any killings, nor did I want to! I only helped the Nazis with weapon design & other things That required the use of my \"brilliant, intelligent mind\" If anyone was killed as a result of what I helped the Nazis make, I offer my condolences, I share some of the blame, But that's why I came to America-- To find a better way of living, to change my life, to clear my name! Yet some people thought I was just playing games, Telling lies to save my face But Lady Liberty held not the key to saving face! Ah, she held the key to inner salvation, She was my saving grace! The years have passed since I fled that war-torn land, my home of yore, And found new shelter on American shores, But many still regard me with suspicion & cold gazes, Deeming me not to be trusted On account of the past that I wish I could somehow change But until someone builds a time machine Or finds a way to alter the past somehow, We can't go back We can only move forward That's what I shall do! I shall keep going on with my life, Forget my woes of long ago, And live for the bright future That I know will await me And perhaps, one day, all of creaturekind... But when will we ever find utopia As long as the countries of the world are pitched In battle against one another? When sisters & brothers All the world over Can't learn to get along, No matter what their race, religion, gender, creed, or social stance may be? When America, the \"land of the free\", Is caught in a tangled web of interwoven bigotry? When people become so paranoid to the point Where they cannot trust their fellow citizens, Good & honest men...like me? ","Summary":" Die Liebe Für Alle Leute (The Love For All People) A \" Dr. Strangelove \" poem AUTHOR'S NOTES: I j"},{"Movie":"Dr. Strangelove","Title":"Liebelied","Author":"The Mouse Avenger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5743134","Passage":"[Chapter 1] LIEBELIED A \"Dr. Strangelove\" Ficlet AUTHOR'S NOTES: Since Valentine's Day is just around the corner, I thought I would make a little fanfiction piece to commemorate the occasion. The result is the following ficlet, which features Dr. Strangelove & his wife, my OC Mary Albright. Now, I should warn you that there are some parts or elements of the story that you may not \"get\" at first, but it'll be easier to understand when you've read certain upcoming chapters of my fanfiction, \"The Memoirs Of Dr. Strangelove\". In any case, I do hope you enjoy the fanfic. And, now, for a brief copyright-&-disclaimer... Dr. Strangelove & all elements & properties belonging to his movie © Stanley Kubrick & Columbia Pictures. I only claim ownership to the above fanfic, my invented first name for Dr. Strangelove, & the character of his wife, Mary. Oh, & before anyone asks, I did write the song Dr. Strangelove performs for Mary. It did take a few hours to make sure that all the grammar was correct, while also trying to make it rhyme at the same time, but I think the song turned out all right. (If you can't read German, feel free to ask me for an English version of the song, & I'll be happy to provide it for you.) When you're finished reading the story, feel free to leave a review. I'll take anything from simple comments to constructive criticism, as long as they're not flames or written in a mean, rude, or overly-harsh manner. And now that my copyright-&-disclaimer is finished, let the fanfiction begin! Happy reading! Braun Strangelove leaned back comfortably in his wheelchair, as he gently nibbled on the end of the fountain pen that he held in his gloved right hand. A single sheet of paper lay on the surface of his work-desk, only showing a single word in the top-center, written in elegant black script: \" Liebelied \". Braun was trying to compose a song for his wife, Mary, in honor of Valentine's Day, but he was having trouble getting started. Usually, poetry & songwriting were not very hard for the gut Doktor , but, today, it looked like he had gotten writer's block! And just before Mary was to come home from her shift at the mine-shaft community's hospital! Braun had planned to surprise Mary upon her return home, but with only a couple of hours until she arrived, it didn't seem like his plans were going to work out. Not as long as his writer's block was troubling him. Great, Braun grumbled mentally as he pulled his fountain pen out from between his teeth, & slammed it down on the partially-written piece of paper in frustration. Just great! He crossed his arms over his chest, & glowered from behind his black sunglasses, pouting like an irritated young boy who had been denied something that he really wanted. Where are those infernal Muses when you need them? After sulking for a moment or two, Braun picked up the pen from the table, & tapped the end of it against his right temple, hoping to ignite a spark of creativity that would help him get started on his poem. Come on, Braun! the doctor urged himself. You can do this...Just think of something for inspiration! Anything! Braun racked his brains for a little while longer, initially coming up with nothing...but, then, just when Braun was about to give up on the entire project altogether, he suddenly felt a wave of intuitive insight wash over him. A stream of ideas was beginning to flow through his mind, nourishing his thirsty brain-cells with all sorts of stimulating thoughts...thoughts about love, thoughts about beauty & light, thoughts about sunshine & happiness, thoughts about life, thoughts about never-ending joy, thoughts about undying affection...thoughts about Mary... Braun closed his eyes, breathing deeply as he concentrated on those lovely thoughts & feelings that were filling his mind & soul. He dreamt of Mary's smiling face, her sweet hazel eyes, & her dark-brown hair that flowed down her back like a dunny waterfall...He thought of her laugh, & how it made his ears ring with a pleasant tingle whenever it flowed from her soft red lips...He thought of the way her eyes lit up whenever something (or someone) made her happy...He thought of how soft her skin felt against his whenever they touched...He thought of how much she meant to him, & how he was willing to do anything for her...even to die for her! Those inspiring & empowering thoughts continued to blaze inside of Braun, as he picked up his pen, put it down to his paper, & began writing his love song for Mary... Later on, early in the evening, the front door of the Strangelove house swung open, & a tall, slender young woman in a nurse's uniform stepped into the living room, the heels of her white shoes gently clacking against the smoothly-packed dirt floor. As she walked, Mary took a look at her surroundings, noticing that the living room looked a lot different than it did this morning. The electric lights had been turned off, & a few logs were piled up together in the hearth, giving off a gentle glow as they started to burn. In the dim light, Mary could see that the living room had recently been decorated; a few unopened presents, a fresh bouquet of roses, a Valentine heart, a greeting card, a box of chocolates, & a pink heart-shaped balloon (tied down to the wrist of a smiling teddy bear) lay on the coffee table. An old record-player had been taken out, & was now turned on, playing the beautiful waltzes of Strauss. A photo of Mary & her husband Braun, taken on their wedding day, was hung up on the wall to the left of the entrance to the kitchen / dining room, & when Mary went over to take a closer look at it, she could see a square sticky-note posted on the glass protecting the picture, in the lower-right-hand corner. On the note, in neat handwriting, was the following text: \"I have plenty of surprises for you tonight...The first one is in the kitchen.\" Mary took a few steps to the right, before stopping in the center of the threshold...& when she saw the inside of the kitchen, her hazel eyes lit up with delight. The dining table had been covered with a light-pink silk tablecloth, & in the middle of said table, there was a pair of candles (in silver holders) that gave off a warm, intimate glow, as the scent of roses drifted from their burning wicks. The surface of the tablecloth was adorned with cream-colored silk placemats, along with silver bowls & plates (& utensils, of course), filled with all sorts of delicious morsels...many of which were Mary's favorite foods. And as if Mary wasn't already delighted with what she had seen today, guess who came to make her Valentine's Day even more wonderful? \"Mary, darling!\" Braun exclaimed with a big smile on his face, as he wheeled into the kitchen to greet his wife. \"You're home!\" \"Yes, I am, Braunie,\" Mary said, returning her husband's smile, as she went over to kneel in front of Braun, & give him a kiss on the nose. \"I'm so glad to see you, after such a long day of work...\" \"I'm sure you are, liebling ,\" Braun replied, taking Mary by the hand, before leading her over to the table, where Mary took her seat in an adjacent chair. After Braun had wheeled over to the other end of the table, opposite of Mary, he fastened a bib around his neck, then took his silverware into his hands, & looked up at Mary with another smile. \"Well,\" he asked, \"why don't we both have dinner, &, then, we'll look at our presents?\" \"That seems like a good idea, Braun,\" Mary responded, tying a napkin around her own neck, before picking up her own utensils. \"All right,\" Braun said, before looking down at his meal, & taking the first few bites of it. Mary did the same thing, & before too long, husband & wife were heartily tucking into their Valentine's Day supper. As they ate, Braun & Mary both talked about various things--about what had happened to them during the day, who they saw, some of the funny jokes & conversations they had shared with friends or customers or patients...those little pleasures that made each day of their lives so special. At one point, Braun took his glass of sparkling grape juice, & lifted it up from its porcelain coaster, as Mary did the same. \"A toast,\" the good doctor said as he gazed lovingly at his wife from across the table. \"To life, love, & the pursuit of happiness!\" Braun & Mary toasted their glasses of grape juice in the air, then took a few sips from their drinks, before placing them back down on their coasters. Then, after having a few more bites of his dinner, Braun looked at Mary again with a smile. \"How's the baby?\" he asked tenderly, gazing at the noticeable swell in Mary's stomach (covered by the blouse of her white hospital uniform). Mary looked down at her belly, placing a hand on the bulging flesh. Patting & rubbing this hand over her stomach, Mary replied, \"It's doing fine, Braun.\" Six months ago, Braun had helped Mary get pregnant, & it would only be three more months until their child was born. \"Can you imagine, Braun?\" Mary whispered as she looked back up at Braun with a sweet, loving look in her eyes, as she continued to rub her hand over her tummy. \"It'll only be a few months until our little bundle of joy comes out into the world...I'm so happy.\" \"I am, too, Mary,\" Braun said, nodding his head in agreement. \"I can't wait for our child to be born.\" \"It's going to be so wonderful,\" Mary sighed, before going back to eating her dinner, as Braun followed suit. The two carried on with their dining & chatting for the next half-hour, enjoying the conversations they shared over their meal...& when they were finally done eating, Braun helped Mary out of her chair, then let her sit down in his lap, before wheeling her into the living room, where they could begin opening their Valentine's Day presents. Mary had been tickled-pink when Braun gave her the bouquet of roses, Valentine heart, candy box, balloon, & teddy bear she had found earlier, &, judging by her reaction, she was sure to go positively over the moon in ecstasy when she saw the other presents her husband had to offer her! One by one, Mary opened up each of the presents, & with each package she opened, she grew increasingly delighted with her gifts--a bottle of rose-scented perfume, a mechanical pair of waltzing figurines (made to resemble her & Braun in lovely evening attire), a book of Mary's favorite poems, a pearl necklace with a matching bracelet, & a set of scented lotions for the bathtub. Mary was so happy with all of her gifts, & she was eager to let Braun know that...but the Valentine's Day celebration wasn't over yet! \"You need to look at the card I made you,\" Braun said, giving Mary the handmade greeting card that went with her presents. Mary took a good look at the front of the lavender-colored card; it displayed a cartoon picture of an adorable baby Cupid, posing coyly as he held a big red Valentine behind his winged back. Above this picture, was a caption in pretty purple script: \"On this special day, you deserve something that's really, really uber-special...\" Mary opened up the card to look at the inside flap, where the message on the front continued in the same purple script, \"...because you are a really, really, uber-special woman!\" On the bottom of the inside flap, in black handwriting, was a more personal message from Braun: \"Happy Valentine's Day to you, my darling...Love, your husband.\" Mary looked up from the card, then gazed at Braun with those beautiful hazel eyes of hers...before giving her beloved spouse a great, big hug. \"Oh, thanks, Braun!\" Mary said, nuzzling Braun's neck, as she squeezed her slender arms around his shoulders. \"You're the best husband any woman could ever have!\" \"And you're the best wife any man could ever have,\" Braun whispered tenderly, stroking Mary's dark-brown hair with his gloved hand...but, then, he let out a soft gasp, as a wave of realization hit him. \"Oh, that reminds me!\" Braun said. \"There's one last present I have for you tonight, Mary...& that is the gift of song!\" With that, Braun cleared his throat, & began to sing his \" liebelied \" to Mary... Mary, meine Liebe, meine schöne Braut, Ich haben Freude, weil ich weiß dass Sie hier sind, Und Sie werden mir immer helfen, Wenn ich in Bedürfnis bin Mary, mein Engel, mein Liebling, meine Taube, Sie sind mein besonderer Schatz! Ihre Augen erzählen mir, dass ich Glück habe, Weil Gott Sie mir gegeben hat! Ich schätze Ihre Schönheit und Freundlichkeit, Und ich schätze Ihr süßes, hübsches Grinsen! Ich bewundere Ihre wohlklingende Stimme, Und Ihre Haut ist glatt wie Porzellan! Sie füllen mich mit Gelächter, bringen Sie freudige Lächeln zu meinem Gesicht! Sie nehmen meinen inneren Kummer weg, Damit mein Leben mit Licht gefüllt ist! Mary, ich schwören streng und ehrlich Dass ich ein treuer Ehemann sein werde, Aber versprechen Sie auch, meine Liebe, Mit mir zu bleiben, bis Sie sterben? Ach, Mary! Wenn ich Sie verliere, wird Meine Welt Spannung und Streit haben! Heiliger Engel, verlässt mich nicht! Sie sind meine ewige Liebe und Leben... When Braun had finished singing, he could see that Mary's eyes were watering. Braun smiled tenderly at his wife, & as he reached out his left hand to brush away the tears falling down Mary's cheeks, he whispered to her, \"Don't cry, Mary...\" \"Oh, Braun, it's fine,\" Mary said, smiling as she gently took Braun's hand in hers, before lowering it from her face. \"I'm just crying because I'm happy...I'm so happy to have you as my husband...\" Then, Mary looked down at her large, swelling stomach, before bringing her & Braun's hands down, placing them upon the soft flesh of her belly, & rubbing them back & forth over the area, as she added in a hushed tone, \"And I'm also happy to be the mother of your child...\" \"And I'm just as happy,\" Braun said with a beaming face (& a merry twinkle in his brown eyes), \"to be the father of our klein Kind ...& your husband, of course.\" Mary let go of Braun's left hand, then brought her right hand up to stroke the \"left\" side of Braun's face, as she leaned over to give him a loving kiss on the lips. \"You're a good man, Braunie,\" Mary said, smiling at Braun as she continued to caress his face. \"It's no wonder that I became so attracted to you when we first met.\" At this point, Mary was about to say more to Braun, but before she even realized what was happening, Braun suddenly took Mary into his arms, & pulled her into a tight embrace. While his arms tightened their grip around Mary, Braun began kissing his wife passionately on the lips, as his hands slid up & down the length of Mary's sides, along the slopes of her feminine curves. Mary couldn't help but moan a little, as she felt the sensation of Braun's mouth pressing against hers, followed by that of his moist tongue tickling her lips as it gently pushed inside of her mouth...Braun & Mary shared kiss after kiss after kiss, &, oh, how good it felt! Every time their lips touched, Mary felt her body tingle with a soothing sense of pleasure that made every nerve, every cell, blaze with warmth! \"Oh, Mary,\" Braun sighed as he continued kissing & embracing his wife, \"I want so much to give you more...more than just presents, more than just kisses & hugs...but that might not be the best thing right now, with you in such a...delicate condition. I-I mean, if we were to do anything, I might accidentally hurt the baby, &...well, things could happen, you know?\" \"That's OK, Braun,\" Mary told her husband with a sweet smile. \"I'm perfectly content just to sit in your lap, & talk with you all night long.\" \"Really?\" Braun asked, looking pleasantly-surprised (& also a little flattered). \"Oh, yes,\" Mary replied with a nod of her head, before giving Braun another kiss on the lips, as she brought her right hand up to the back of her husband's head, stroking his curly mass of light-brown hair. \"Just being with you is the most pleasurable experience that I could ever have.\" \"That's good to know,\" Braun said, before closing his eyes with a deep sigh, & letting himself surrender to Mary, as she showered him with more kisses & caresses... Finally, after several minutes, Mary let up on the kissing & touching, & let her lips & arms drift away from Braun...but Braun wasn't quite ready for her to stop just yet. Without warning, Braun grabbed his wife, & brought her back in for another hug, as he pressed his lips firmly, but ever-so-tenderly, against hers. The kiss lasted for several seconds, but when Braun's lips finally parted from Mary's, they whispered the most beautiful words that could ever be spoken to anyone: \" Ich liebe dich. I love you, Mary, with all of my heart & soul.\" \"I love you, too, Braun,\" Mary whispered back with a fond smile, gazing at her beloved with half-lidded hazel eyes. Those eyes fluttered closed when Mary was swept up into yet another kiss...a kiss that seemed to lift her soul up into the heavens, while her body remained in this world, with Braun...Braun, the love of her life, the man of her dreams, the object of her undying affections! How Mary hoped that this kiss would never end...How she hoped that she could share this moment with Braun forever! Whenever Braun & Mary were together, the world around them seemed to fade away, & the things that were on their minds didn't matter for a while. Let time stand still, Mary thought as she lost herself in the warmth of Braun's loving embrace. Let everything just come to a halt for a few minutes...Right now, the only person I need in my life, is my wonderful spouse. And unbeknownst to Mary, in the inner recesses of his mind, Braun was sharing those exact same sentiments. Happy Valentine's Day to all! ","Summary":" LIEBELIED A \"Dr. Strangelove\" Ficlet AUTHOR'S NOTES: Since Valentine's Day is just around the cor"},{"Movie":"Dr. Strangelove","Title":"Winter Musings","Author":"The Mouse Avenger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5558865","Passage":"[Chapter 1] WINTER MUSINGS A \"Dr. Strangelove\" Ficlet AUTHOR'S NOTES: This is a short ficlet written for the \" Dr. Strangelove \" fandom, featuring our favorite ex-Nazi scientist & President Merkin Muffley. It is one of two ficlets that I plan on posting for the winter season of 2009, but I'll leave the other one for a surprise for you...a Christmas surprise! ;-) Anyway, I do hope you enjoy this story. And, now, for a brief copyright-&-disclaimer... Dr. Strangelove, President Merkin Muffley, & all elements & properties belonging to \" Dr. Strangelove \" © Stanley Kubrick & Columbia Pictures. I only claim ownership to the story itself, & all original characters contained therein, including (but not limited to) Rachel & Edgar Muffley, as well as Dr. Strangelove's parents. When you're finished reading the story, feel free to leave a review. I'll take anything from simple comments to constructive criticism, as long as they're not flames or written in a mean, rude, or overly-harsh manner. And now that my copyright-&-disclaimer is finished, let the fanfiction begin! Happy reading! The December air was filled with a bitter chill as cold winter winds whirled & whistled through the streets of Washington, D.C. The clouds above the United States' capital city were dark & heavy, no doubt in labor with the snowfall that the weatherman had predicted would arrive on this gloomy winter day. The people that paraded down the sidewalks were bundled up in the warmth of their fur coats & caps, with their woolen scarves fluttering in the breeze, as they hustled & bustled on their way to their various destinations. There was only one man who wasn't dressed appropriately for the weather, & to the people who saw him, it was no surprise that he was shivering & shaking like a jitterbug. A black business suit, a white shirt, a single black glove, & black dress shoes weren't exactly the best cover from the harsh, stinging chill of the air. Although he was freezing to death, & already beginning to wish that he had spent some of his money on that nice coat he had seen at the store the other day, Dr. Braun Strangelove took comfort in the fact that he would be able to feel some much-needed warmth when he got into the lobby of the White House. President Merkin Muffley had invited the German doctor (who he considered to be a very good friend) over to the \"Presidential Palace\" to have lunch with him & his family, & Dr. Strangelove was eager to accept the Commander-In-Chief's offer to share a good, hot meal with the Muffleys in their special dining room. The First Lady, Rachel, had promised Dr. Strangelove that she would be sure to serve some of his favorite dishes—sausage & eggs, raspberry strudels, pretzels, & schnitzel, among others—& as he thought about the food he would be eating at the Muffleys' dinner table, he could feel his mouth watering in response to the visions of delicious culinary delights that filled his head; before too long, he became so engrossed in those thoughts, that he forgot all about the cold weather. Strangelove simply couldn't wait to make it to the White House, where he would have a warm fire, good food, & the company of friends to look forward to. After traveling down a few streets (the last being Pennsylvania Avenue), Dr. Strangelove finally reached the gates of the White House, & with a turn of the wheels of his chair, he began to make his way across the front lawn, & up the access ramp leading onto the front porch. When he got onto the porch, Strangelove started to make his way over to the front door...& then, on a whim, he changed his course a little, stopping in front of one of the windows that showed the main lobby of the White House. A large Christmas tree, not yet decorated, stood in the center of the room, looming over the people around it like a tall tower. Some of the White House servants were busy unpacking boxes of ornaments & decorations, which they would use to trim up the tree later on. And a few feet in front of the tree, Dr. Strangelove could see the Muffley family—the President, his wife, & his 5-year-old son, Edgar [1]—all standing together before him, separated only by the wall & window-pane. Little Edgar was laughing & giggling as his father playfully chased him around the lobby, while Rachel Muffley watched her \"two boys\" with an amused smile, her arms folded over her chest. While he watched the Muffleys from behind the window, his gloved right hand gently resting against the glass, Dr. Strangelove couldn't help but stare with his mouth slightly agape, as his brown eyes were fully focused on this family moment that was playing out in front of him like a scene from a movie. The vision of President Muffley joining Edgar in his merry games as they cavorted & capered in the lobby, lit with the warm glow of candles from the hanging chandeliers, evoked in Strangelove's mind a tidal wave of memories that began to rush through his brain, drowning him in a state of nostalgic reverie that lingered for several minutes. Now, Dr. Strangelove was beginning to relive all those moments that he had kept preserved & hidden away in the darkest corners of his mind for the last 4 years, ever since he left Germany... [2] He saw himself as a young child again, the little boy that had grown up in that comfortable, two-story house on Berlin's Ebertstrasse . It was not yet Christmas, but the Merkwürkdigliebes' living room had already been decorated, & the evergreen tree was all set up (complete with ornaments). A roaring fire was blazing in the hearth, filling the sitting area with comforting warmth & light, & little Braun's mother (now off for the holidays) was relaxing in her favorite armchair, doing some knitting to pass the time until Papa Almerich came home from Christmas-shopping. Braun was perfectly content to while away the hours by playing with his favorite toys, reading a couple of books, working on some inventions (& the occasional bit of poetry) [3], & plinking out a few tunes on the old piano in the family parlor. Then, just when Braun finished playing one of his favorite pieces from Wagner, he heard the front door open, & came rushing into the living room to greet his father with a big hug, followed by a kiss on the cheek. Braun's father scooped the little boy up into his arms, & returned the hug, before setting him back down on the floor, & after he had gone to another room to put away the groceries he had bought, he came back to join his wife & son in some festive fun & games. Braun & his parents cavorted & capered in much the same way that President Muffley & Edgar were doing right now, partaking in their family playtime with great pleasure & enthusiasm... Oh, how Dr. Strangelove missed those days of his youth! How much he wanted to go back to those happy times—before all the Nazism, before all the death & destruction & decay, before his paralysis & alien hand syndrome, before everything that took place after that warm summer in 1933...the summer that marked the end of a most wonderful era in his life. [4] Now, there was nothing wonderful for Strangelove to go back to, except in childhood memories & nightly dreams, & even with the friendship of the Muffley family (& of his neighbors & acquaintances), the doctor still felt very lonely in Washington, D.C. Due to safety issues, he could not continue to keep correspondence with his friends & family in Germany, for fear that any remaining Nazis (or military or government officials on either side of the world) would stumble upon those letters & telephone calls, trace them back to their original source, & bring injury or harm to Dr. Strangelove or his associates (either out of revenge or retribution)...so he was completely cut off from contact with the people he loved. Strangelove could never call or write to his parents or pals, nor they, he, & every day, his heart ached with the pain of wondering how much his Mutter & Vater missed their dear son... No doubt, Klara & Almerich Merkwürkdigliebe were worrying about the fate of little Braun, & were hoping & praying that he had found safe harbor on American shores. But after all this time, shouldn't his parents have received word from someone that he was all right? Had they any knowledge of all the things that had happened to him in the past 4 years? Was there anybody in Berlin at all who knew what became of Braun Merkwürkdigliebe? If so, Dr. Strangelove had no way to find out who those people were, much less to establish contact with them. All he could do was hope that someone out there knew where he was, & that that person might tell his family & friends of his whereabouts & well-being. Perhaps, there was a chance that, someday, Strangelove would be able to reunite with his parents & freunde again...but in the meantime, he would only be able to interact with them in those visions of long ago. Not wanting to watch the Muffleys any longer (as doing so only made the memories in his mind more painful for him to bear), Dr. Strangelove turned away from the window, & stared out with a wistful gaze at the front lawn of the White House, which was now covered with a gentle layer of the soft snow that was falling from the skies, floating down like the tears that silently streaked down Strangelove's face... Unbeknownst to Dr. Strangelove, President Muffley—who had just placed Edgar down on the floor, after scooping him up into his arms for a hug & a kiss—had turned to see his scientific advisor resting on the front porch, the back of his wheelchair turned to him. After telling Rachel & Edgar that he would be back in a short while, President Muffley opened the door, & made his way outside to join Dr. Strangelove on the veranda; in his rush to see the gut Doktor , he had forgotten to put on some decent winter clothing, but as he didn't plan to stay out for more than a few minutes, he felt that he could make an effort to brave the cold wind & the sharp sting of the chilly air. And so, with his characteristic outgoing demeanor, President Muffley strolled over to Dr. Strangelove, & stopped to stand at his side, smiling cheerfully as he greeted his German friend: \"Hello, Dr. Strangelove, so glad to see you today! I suppose you're ready for that big lunch we talked about?\" No response from the doctor. Feeling confused as to why he wasn't receiving any feedback, President Muffley took a closer look at Strangelove, glancing over him with a puzzled gaze as he asked, \"Doctor, is something wrong?\" Dr. Strangelove let out a heavy sigh, then gently shook his head, & spoke to his leader for the first time: \" Nein. Nothing is wrong, President Muffley.\" His voice came out as a quiet whisper, & (although it was hard for one to tell without listening very carefully) it was slightly cracked with emotion. \"Are you certain about that, Doctor?\" President Muffley asked with a dubious look on his face, & his hands on his hips. \"Judging from your behavior, it doesn't really seem like nothing is wrong...\" \"And how can you tell?\" Dr. Strangelove asked President Muffley, looking up at him with a slight tilt of his head. \"Well...you didn't even bother to say 'hello' back to me!\" President Muffley answered with a hearty laugh, as he playfully patted Dr. Strangelove on his left shoulder, before tousling his curly light-brown hair in a gesture of brotherly affection. \" Although, \" Muffley mused (mostly to himself) as he took his hand off of Strangelove's hair, \"I have to admit, that was rather unusual. Normally, you'd be quick to return someone's greeting...well, depending on your mood, I guess. There are those times when you don't really talk to anybody, & just stay in some quiet little corner, minding your own business...Maybe, this is just one of those times, I guess.\" As President Muffley brought his hand back down to rest at his side, his fingers inadvertently brushed against the black fabric of Dr. Strangelove's jacket-sleeve, & then, when he finally noticed that Strangelove wasn't wearing any winter clothing, his face instantly sported a mask of concern. \"Doctor,\" he blurted in surprise, \"you're not wearing a proper coat...or a scarf...or another mitten for your left hand!\" \"Well, neither are you, President Muffley,\" Dr. Strangelove retorted matter-of-factly. That remark didn't bring President Muffley out of his state of shock, however, & the Commander-In-Chief found himself stammering & stuttering like an inarticulate motor-mouth as he tried to speak to Dr. Strangelove...but, eventually, after some effort, he managed to untie his tongue & stop blathering incoherently, then spouted out in absolute astonishment, \"You came all the way to the White House...from your house...without being appropriately dressed...for the weather?! Doctor, this is so...so unlike you!\" Dr. Strangelove looked at President Muffley with a look of slight embarrassment on his face, & he lowered his brown eyes in a downcast gaze to the ground as he wrung his hands together shamefully, & said, \"I would have worn more suitable clothing, President Muffley, but the couple of winter outfits I brought over from Germany were stolen when I was living in New York City, [5] & in spending most of my wages on other things, I don't have enough money left over to buy a coat.\" \"But, Doctor,\" President Muffley ejaculated in utter bewilderment, \"you receive a paycheck of $2,000 a week! It can't take that much money to pay for groceries, utilities, & other necessities! Not to mention your bills & taxes!\" \"But you must also consider the very huge portion of money I spend on laboratory equipment, scientific instruments, mechanical parts, & the various other tools of my trade,\" Dr. Strangelove said. \"After all, how can I commit myself to my hobbies—& my livelihood—if I don't purchase any stock to work with?\" Now realizing that he had forgotten about those particular details, a chastened President Muffley cast a bashful gaze off to the side, as he muttered with a sheepish grin, \"Oh, right...Of course.\" Then, he looked at Dr. Strangelove again—this time, with a more serious expression—& continued, \"But, surely, you can save just a little bit of your money to buy some new winter clothing? It doesn't have to be real expensive stuff; just go down to Macy's, &...\" \"Pray forgive the interruption, President Muffley,\" Dr. Strangelove piped in hesitantly, \"but I have something to tell you...if you'd care to listen.\" \"Yes, Doctor,\" President Muffley replied warmly, nodding his head in affirmation. \"By all means, do tell me whatever it is that's on your mind. I'm more than willing to hear about it.\" With a heavy sigh, Dr. Strangelove looked up at President Muffley with a wistful look in his eyes, & began: \"The other day, I was at a department store in the shopping center, looking for some outfits to add to my wardrobe. While I was browsing through one of the sections, I happened to find this...this wonderful coat that was on display, & I thought about buying it...I really, really wanted to buy it! And I almost did...but...then...\" Strangelove's voice trailed off for a moment, & he let out another sigh, as his expression became pained—as if he was reluctant to go any further—but, then, with that same look of emotional agony on his face, he continued, \"I changed my mind at the last second.\" \"Well, was it because the price was a bit too much for you?\" President Muffley asked. \"Or was the coat not in your size? Or, maybe, you took a look at it, & decided that it just didn't look good on you...?\" \" Nein, \" Dr. Strangelove answered, shaking his head. \"I couldn't bring myself to buy it, because...\" At this point, tears started to fill his eyes again, & began falling down his face. \"Oh, forgive me, President Muffley!\" Strangelove quickly reached for the handkerchief that he kept tucked away in his jacket-breast pocket, then brought the silk square of linen up to dab it across his moist face, as he whimpered in a breaking voice, \"The coat I saw at the store...was just like the coat mein Mutter loved to wear in the wintertime! It had the same faux rabbit fur...the same group of four black buttons on the left side...the same fuzzy collar & cuffs...& it even had the same...\"—he sniffled & sobbed a bit—\"... black satin lining! \" Unable to contain his sadness anymore, Dr. Strangelove burst into a torrent of hysterical tears, & as he tried vainly to stop himself from crying, he wiped vigorously at his eyes & face with his handkerchief, occasionally blowing his nose with it. \" Ach, Gott, mein Mutter! Mein liebe Mutter... \" As he watched Dr. Strangelove, his dear friend, crying & moaning in absolute misery, President Muffley became stricken with great concern for the poor fellow. \"Oh, my goodness,\" Muffley said sympathetically as he tried to comfort Dr. Strangelove as best as he possibly could, \"I'm so sorry about your mother, Doctor...\" \"No, she's not dead,\" Dr. Strangelove corrected President Muffley, his voice still broken with distress. \"But I haven't talked to her in 4 years...\" Strangelove continued sniffling & sobbing, but, gradually, his tears began to dry up once more, & as he continued applying the handkerchief to his face, he told Muffley, \"You & I both know that I've forced myself to go into hiding. In the eyes of the world, Braun Merkwürkdigliebe no longer exists. There is only Dr. Strangelove...& he doesn't know of anyone in Germany who is connected to him. There is no one there that he can talk to, no one he can call or write letters to, without risking the safety of himself...or his loved ones.\" \"Doctor,\" President Muffley said gently as he stared at the dejected-looking German with kindly bluish-gray eyes, \"it's been quite a while since the end of the war. By now, most of the Nazis—well, the bad ones, anyway—have already been killed or put in jail, so they're not going to come after you or your family. We'll make sure of it.\" \"But won't I be deported back to Germany?\" Dr. Strangelove asked worriedly. \"If they accuse me of any war crimes, I will surely be put to death!\" \"You didn't take part in any atrocities, right?\" President Muffley replied, hoping to encourage Dr. Strangelove with a smile. \"I helped to invent weapons for the Nazis!\" Dr. Strangelove exclaimed, with a grieved expression appearing on his face. \"To me, that's no less terrible than committing a mass extermination!\" \"But you didn't actually use those weapons yourself,\" President Muffley tried to persuade Dr. Strangelove. \"And it's not as though you really wanted to make them; you just did it, because you were following the orders you were given. Isn't that right, Doctor?\" Dr. Strangelove thought about it for a moment, then nodded his head a little, & as his once-sad countenance began to soften a little, he slowly answered, \" Ja... Th-that would be correct, President Muffley...\" \"What's more, in your years of service to the government, you have proven yourself to be a righteous man, an upstanding citizen, an honorable philanthropist, & an important member of our society,\" President Muffley assured Dr. Strangelove, his face beaming with confidence. \"And as far as I can tell, I have yet to find a reason why you should not continue to remain in the country.\" Now, Dr. Strangelove was beginning to feel a bit better. He dabbed at his eyes once or twice more, then tucked his used handkerchief back into his jacket-breast pocket, before starting to form a smile at President Muffley, as he asked hopefully, \"You really mean that, President Muffley?\" \"After being your friend & associate for 4 years,\" President Muffley replied warmly, \"I could never bring myself to tell you anything that I knew wasn't true!\" With that, the Commander-In-Chief leaned forward to give Dr. Strangelove a friendly hug, & the doctor was more-than-happy to return the gentle gesture of affection. \"There's no need to worry, Dr. Strangelove,\" Muffley told his comrade as he gingerly parted from the embrace, & gave him a comforting pat on the shoulder. \"You're in good hands here, & nothing bad shall happen to you, should you decide to establish contact with your family & friends in Berlin. [6] And in the unlikely event that you should ever feel threatened, just tell me, & I'll take care of the situation personally; you won't have to fret or fuss about a thing!\" Upon hearing this, Dr. Strangelove's smile began to widen even more, & tears started falling from his eyes again; this time, however, they were tears of joy. \"You mean I can talk to my loved ones again? I-I-I can talk to Mutter , & Vater , & Bertha, & Frau Schubert, & all my other friends & family members? [7] And I can call them, & write letters to them, & send them gifts & cards, & be able to hear back from them...without having to live in fear of any harm?\" When President Muffley nodded in affirmation, Dr. Strangelove gave him another big hug, as he shouted joyfully, \"Oh, danke schön, President Muffley! I don't know how I will be able to repay you for your act of kindness to me!\" \"Don't mention it, Dr. Strangelove,\" President Muffley said good-naturedly. \"It's my pleasure.\" With that, Dr. Strangelove wiped away the last of his happy tears with his gloved hand, then turned away from President Muffley to look out at the beautiful snowscape that lay sprawled out in front of the White House. The winter winds were no longer quite as cold, & they blew ever-so-gently around Dr. Strangelove & President Muffley as they stood together on the veranda, watching the snow quietly falling from the lightly-cloudy skies. The scenery was so tranquil, so placid & peaceful, & the President & his associate could have spent days out on that porch, watching the beauty of nature unfolding before their very eyes... Unfortunately, it only took about 5 minutes, before both men started shivering like crazy. \"I think it's time that we went inside,\" President Muffley told Dr. Strangelove, \"before we catch our death!\" With that, President Muffley went over to open the front door for Strangelove, & after the latter had wheeled his way into the White House lobby to greet the First Lady & her son, President Muffley followed him inside, letting the door gently close behind him. After Dr. Strangelove had been welcomed into the Executive Mansion, he retired with the President, his family, & their servants to the Family Dining Room, where they could all sit down & share a warm, delicious meal with one another, talking over various topics & enjoying their time together on that chilly December day. Then, after a few hours, the grandfather clock on the side of the Family Dining Room struck 3:00 PM, & after thanking the First Family & their servants for being such gracious hosts to him, Dr. Strangelove bid \" auf wiedersehen \" to his friends, & left the White House to begin making his way back home (but not without wearing the great black coat that one of President Muffley's servants had kindly lent him). As he leisurely wheeled his way down the sidewalk of Pennsylvania Avenue, Strangelove began to feel much warmer & more comfortable now, & it wasn't just due to the coat; already, the winter wind was starting to feel less harsh against his skin, & the world around him seemed to be filled with calmness & loveliness. Maybe, it was just the holiday atmosphere, or maybe, it was the emotional boost to his spirits that he had been given by President Muffley & his family...Or it could have been both. All Dr. Strangelove knew was that he was going to make a quick stop at the department store on the way home, so he could finally buy that lovely faux-fur coat he had found (if it was still there)...& when he finally made it to his house, he planned to fix himself a cup of hot chocolate with marshmallows, which would be sure to warm his bones as he curled up comfortably under the covers of his bed, where he would begin writing several letters to all the people in Germany who loved & missed him. Of course, the first two letters would go out to the pair of people who Dr. Strangelove loved & missed most of all—his dear Mutter und Vater . THE END [1] The events of this fanfic are set in December of 1949, about 2-&-3/4 years before the date I believe the movie takes place. [2] According to my fanfiction timeline, Dr. Strangelove fled from Germany & arrived in America in the summer of 1945. [3] If you haven't read all my Dr. Strangelove poems by now, well...let's just say that I've discovered a new hobby for the gut Doktor . :-) [4] This ties in to my fanfic, \"The Memoirs Of Dr. Strangelove\", but I don't want to spoil anything major for you, so I won't give any details away. [5] Before he moved to Washington, D.C., Dr. Strangelove spent a few months living in Manhattan, & one day, after taking a few hours to run some personal errands, he came back to discover that his apartment had been ransacked & robbed. [6] And we can't forget the power of diplomatic immunity, either. ;-) [7] Bertha was one of Dr. Strangelove's closest female friends during his childhood; she was also a Jew, & during World War II, she was shipped off to the Dachau concentration camp, but despite the odds, she managed to survive, & was one of the people to be saved when the camp was finally liberated on April 29, 1945. Frau Adelheide Schubert was Dr. Strangelove's childhood governess, & she remained a dear friend of his into adulthood. ","Summary":" WINTER MUSINGS A \"Dr. Strangelove\" Ficlet AUTHOR'S NOTES: This is a short ficlet written for the "},{"Movie":"Dr. Strangelove","Title":"Cookies","Author":"The Mouse Avenger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5483157","Passage":"[Chapter 1] COOKIES AUTHOR'S NOTES: This short little ficlet for the \" Dr. Strangelove \" fandom is a humorous yarn starring Merkin Muffley, our favorite imaginary 35th U.S. President, & his family. While I don't want to give away any information related to the plot, as doing so would make the story less enjoyable for you, I will say this: you may find it to be a very sweet read (& I do mean \"sweet\"—wink, wink!). President Merkin Muffley & all elements & properties belonging to \" Dr. Strangelove \" © Stanley Kubrick & Columbia Pictures. I only claim ownership to the story itself, & all original characters contained therein, including (but not limited to) Rachel & Edgar Muffley. When you're finished reading the story, feel free to leave a review. I'll take anything from simple comments to constructive criticism, as long as they're not flames or written in a mean, rude, or overly-harsh manner. And now that my copyright-&-disclaimer is finished, let the fanfiction begin! Happy reading! The humbly-decorated kitchen of the Presidential Mansion was filled with the sweet, homey aroma of warm, newly-baked cookies. The round pastries, fresh out of the oven, were all laid out neatly across the surface of a metal tray, which rested upon the top of the kitchen counter. Golden rays of brilliant summer sunlight filled the kitchen as they streamed through an open window, & the lacy white curtains that flanked either side of said window gently fluttered to & fro in the breeze that blew into the kitchen, coming in to cool off the cookies with delicate puffs of its breath. Wearing a light-pink apron over her favorite flower-printed dress, First Lady Rachel Muffley smiled as she gazed down at the tray of cookies on the counter, pulling her prized pair of plaid oven-mittens off of her hands & placing them down by the platter. Then, Rachel leaned forward a bit to take a big whiff of the cookies, before bending back upright & letting out a deep exhale, as her smile widened across her face. The cookies smelled absolutely delicious! Her sister was sure to enjoy eating every one of them, down to the very last bit... Rachel was suddenly brought out of her reverie when she heard the sound of footsteps resonating across the kitchen. She turned around to see one of the White House servants, Christine, coming towards her with a look of anticipation on her face. \"Yum,\" Christine said as she walked over to the kitchen counter. \"Are those cookies I smell?\" \"Yes, indeed, Christine,\" Rachel replied, \"but I'm afraid these cookies are not for you.\" The First Lady pulled open one of the counter's built-in drawers, & began digging around inside it as she continued, \"I baked them especially for my sister.\" \"Oh, of course,\" Christine muttered sadly, her face forming a mask of concern. \"How's poor Sarah doing?\" \"She's been feeling a lot less miserable since she first came down with the flu a few days ago,\" Rachel responded as she finished rummaging through the drawer & took out a heart-shaped cardboard box, which she placed by the cookie-tray on the counter. \"And this batch of cookies will be sure to make her feel even better!\" \"Oh, how wonderful! That's very thoughtful of you, Rachel!\" Christine said, her smile returning to her face again. \"Just make sure that the president doesn't try to get a hold of Sarah's cookies...\" \"If Merkin knows what's good for him, he won't even think about touching this box,\" Rachel said with a slight glower, removing the lid of the heart-shaped container. \"Or else, he'll have to face the wrath of...\" \"The First Lady?\" Christine finished. \"Well,\" Rachel said as she began dumping the cookies from the tray & into the heart-shaped box, \"I was going to say, 'his sister-in-law', but 'the wrath of the First Lady' works just as well!\" Christine & Rachel both laughed to themselves, as old friends often do, & after Rachel closed the lid on the cookie box, she picked it up off the counter & carried it out of the kitchen, as Christine trailed alongside her. \"So, where do you plan to put the cookies until you're ready to ship them off to Miss Sarah?\" asked Christine, as she & Rachel made their way into the First Family's special dining room. \"I'll keep them right here,\" Rachel replied, going over to the large mahogany table in the center of the room, & placing the cookie box on its linen-covered surface. \"Err, Rachel,\" Christine said nervously, \"are you sure that's a good idea? I mean, you'd be keeping the cookies in plain view of other people...\" \"It'll just be for a few minutes,\" Rachel assured Christine, \"while I go upstairs to fetch a pen & one of the 'get well' cards I bought the other day.\" With that, she scuttled away to exit the family dining room, & began walking through the corridor that led to an elevator on the east side of the building, which would take her up to the second floor (where the President's Bedroom—& the items she sought—were located). Shortly after the First Lady had departed from the dining room, Christine left the area to go outside & tend to the flower gardens in the President's Park. Little did the two women know, however, that their decision to leave the cookies unattended would turn out to be a foolish mistake... President Merkin Muffley felt his stomach grumbling as he walked down the corridor leading to the White House kitchen. The Commander-In-Chief hadn't had any breakfast, & already, the hunger pangs were starting to ravage his stomach...He needed something to eat, quick, before his tummyache got any worse. President Muffley scuttled into the kitchen, & quickly took a look around, but when he didn't see any food lying about, he was about to make his way to one of the White House's other kitchens...that is, until he caught a whiff of something drifting from the family dining room. And it sure smelled delicious! \" Mmmm, \" President Muffley said to himself with an impish twinkle in his eyes. \"My nose is picking up on something yummy...I think Rachel just baked something for me!\" Muffley walked into the dining room, & let his nose lead him to the table, where the box of cookies lay in full view of the President. \"Oh, my goodness,\" President Muffley asked himself with a big smile of anticipation, \"is that what I think it is?\" Muffley pulled the lid off the top of the heart-shaped box, & upon first seeing its contents, his face lit up like that of a child who had just wandered into a candy store. \"It is! \" Muffley exclaimed cheerfully as he picked up one of the chocolate-chip pastries from the box. \"Cookies!\" President Muffley promptly put the cookie in his mouth, & ate it, savoring each bite he got of the sweet morsel, until he swallowed it down his throat. But, somehow, one cookie didn't seem to be enough for President Muffley; he felt like he needed another cookie or two to fill his belly. \"I don't think it would hurt if I had just one more cookie, \" President Muffley said, gazing at the open box with hungry eyes. Before he could stop himself, President Muffley reached for another cookie...then another...& another...& another... In only a matter of minutes, Muffley had managed to eat the entire box of cookies, leaving nothing but crumbs & a few stray chocolate-chips. After swallowing the last cookie, President Muffley smiled in satisfaction as he licked his fingertips to get one last taste of the sweet pastries he'd just helped himself to. Then, with a smack of his lips & a tiny burp, President Muffley wiped at his mouth with his favorite lace handkerchief, before tucking the square cloth back into his jacket-breast pocket, & turning to make his way out of the family dining room. As a reenergized President Muffley merrily strolled down the first-floor corridor, Rachel (who was also walking down the hallway, holding a greeting card & ballpoint pen in her hands) passed by her husband as she traveled in the opposite direction, heading towards the kitchen. Not noticing Rachel at first, Muffley continued on his way with a bouncy spring in his step...but as he did so, he couldn't help but overhear Rachel talking with Penelope (one of the kitchen maids); the two women's voices carried over the strains of Tomaso Albinoni's \" Adagio For Strings & Organ \", which flowed from the East Room on the other side of the building (the members of a famous orchestra had come to the White House ballroom to practice for their performance at a forthcoming ceremony). \"Oh, Mrs. Muffley,\" Penelope said to Rachel, \"I see you're almost ready to deliver your gift package to Miss Sarah!\" \"Yes, Penelope,\" Rachel replied. \"As soon as I put a little message & my signature on this card, I'll take the box, & head off to my sister's house. I'm quite sure that Sarah will really enjoy letting me stay to visit her for a while, once I give her that nice box of cookies I just made...\" Upon hearing this, President Muffley suddenly stopped in his tracks, & snapped out of his earlier cheerful state. A guilty look spread across his face, & he began to appear quite nervous. Had he done something that he shouldn't have done? Muffley's fears were soon confirmed when he heard Rachel shouting from the family dining hall: \" What...the... Dickens?! Who ate all of Sarah's cookies?!\" Oh, shucks! President Muffley mock-cursed mentally to himself in reprimand, having just realized his mistake. If I had known those cookies were going to my sister-in-law, I would never have eaten them! Why couldn't I have just asked Frannie, the head cook, to make me some of her famous kisses candies? Then, I could've staved off my hunger, without doing anything stupid to get me into trouble! Oh, Merkin, you're such a darn, ding-dong fool sometimes... And President Muffley only continued to feel worse when he heard Rachel launching into a heated discussion with Penelope. \"Who could have possibly eaten the whole box of cookies?\" Rachel asked angrily. \"I-I don't know,\" Penelope answered nervously. \"Maybe, one of the servants found the box, & ate the cookies, thinking they were for him.\" \"I find that highly unlikely, Penelope,\" Rachel scoffed. \"The servants know that they should always ask me or Merkin first, before they touch anything that's lying around.\" \"Then the only other person I can think of,\" Penelope said, \"who would've eaten the cookies is...\" \"Edgar!\" Rachel exclaimed. \"Of course!\" Looking madder than a swarm of bees, Rachel marched out of the dining room, & began storming down the hallway as she made her way over the elevator, grumbling angrily to herself, \"I can't believe my son ate all those cookies—without even bothering to ask me for permission first! He's going to get a big talking-to, just as soon as I get up to his room...\" Unbeknownst to Rachel, President Muffley had overheard her ranting & raving, & now, he was feeling even guiltier than he had been just a few seconds ago. I don't want Edgar to get in trouble for something I did, Muffley thought. I need to confess to Rachel, tell her what happened...But what if...No. Rachel's my wife; she knows me better than anybody else. I'm sure she'll understand it was a mistake! Without waiting another second, President Muffley ran down the hallway as fast as he could, hoping to catch up to Rachel before she left for Edgar's room. No sooner did Muffley approach his wife & reach out to her, than he tripped over a bump in the carpet, but as he fell, he grabbed onto the hem of Rachel's dress & tugged on it sharply, prompting Rachel to turn around & face him. \"Merkin!\" Rachel gasped when she saw her husband looking up at her with a timorous expression, trying (without much success) to force a smile. \"Honey, what happened to you? Why do you look so worried?\" \"W-Worried?\" President Muffley piped up timidly, before stifling a gulp & shaking his head fiercely as he broadened his \"smile\" & tried to assure his wife, \"Oh, I-I-I'm not worried, Rachel!\" More to himself than to Rachel, Muffley muttered with a wince & a downcast glance to the floor, \"To tell you the truth, I'm actually quite...terrified...\" \"Terrified?\" Rachel asked President Muffley in concern. \"About what, Merkin?\" President Muffley gulped again, & had to force himself to tilt his gaze back up at his wife; Rachel didn't look so angry anymore, but her change in demeanor didn't do anything to make the President feel better about the task that lay ahead. Even so, he decided to try & explain things to Rachel as best he could. With the classical music from the East Room becoming louder & greater in intensity, providing a powerful musical backdrop for the scene that was now taking place, President Muffley felt his composure crumbling apart as he stared at his darling Rachel with a pathetic frown, & told her, \"Rachel...I have a confession to make. I...I ate the cookies you were going to give to your sister.\" Upon registering what President Muffley had just told her, Rachel's eyebrows flew up in shock, then furrowed in irritation as she placed her hands on her hips & scolded her husband, \"Merkin! How could you?\" Now at the point where he couldn't remain calm any longer, President Muffley burst into tears & clutched desperately at the hem of Rachel's dress, as he kneeled in front of his wife & sobbed pitifully, \"I didn't mean to, honey, but I didn't have any breakfast this morning, & I was hungry...Then, I saw the cookies lying on the table, & they looked so...so delicious! I-I took one of the cookies, & I ate it, but, somehow, it wasn't enough! I couldn't help it, Rachel! I just had to finish the rest of the box...I know I shouldn't have done it, but the cookies were all so yummy, &... Oh, Rachel, I'm so sorry! Please forgive me! \" At this point, President Muffley broke down & collapsed in grief, releasing Rachel's dress & bringing his hands up to his face, so that he began weeping openly into his palms. As this all took place, the melodramatic music flowing from the orchestra's instruments reached a crescendo, then gradually became softer & quieter as President Muffley continued to cry, unable to control his emotions. \"You have every right to be angry at me, Rachel,\" President Muffley sobbed. \"Go on, & punish me for eating the cookies. I deserve it!\" Realizing that Muffley had only made a mistake, Rachel's expression softened, & she knelt down to the President's level, gently giving him a big hug as she patted his back & stroked the top of his balding head. \"Don't worry, Merkin,\" Rachel assured her husband. \"I forgive you for what you did...\" President Muffley sniffled a bit, as he dried the last of his tears with his hankie, & smiled at his wife. \"But since you already mentioned it,\" Rachel added with a mischievous grin, \"I'm not going to ignore the matter of your punishment...\" \"Oh, dear,\" President Muffley said, looking nervous again. Here it comes... \"Come to the kitchen with me, & put on a spare pair of oven-mittens,\" Rachel said as she helped her husband off of the floor & onto his feet. \"I hope you're not wearing your best suit today...We wouldn't want to get flour & chocolate stains on it!\" President Muffley moaned to himself in frustration. Out of all the forms of punishment that he imagined Rachel would bring upon him for eating Sarah's cookies, he didn't expect this! \"But, Rachel,\" Muffley whined as his wife led him back down the hallway, \"you know I do terribly at baking!\" \"And that's why I'm going to help you, Merkin,\" Rachel said as she approached the kitchen door, before opening it to allow room for President Muffley to enter the chamber. \"You & I are going to bake an even bigger, better batch of cookies for Sarah!\" \"Well, since you promise to help me, I suppose that's not too harsh of a punishment,\" President Muffley said, chuckling a little as his face formed a coy smile. As soon as they entered the kitchen, got out the necessary supplies, & put on their cooking gear, the First Couple began working on the second batch of cookies for Sarah. Aside from occasionally dropping an instrument or making a small mess on the counter, President Muffley didn't have much trouble (although Rachel's assistance certainly made his task a lot easier), so it wasn't a great struggle for the Commander-In-Chief & his wife to put the ingredients all together & prepare the cookies for baking. After sitting in the oven for about an hour, the cookies were finally finished. Rachel took the tray of pastries out, then gave them a few minutes to cool off, before going over to President Muffley, who was standing at the edge of the counter, displaying the new, larger, fuschia-colored box he had placed on its surface. \"Ready when you are,\" Muffley said cheerfully as he opened the lid of the box. Slowly, carefully, Rachel tipped the metal tray over, watching as the cookies fell into the once-empty box, one by one. Then, Rachel sorted out the cookies so that they would fit more easily inside the box, & once she had done that, she gently took the box's lid from her husband's hands, before setting it down on top of the container & securing it snugly in place with a bright-pink ribbon. After that, Rachel tugged on the loops of the ribbon-knot to tighten it, before sliding her sister's \"get well soon\" card (which she had signed a few minutes earlier) underneath the band of fabric. \"There we go!\" Rachel said with a smile of satisfaction. \"All ready for Sarah!\" \"So, I guess my punishment's over now?\" President Muffley said, looking up from the box at his wife with a sheepish grin. \" Almost, \" Rachel replied, smirking as she took the cookie box & handed it to her husband. \"While I'm getting ready to go visit Sarah, you can go to her place, & give her the cookies for me.\" The grin soon disappeared from President Muffley's face when he was faced with the prospect of personally making the delivery to Sarah ...Sarah, his dreaded sister-in-law! Now, President Muffley was usually a very peaceful & amicable man, who tried his best to get along with others, & in the time that he had been married to Rachel, he had formed strong relationships with everyone in his wife's family...everyone, that is, with the sole exception of Sarah. For some reason that was unknown to President Muffley, Sarah just didn't seem to like him. Although conflicts between husbands & sisters-in-law do tend to happen on occasion, it's far less common to see a deep, deep rivalry take root among such people, but in spite of the odds, that rivalry certainly took root among President Muffley & Sarah. No matter where they were, what they were doing, or who they were with, the President & his sister-in-law would make their best attempts to try & treat each other civilly, only to have those attempts blow up in their faces. The squabbles & feuds that took place among the two usually started over small, trivial matters—like forgetting to wipe one's shoes on the doormat, moving a treasured heirloom just a few inches away from its \"proper place\", or using Sarah's good lace coasters to clean one's glasses—but neither Sarah or President Muffley would allow themselves to move past those annoying issues, even at the insistence of others. Eventually, Sarah's nonstop nitpicking would cause President Muffley to get irritated & start snapping at Sarah, until Sarah felt the need to lash out at her brother-in-law, & then, everything escalated from little disputes, to noisy arguments, to full-blown shouting & screaming matches. President Muffley hated to get angry at other people, no matter how much they irritated him, & after he calmed down from his outbursts, he would always feel bad about his behavior toward Sarah; not only did Muffley go out of his way to try & make up with his sister-in-law, but he would also apologize to her—multiple times! But, unfortunately, President Muffley's attempts at making peace with Sarah never seemed to work, & as if losing his temper & acting rudely to Rachel's sister didn't make Muffley feel bad enough already, Sarah was always criticizing the President over every little thing he ever did or said—be it his choice of clothing, the brand of cologne he wore on special occasions, the music he liked to listen to in the family limousine, or even the way he had redecorated the White House during the first few years of his term! No matter how hard President Muffley tried, he could never seem to please Sarah, & the more he thought about her failure to find the least bit of favor with him, the more upset he would feel. (Sometimes, Muffley couldn't help but wonder if Rachel ever listened to her sister's constant complaint that she had married a \"no-good husband\"...) But in any case, the irreparable schism between him & Sarah was the primary reason why President Muffley didn't think he could give her the cookies himself. \"Rachel,\" Muffley pleaded, \"can't you send one of the servants to do it? I don't think I'm the right person for the job...\" \"If you don't take those cookies & bring them to Sarah within the next 10 minutes,\" Rachel warned her husband with a waggling of her forefinger, \"I'm going to grab my rolling-pin off of the counter, & beat your hide with it!\" The First Lady was only kidding, of course, but she hoped that would encourage President Muffley to carry out the last of his duties. \"All right, all right, honey,\" President Muffley relented as he leaned over to pick the box of cookies up from the counter, before tucking it underneath the crook of his arm. \"I'll go...\" While Rachel watched on with a satisfied smile, Muffley reluctantly shuffled his feet as he walked over to the door, opened it, & made his way out of the kitchen to begin the journey to Sarah's house. Thankfully, Sarah's house was in one of Washington, D.C.'s more affluent suburbs—not too far away from the White House—so President Muffley (who had decided not to take a limousine) didn't have to walk far until he reached his destination. Not paying attention to the amazed looks & shouts of greeting that were given to him from astonished passers-by, President Muffley stared ahead of him as he walked down the city sidewalks, struggling to see past the bright rays of sunlight that penetrated the lens of his eyeglasses. The sun was at its highest point in the sky, & after he was done making his delivery to Sarah, President Muffley couldn't wait to come back home & share some lunch with his wife & son in the family dining room, before they left to pay a visit to \"dear Aunt Sarah\". Rachel & Edgar can go see Sarah if they want to, President Muffley thought to himself with a look of mild annoyance, but I don't think showing my face in front of her—well, after I give her the cookies, that is—would do any good for me or her. Quite the contrary, in fact; I'm sure Sarah will feel a lot better, just by not having to put up with me & all my \"annoying habits\"! President Muffley didn't bother to look at his watch as he trekked through the streets of America's capital to reach the front gates of the neighborhood where Sarah lived, but when he'd entered the area & finally made it to his sister-in-law's front porch, he guessed the trip must have taken him about 10 minutes or so. Let's hope this is worth all the trouble I went through today, Muffley prayed as he reached out his left hand to knock on Sarah's door. A few seconds passed, until Sarah came to greet the visitor at her doorstep...&, upon seeing who it was, frowned in irritation. Dressed in a pink nightgown, robe, & slippers, with her sand-colored hair kept up in pink rubber curlers, Sarah glared at Muffley with that bitter scowl that her face always displayed whenever she was forced to come into contact with her \"not-so-dear\" brother-in-law. President Muffley (who wasn't exactly one of the tallest men in Washington, D.C.) gulped a little when he saw Sarah, a woman of very impressive height, towering in front of him like an angry giant...but he managed to muster his courage, cracking a timid smile as he pushed his glasses up the bridge of his nose, & gave a little wave of his left hand to Sarah. \"H-H-Hi, Sarah,\" Muffley said as cheerfully as he could. \"Rachel & I heard that you were still feeling sick, so we baked you these cookies to cheer you up!\" With quivering hands, Muffley took the cookie box out from underneath his arm, then presented it to Sarah, waiting for her to take the gift that was being offered to her. \"H-H-Hope you enjoy...\" \"Thank you so very much, Mirko, \" Sarah said in a voice dripping with sarcasm, as she reached out & snatched the cookie box out of President Muffley's hands with a single swipe. \"Y-You're welcome, Sarah,\" Muffley said, the smile on his face now beginning to falter. The President knew it had been foolish of him to even think, for just one moment, that Sarah would show a hint of kindness towards her brother-in-law, let alone in return for his gracious deed. President Muffley just couldn't do anything to win the favor of his sister-in-law, even when he tried to do something nice for her while she feeling in low spirits...but then again, wasn't Sarah always feeling in low spirits? (It would certainly explain why she was so rude & condescending to him, & why they never succeeded in their attempts to get along...) \"I hope,\" Sarah continued, \"that Rachel will continue to check up on me in the last few days of my illness.\" \"She will,\" President Muffley replied. \"In fact, she & Edgar will be coming to see you after lunch.\" Much to Muffley's surprise, the corners of Sarah's lips turned upward into a rare smile. \"That's wonderful,\" she said, the tone of her voice actually sounding pleasant for once...until her smile disappeared, & her face returned to its usual glower. \"I sincerely hope, \" Sarah added with her characteristic cynicism, \"that you'll be joining your wife & son during their visit...\" President Muffley didn't want to even encourage the thought of it. He fiercely shook his head to & fro, wildly waving his arms & hands in front of himself, as he blurted out frantically, \"No, no, Sarah, don't be ridiculous!\" Then, remembering his manners, Muffley composed himself & said more solemnly, \"I'm afraid I'll be much too busy for the rest of the day...After all, Sarah, a president does have his duties to attend to.\" \"Well, when Rachel & Edgar get here, why don't we all say a little prayer, & hopefully, our nation's leader won't be too bogged down...\" Sarah said with a spiteful smirk. Then, after briefly blowing a raspberry at President Muffley, she ducked inside her house, taking the box of cookies with her. As soon as Sarah had slammed the front door to close it, President Muffley gave out a little sigh; he knew that his sister-in-law didn't intend to speak to him for a very long time, & quite frankly, neither did he. But now that this ordeal was over, the President could return to the White House & have his midday meal with his family, before they went off to visit Sarah. As President Muffley was traveling down the sidewalk on his way back to Pennsylvania Avenue, he passed by several buildings, many of which provided less-political services to the citizens of Washington, D.C.: a laundromat, a few restaurants, a bookstore, a toy shop, a bakery...When he passed by the bakery, President Muffley could smell some of the goodies that were being made there, but just as he began to lick his lips hungrily, he immediately stopped, & shook his head in self-refusal. No, Merkin, don't even bother, he admonished himself. I'm sure Rachel will have some goodies for you to eat after lunch is over... But President Muffley decided to stop by the bakery for a few seconds, just to see what was on display in the store's windows. Pressing his hands & face against the wall of the great glass barrier, President Muffley's bespectacled eyes grew wide when he took a look at all the delicious cakes, donuts, chocolates, cupcakes, &...oh, sweet, merciful heavens! Not cookies, too! Just as he was about to finally find some peace & happiness, after all the heck he had gone through today, President Muffley could feel his earlier disappointment & displeasure returning to him...followed by a sense of bubbling, boiling fury that was beginning to surface. Muffley's initial look of shock & dismay became a look of irritation, &, then, a look of utter rage! There they were, those chocolate-chip cookies that rested in a pile on top of the display stand in the bakery window, serving as a blatant reminder of all of his past troubles...The infernal cookies were just lying there, in plain view of the President, mocking him! Mocking him! Finally, President Muffley couldn't take it anymore. Deciding that it was better to release his pent-up emotions now, rather than come home for lunch as a grouchy old sourpuss, Muffley glared at the cookies in the window as he took a step back from the bakery building, &, after quickly looking around, picked up a small rock that had been lying on the sidewalk. President Muffley then prepared to throw the rock at the nearest possible thing he could hit—the window—but then, he reconsidered, realizing that damaging the property wouldn't end in anything but a lawsuit, possible jail time, the disappointment of his family (not to mention even worse treatment from Sarah!), utter humiliation, a national scandal, impeachment, &—perhaps the worst thing of all—the loss of his integrity & his status as an upstanding citizen of the United States. So, with a heavy sigh of frustration, Muffley let the rock fall to the ground, & he resorted to the least-harmful way of releasing his rage. He brought his right leg back as far as it could go, then closed his eyes, swung hard...& slammed his shoe into the brick wall of the bakery. Poor President Muffley immediately let out an anguished cry & grabbed the stubbed toes of his right foot, which he held in his hands as he hopped up & down on his left leg, grumbling & fumbling to himself until, after a few moments, the pain—& his anger—went away. When he was beginning to feel better, President Muffley put his right leg back down on the ground, then took a few deep breaths, & continued on his way back to the White House. He couldn't wait to eat lunch with Rachel & Edgar! Oh, how Muffley was looking forward to the delicious dishes & culinary delights that awaited him in the family dining room...although, secretly, he was hoping that Rachel hadn't made any cookies for dessert. Because after what happened today, President Muffley was positively certain that he didn't want to even hear the word \"cookie\" for quite some time. Within 5 minutes after the incident outside of the bakery, President Muffley was merrily strolling through the entrance of the White House, & just as soon as he entered the lobby, he smiled widely when he heard his 6-year-old son, Edgar, calling out to him in greeting. \"Papa,\" Edgar cried joyfully as he dashed through the lobby & leaped into his father's arms for a big hug, \"you're back!\" \"Yes, I am, Edgar,\" President Muffley replied cheerfully as he carefully lifted his son off of his body & lowered him down onto the floor, before tousling Edgar's short, dark hair. \"So, are you ready to eat lunch with me & Mommy, before you go to Aunt Sarah's house?\" \"Uh-huh!\" Edgar said with a big smile of his own, nodding his little head in affirmation. \"And guess what Mommy made for dessert?\" \"Wait, wait, don't tell me,\" President Muffley responded in a playful manner, scratching his chin \"thoughtfully\" as he hemmed & hawed while deciding upon an answer. \"Did Mommy make...a big cake?\" \"Nope!\" Edgar replied, shaking his head to & fro. \"Did Mommy make Ozark pudding with ice cream?\" asked President Muffley. \"Uh-uh!\" Edgar answered with another shake of his head. \"I give up, then,\" President Muffley said with a look of mock-defeat on his face. \"What did Mommy make for dessert, Edgar?\" Edgar's smile became even bigger as he stretched his arms out wide in jubilation & told his father, \"She made chocolate-chip cookies!\" Oh, the irony...oh, the laughable irony! President Muffley was at a complete loss for words when he registered what Edgar had just revealed to him. In fact, he was so stunned by the utterance of that single term—the name of that pastry that had bothered him all day—that he fainted & fell to the floor! When he woke up a few seconds later (thanks to Christine's clever use of a smelling-salt), Muffley was still feeling a little uneasy as he made his way to the kitchen, where all the other servants had lunch ready for the President & his family. As he helped himself to his meal, however, President Muffley began to feel a lot better, & when it was time for dessert, he was feeling well enough to not only bear hearing the word \"cookies\", but even to take a few of the sweets & put them on his plate! Rachel & Edgar both smiled as they watched Muffley eat every last bit of his delicious chocolate-chip cookies, & once he had finished eating & dabbed at his mouth with his handkerchief, he smiled at his wife & son. \"You know, having those cookies for dessert really made my day!\" President Muffley said, as the smile that had returned to his face began to widen, & he leaned back comfortably in his chair with a look of contentment. \"Glad you enjoyed them, Merkin,\" Rachel told her husband with a smile of her own. President Muffley pushed his chair back from the table, then rose to his feet & began walking away to leave the dining room, but as he did so, he turned to face Rachel, & asked, \"By the way, when you & Edgar are done visiting Aunt Sarah, would you please make sure to call the boy at the shoeshine store, & ask him to come over this afternoon?\" \"Sure thing, Merkin,\" Rachel replied, getting up with Edgar to help the servants put away the dishes & silverware. \"Wait—why does he need to come over today? \" \"Well,\" President Muffley responded with a coy grin as he opened the kitchen door to make a quick exit, \"let's just say that I...tripped over a pebble & scuffed one of my shoes on the way home...\" THE END ","Summary":" COOKIES AUTHOR'S NOTES: This short little ficlet for the \" Dr. Strangelove \" fandom is a humorous"},{"Movie":"Dr. Strangelove","Title":"Dr Strangemaus","Author":"The Mouse Avenger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5420662","Passage":"[Chapter 1] DR. STRANGEMAUS AUTHOR'S NOTES: After spending the last several months cultivating my ever-growing obsessions for \" The Great Mouse Detective \" & \" Dr. Strangelove \"--my newest fandom discovery--I have decided to merge the two together...by coming up with a rodential retelling of our beloved nuclear comedy. Yes, my friends, the cast of \" Dr. Strangelove \" has been turned into mice, rats, & even bats...but aside from some changes I've taken to make the story more mouse-like, the plotline will be basically the same as it was in the original movie. And now, for a brief copyright-&-disclaimer... All characters, properties, & elements of \" Dr. Strangelove \" (C) Stanley Kubrick & Columbia Pictures, although I claim ownership to the rodential versions of these characters, & the parodies I came up with for the names. All original characters, properties, & elements (C) The Mouse Avenger (that's me). When you're finished reading the story, feel free to leave a review. I'll take anything from simple comments to constructive criticism, as long as they're not flames or written in a harsh, stern, or mercilessly-nitpicky manner. That having been said, enjoy the story! Happy reading! Prologue: The Task That Lies Ahead The small office that had been built behind the wall of the general's quarters at Burpleson--or, shall we say, Furpleson --Air Force Base was dark, save for a small lamp (made out of a Christmas-tree light-bulb, with an upside-down peanut-butter-cup cover as its lampshade) that was glowing on the oak-wood desk belonging to General Jack D. Whiskers. Dressed in white shirt-sleeves & olive-green trousers, as well as a black necktie, the military mouse (covered in gray fur, & sporting a neat, brown crew-cut) was resting in a red leather armchair, calmly smoking a pint-sized cigar as he reflected upon the task that needed to be done in a few minutes. It was to be a very difficult task. General Whiskers had no doubt about that. The more he thought about it, the more his paws shook, & the more his heart began to race...but it soon slowed its beating when Whiskers chastised himself for getting so worked up over nothing. For the love of Gouda, he thought, you can't turn back now! It's far too late to quit now, Jack...You've come all this way, & now, you've got to finish what you started. You have to reap what you have sown...That's the proper way to do things, Jack! In spite of his determination to carry on with the mission, General Whiskers couldn't quite rid himself of that nervous feeling that had plagued him ever since he had made that fateful decision...His sense of duty was far stronger, but the feeling of hidden terror--that he would come to be haunted by what he was about to do--continued to plague him. It had never really stopped plaguing him, ever since he had first been struck with the idea...the idea for the course of action that he was soon to take. Why couldn't General Whiskers just put his feelings aside & accept his duties, like any other military furson would? These were times of crisis, & fursonal feelings couldn't get in the way of professional business...or so he thought, anyway. Some of his fellow rodents at Furpleson Air Force Base were a little more sensitive than he was...but sensitive though they were, they were definitely not weak, lily-livered sissies. Especially not who he considered to be the best of all his mice...Group Captain Lionel C. Mousedrake, formerly of Her Majesty's Rodential Air Force. General Whiskers couldn't help but smile whenever he thought about Group Captain Mousedrake...He liked him. He really liked him a lot. He was a good mouse, well-behaved & never disrespectful to anybody. He had his charms & handsome looks. He was always polite, & did what he was told...& whenever he was called away to action, that lion-hearted hero would give every last bit of his effort in order to fight the enemy & make sure that he was able to aid in the defense of the good rodents of the United States. Yes, that Mousedrake was quite a character, indeed...& in the months that he had come to know the younger officer, General Whiskers considered him as a dear friend. Almost like the brother he never had... General Whiskers' sentimental thoughts on Mousedrake suddenly switched back to his earlier thoughts on the task that lay ahead...that dreaded cross that he sometimes wished (in the very back of his head) that the hands of Fate had never handed down to him, & yet, he knew he had to bear, anyway! Wanting to see how much longer he would have to wait until the moment of truth arrived, Whiskers looked up at the human-sized Mickey Mouse watch hanging upon the wall of his office, & glanced at the time displayed upon it: 12:59...no, 1:00 AM. General Whiskers sighed as he turned his head away from the clock, & looked at the big red telephone that rested on his desk. It was time, General Whiskers decided. It was time to take up that cross & carry it as far as he could go...& he planned to go pretty far. With a tremoring paw that seemed to betray his anxiousness, General Whiskers tried to keep his composure as he reached for the phone, picked it up, & put it to his notched right ear. With his free paw, he dialed a number on the rotary, & as he waited patiently for an answer on the other line, he quietly drummed his fingers against the surface of his desk, & took a drag of his cigar. He exhaled a cloud of gray smoke, just as the dial tone finished beeping, & a click was heard. Someone had picked up the phone...& now, he was going to deliver Whiskers' message to Group Captain Lionel Mousedrake. ","Summary":" DR. STRANGEMAUS AUTHOR'S NOTES: After spending the last several months cultivating my ever-growing "},{"Movie":"Dr. Strangelove","Title":"The Memoirs Of Dr Strangelove","Author":"The Mouse Avenger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5039846","Passage":"[Chapter 1] THE MEMOIRS OF DR. STRANGELOVE AUTHOR'S NOTES: In the last few months of 2008 & the early months of 2009, I have developed an ever-growing obsession for the 1964 film classic Dr. Strangelove ; in cultivating that obsession, I have come up with several doodles & fanarts, short stories, & even Great Mouse Detective fanfic characters based on the movie & its characters. But now, you are about to witness my biggest contribution to the Dr. Strangelove fandom: a novel-length series of memoirs about the title character's life, from birth to death & afterwards. Much time, research, & effort have gone into this project, & I sincerely hope that the fruits of my proverbial labor will appeal to your tastes. All characters, elements, & properties belonging to \" Dr. Strangelove \" © Stanley Kubrick & Columbia Pictures. All original characters, elements, names, & properties © The Mouse Avenger (that's me). I would greatly appreciate it if you asked for my permission before using them in your stories or RPGs; thank you very much in advance. When you're finished reading the story, feel free to leave a review. I'll take anything from simple comments to constructive criticism, as long as they're not flames or written in a mean, rude, or overly-harsh manner. Prologue: Journal Entry By President Merkin Muffley June 12, 1947 I honestly don't know why I'm doing this. I just don't know. I'm certain that God knows the answer, sure, but for whatever reason that suits His fancy, it's not being given to me. Though I really do wish He would provide at least a little effort to lighten the overwhelming burden that's been placed upon my confused & aching brain. No matter how hard I try, I can't seem to grasp the meaning (whatever that meaning could possibly be, I have no clue!) behind this \"very significant\" task I've been asked to perform—even after I've spent two whole years of interviewing the director of the Weapons Research & Development branch of the United States government. And what confounds me even more is the all-too-obvious fact that the interviews are done, but not the writing project that I needed to conduct those interviews for in the first place, & I fear that work on the \"project\" (a massive one, indeed) will continue for the span of several years, if not decades; you see, Dr. Strangelove wants me —me, of all people!—to write his memoirs! Usually, people wait till they start getting on in years before they begin writing their life stories, but Strangelove says he'd much rather get a head-start on them; we've already covered the basics of his life so far in our past interviews, but he says I can add things to the memoirs as time goes on. But just what kind of things does Dr. Strangelove want me to add? Does he want me to give just a general picture of what he went through each day, or describe everything in explicit detail? Would he want me to discuss personal experiences (like a birthday or a death in the family)? Would he want me to write about current events & how they relate to him? Honestly, I just don't know how I'm going to write these \"memoirs\" without getting a migraine every few seconds! I don't want to be rude or anything. I'm really quite flattered that Dr. Strangelove trusts in me enough to let me write & publish periodicals about the intimate & most personal details of his life...but flattered though I am, I'm also really quite...well, I suppose the right word would be \"puzzled\". Puzzled about why he chose me to write these memoirs, when he could have chosen someone else. Puzzled about why he wants to start writing these memoirs so early, & at such a young point in his life (the man just reached his 27th birthday, for Gosh sakes!). And I'm especially puzzled—no, not puzzled, bewildered why he neurotically insists on having his memoirs published in the first place—I mean, Dr. Strangelove makes it sound so...so darn important , like people are going to need to read his memoirs one day for a school assignment or something! As if he's actually going to become so famous that everybody in America will want to read about him! Does Strangelove really think he's destined to be some great hero? A historical icon? A living legend?! Don't get me wrong; the last thing I want to do is undermine Dr. Strangelove or his talents; he is a very gifted, intelligent man, & a valued member of my Cabinet, but even I know that he's just a regular, ordinary person, no different from any of us (excluding his past in Germany & his brief stint with the Nazis—more on that later). Maybe I'm just being short-sighted, but it's hard for me to imagine how a guy like Strangelove could become one of America's heroes. Then again, life is full of surprises; maybe, Strangelove will have some kind of great answer or key to some terrible dilemma that may crop up in the future. Who knows, really? Who knows anything? But at the time I write this entry, there is one thing I do know for certain...I'm going to have plenty of cramps in my right hand for the next several years. If not decades. Like I said, the interviews with Dr. Strangelove didn't even begin to cover the ongoing process of writing his memoirs.[Chapter 2] THE MEMOIRS OF DR. STRANGELOVE Chapter 1: For Unto Us, A Child Is Born...In Berlin Berlin, Germany June 15, 1920 The elaborate melodies of skylarks could be heard from miles around as they flowed from the tiny throats of the dull-colored songbirds, who were delicately perched upon the leafy green branches of the linden trees that flourished in the warm summer climate. The sun was shining brightly in the clear blue skies, dappled with puffy white clouds that lazily rolled by in the gentle breeze that was blowing through the streets of Berlin. It was a peaceful, ordinary day in the city; the school year had ended just a little over a couple of weeks ago, & little boys & girls were laughing & playing together, while the adults around them went about their business. It seemed that nothing could disturb the cheerful scene that was taking place...nothing, that is, except for the cries of agony emitting from a well-built two-story house on Ebertstraße , or Ebert Street. On the first floor of the house, inside the kitchen, Klara Agata Merkwürkdigliebe (nee Klemens) was lying on the ground, clutching at the enormous bulge in her stomach as she tried to endure the pain that wracked her frail, petite body. The beautiful young schoolteacher was expecting to deliver her first child today, at the ripe & fruitful age of 25, & although Klara was really looking forward to seeing her offspring come into the world, she also hoped to get the birthing process over with as quickly as possible—the pain & emotional stress that went along with it wasn't doing any good for her or the baby she was about to give birth to. Well, I won't need to worry for much longer, Klara thought to herself with an optimistic smile that showed through the aching expression that appeared on her face. Almerich will be out of his workshop soon...to bring me to the hospital... Almost as if by magic, the door to the kitchen swung open, & Klara's husband, Almerich Merkwürkdigliebe, stepped into the room. A tall, strapping inventor & engineer with brown eyes (hidden behind a pair of scholarly-looking spectacles) & neatly-coifed brown hair, like his wife's, he was still wearing his laboratory coat over his regular clothing, as well as his thick, gray lab boots that made soft thudding sounds as he rushed over to Klara & kneeled down to face her at her level. \"Klara, mein liebling , \" Almerich asked his wife with worry in his eyes as he gently clasped her right hand in his, \"what's happened? Are you going into labor?\" Klara let out a little moan of pain, before looking up at her husband & patting her stomach with her left hand as she replied in her soft, sweet voice, \" Ja , Almerich. The baby will be due any minute!\" \"Come with me, Klara,\" Almerich said as he helped Klara rise to her feet. \"I'll take you to the hospital.\" Klara leaned against her husband for support, & Almerich began leading his wife to the front door, before opening it & taking her outside, where the Merkwürkdigliebes' sleek, shiny Audi car was waiting for them on the neatly-paved driveway (though the current financial crisis had wiped out middle-class savings, Almerich & Klara were able to keep their wealth & personal property, as they both earned a lot of money from their jobs). Almerich opened the door to the back half of the car, & Klara carefully helped herself onto the plush seat; after making sure that Klara was strapped in safely, Almerich smiled at his wife, before closing the door shut & going over to take his place at the wheel. Once Almerich had started the car, the engine roared to life, & the Merkwürkdigliebes went off on their journey to Charité Hospital, near the University Of Berlin (where Klara spent most of the year teaching students in surgical courses). As he carefully maneuvered the car through the streets of Berlin's Mitte district, doing his best to avoid any accidents, Almerich tried to keep his eyes on the road, but every few seconds, he couldn't help but turn to look back at his wife. Klara was still holding her stomach as she worked on her breathing exercises, huffing & puffing in a peculiar, but rhythmic, pattern that seemed to help keep her calm while she was delivering much-needed oxygen to the baby that was about to be born. Almerich smiled when he saw this—it was a sign that Klara was taking good care of herself & was handling the birth procedure very well. He had a feeling that the delivery was going to go smoothly... ","Summary":" THE MEMOIRS OF DR. STRANGELOVE AUTHOR'S NOTES: In the last few months of 2008 & the early months of"},{"Movie":"Dr. Strangelove","Title":"A Mouse In The War Room!","Author":"The Mouse Avenger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5373824","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A MOUSE IN THE WAR ROOM! AUTHOR'S NOTES: This is a short, 3-part fanfiction piece for the \" Dr. Strangelove \" fandom, featuring General Buck Turgidson, Miss Scott, the War Room cast, & a very surprising (but nonetheless very adorable) guest character—the eponymous mouse of our story. Buck Turgidson, Miss Scott, & all other characters, elements, & properties belonging to \" Dr. Strangelove \" © Stanley Kubrick & Columbia Pictures. I only claim ownership to the story itself, the mouse, & my invented first name for Miss Scott. When you're finished reading the story, feel free to leave a review. I'll take anything from simple comments to constructive criticism, as long as they're not flames or written in a mean, rude, or overly-harsh manner. And now that my copyright-&-disclaimer is finished, let the fanfiction begin! Happy reading! Part 1: Buck's Discovery The streets of Washington, D.C., were dotted with puddles—pint-sized lakes that rippled from the impact of the raindrops that fell from the stormy September skies. It was a Saturday, & many of the people who inhabited the United States' capital city were indoors—mainly to get out of the rain, but also because they had something (or nothing) to do, be it at the grocery store, the old tavern 'round the corner, the business office, or home, sweet home... At one of the houses in a quiet suburb of Washington, D.C., General Buckley Turgidson—we'll refer to him from now on by his nickname, Buck—& his secretary / live-in lady-friend (one Miss Elaine Scott by name) were spending their time indoors by doing some fall-cleaning. They'd already cleaned up the bedroom, washroom, & kitchen areas, put away the dishes & silverware, vacuumed the floors, done the laundry, put all their recently-washed clothes in the closets & drawers, thrown away any stray garbage, & made the beds; now, they were dusting the newly-tidied-up living room, before they moved on to the last stage of cleaning (which was to take place in the attic). Well, actually, Miss Scott was doing all of the dusting. Buck had been given an opportunity to rest & relax for a few minutes, providing him with a much-needed break after working nonstop for all morning & most of the afternoon. The only problem Buck had to face now was his constant sneezing & sniffling, brought on by his allergic reaction to the clouds of dust that flew up in the wake of Miss Scott's feather-duster as it flitted & fluttered back & forth, to & fro, in every nook & cranny of the living room. \"Dog-gonnit...\"—Buck took a moment to suppress a sneeze with his hankie-covered hand, then sniffled as he stuffed the tissue back into his shirt-front pocket—\"...Elaine, could you be a little more careful with the feather-duster? It's setting off my allergies.\" \"Sorry, Bucky,\" Miss Scott apologized, continuing to dust the room (but less forcefully). \"I'll try to be gentle.\" \"Thanks, honey,\" Buck told Miss Scott with a smile (& another sneeze). \"That really means a lot to me.\" Miss Scott returned the smile at Buck, before going back to dusting the room. This time, she kept going until she was finished, & after she put the feather-duster away, she swept the extra dust off her hands by wiping them over the apron covering the hem of her lilac chiffon dress. Then, Miss Scott turned toward the pulled-down ladder leading up to the open door of Buck's attic, but not without motioning for her boyfriend to come forward. \"I guess it's time for the general to return to the front & assume his duties?\" Buck asked jokingly, getting up from the living-room couch & going over to the foot of the ladder. \"I'm afraid so, Bucky-boo,\" Miss Scott said with a playful look, watching Buck climb up the ladder, until he crawled through the doorway & entered the attic. Getting onto his hands & knees, Buck began looking around for trash & junk to pick up, so that it would be easier for Miss Scott to sweep the attic without falling & tripping over something. At one point, during his search, Buck pushed aside a small cardboard box to check for garbage behind it...but as he did so, he could've sworn he'd heard a noise—something like a high-pitched squeak, maybe? Curious to hear the sound again, Buck moved the box to its original position, then pushed it back aside--& heard the squeaking noise once more. \"Well,\" Buck muttered to himself, \"idn't that the darndest thing...?\" Buck pushed the box a third time (but in the opposite direction), then took a look at the now-empty space where the box had been. His eyebrows flew up in surprise when he got his first glimpse at what had been making all the squeaking... Lying on the dusty floorboards, curled up in a ball, was a tiny, little mouse. The unfortunate rodent, who was covered in soft gray fur from head to toe, was soaking-wet (he had probably spent a long time out in the rain, before sneaking his way into the attic), & shivering like crazy—probably just as much out of fright, as he was out of coldness. (And to add to his troubles, the mouse looked like he had a sprained left paw, which he grasped at the wrist with his right hand to keep it in place, so his injury wouldn't get worse than it already was.) Poor, tiny, timorous mouse! Buck couldn't help but feel just a bit sorry for him... Slowly, carefully, Buck extended a hand out towards the mouse, who, upon seeing it, tightened up into a defensive fetal position, shaking & squeaking even more than he was just a few seconds earlier. Undaunted & undeterred, Buck gingerly let his hand down to rest against the mouse, who gradually began to calm down when he felt Buck petting him & rubbing his hand back & forth over his body. \"There, there, little mousie,\" Buck said to the mouse in a gentle, reassuring tone. \"I'm not gonna hurt you...\" When the mouse had finally relaxed, Buck carefully scooped him up into the palm of his hand, which he then brought up in front of his eyes, so he could get a closer look at the creature. As Buck started gazing over the mouse, he thought to himself, You know, that little mouse is kinda cute... Unbeknownst to Buck or the mouse, however, Miss Scott was climbing up the ladder & into the attic, before going over to Buck, who was down on one knee, looking at something he was holding (though what that something was, she wasn't exactly sure). \"Bucky,\" Miss Scott asked as she slowly approached her boyfriend, \"what's gotten your attention all of a sudden?\" Buck didn't say anything in reply, but turned to face Miss Scott...& showed her the mouse resting in his palms. Miss Scott's reaction was not too favorable: \" AHHHH!!!!! \" Frightened out of her wits, Miss Scott took a tumble backwards & landed bum-first on the floor, before scooting back as far away from the mouse as she could...until her back hit against a stack of cardboard boxes, & she could go no further. Miss Scott continued to shriek in alarm, however, shaking uncontrollably & flailing her arms & legs about in a wild panic. \"Shhh, Elaine,\" Buck directed, putting a finger to his lips. Miss Scott continued to freak out, though, & the little mouse became so frightened, he let out a squeak & dove head-first into Buck's shirt-breast pocket, only daring to peel out after a few seconds of hiding. He continued to tremor & tremble, however, while he watched Miss Scott screaming like a banshee & making a scene. Buck went over to Miss Scott & gently held her hand in his, stroking her shoulder-length brown hair as he shushed her & said, \"Elaine, honey, not so loud! You'll frighten the mouse!\" \" You found a mouse in the attic?! \" Miss Scott yelled, unable to control the volume of her voice. \" Where? Where?! \" She began turning her head & looking about in different directions, her eyes wide with fear. \"Over there,\" Buck said as he pointed to the place where he had first seen the mouse. \"Then, throw it outside!\" Miss Scott pleaded. \"Or poison it! Or call the exterminator! Just get rid of it, Bucky! \" She took off one of the lilac high-heel shoes that went with her dress, & threw it across the room in the hopes of scaring the mouse. It worked...but the mouse didn't scurry out of Buck's pocket—he ducked right back in! \"Aw, Elaine,\" Buck complained, \"you scared him again!\" \"Good!\" Miss Scott blurted, still distraught over what she had just seen. \"And I hope he never comes back!\" \"But, honey,\" Buck beseeched his girlfriend, \"just give me a minute to explain...\" Upon hearing this, Miss Scott began to calm down, & looked at Buck with a quizzical stare. \"Explain what?\" she asked, letting her arms & hands float down to rest on the floor by her side. Buck looked down for a second as he saw the mouse timidly crawling out of his shirt-pocket & climbing down into his open hand, before bringing said hand closer to Miss Scott's face, so she could look at the mouse more closely. \"I was looking for trash to pick up off the floor, & I found this little guy lying beside a box,\" Buck told Miss Scott as he showed her the mouse. \"Poor mouse was so miserable...all alone, & scared, & cold, & wet, & naked...\" \"All mice are naked, Buck,\" Miss Scott stated flatly. \"Well,\" Buck said with a bashful chuckle, \"you know...\" He cleared his throat, & continued, \"Anyway, he's got a sprained wrist, & I think he should stay somewhere safe until it heals, & then, he can go about freely again.\" \"And where would that someplace be?\" asked Miss Scott. \"I could keep him here,\" Buck replied. \"Maybe, in a shoebox, or something...\" Miss Scott was not too pleased with the idea of a mouse living with her (& her boyfriend) at their house. \"No!\" she refused. \"Absolutely not!\" She stomped her bare foot down, then crossed her arms over her chest & tilted her head up (with closed eyes) in firm decisiveness. \"Come on, Elaine,\" Buck begged, \"can't you show a little compassion? Don't you feel sorry for that cute little mouse...with that little pink nose...& those little pink ears...& that long pink tail...& those big brown eyes?\" Miss Scott opened her own eyes, then took a long, hard look at the mouse resting in Buck's hand, staring up at her with those big, beady, brown peepers of his, & a hopeful smile on his face...Eventually, the power of cute animal charm won Miss Scott over, & with a bit of hesitancy, she finally relented. \"Well...all right, Bucky. I guess he can stay.\" Buck & the mouse both smiled at one another, then at Miss Scott, who got up off the floor & made her way to the attic door, but before she began climbing down the ladder, she told Buck, \"But the mouse has to leave as soon as his wrist is healed!\" \"Don't worry, Elaine,\" Buck assured Miss Scott, still smiling. \"By the time he gets better, he'll be out of here faster than you can say, 'Glockenspiel'!\" End Of Part 1[Chapter 2] A MOUSE IN THE WAR ROOM! AUTHOR'S NOTES: This is a short, 3-part fanfiction piece for the \" Dr. Strangelove \" fandom, featuring General Buck Turgidson, Miss Scott, the War Room cast, & a very surprising (but nonetheless very adorable) guest character—the eponymous mouse of our story. Buck Turgidson, Miss Scott, & all other characters, elements, & properties belonging to \" Dr. Strangelove \" © Stanley Kubrick & Columbia Pictures. I only claim ownership to the story itself, the mouse, & my invented first name for Miss Scott. When you're finished reading the story, feel free to leave a review. I'll take anything from simple comments to constructive criticism, as long as they're not flames or written in a mean, rude, or overly-harsh manner. And now that my copyright-&-disclaimer is finished, let the fanfiction begin! Happy reading! Part 2: Mouse In The House It had only been four days since Buck decided to take care of the little mouse he had found in his attic, & by now, he had not only gotten used to the animal's presence, but he was also doing his best to make sure that his furry patient was taken good care of during his stay at \"Turgidson Hospital\". The mouse spent most of the day resting in a makeshift sleeping bag (made out of one of Buck's socks), while Buck occasionally fed him pieces of cheese & pieces of leftovers from his own plate. Whenever he had spare time on his hands, Buck would stay by the mouse's side, tenderly watching over him; as the human general kept vigil over the poor critter in his care, he would sometimes pet him on the head with his fingertip to make him feel more calm. Gradually, the mouse's wrist began to heal, but it would be a few more weeks before he was completely cured; however, he was feeling well to try & crawl out of his sleeping-sock. At this point, Buck felt that it was probably safe for the mouse to try & start doing different activities now. On the fifth day of the mouse's stay at Buck's house, \"Doctor\" Turgidson began to make several changes to the \"hospital\" schedule, & these changes soon became a permanent part of his patient's routine. In the morning, at around 8:00, Buck watched the mouse wake up, then fed him his breakfast (which consisted of a slice of cheese & some of the remnants of Buck's morning meal). After that, Buck helped the mouse out of his sock, before going to the kitchen & \"borrowing\" one of Miss Scott's favorite porcelain teacups. Then, Buck filled the teacup with hot water from the kitchen sink (& even squirted in a small bit of scented dish soap to add a generous layer of bubbles); after placing the mouse's makeshift bathtub down on the counter, Buck carefully took the mouse into his hands, & helped him get settled into the bath. The mouse let out a surprised squeak when he first felt the heat of the water that was surrounding him, but within a few minutes, he got used to the warmth, & started to relax with a sigh of satisfaction. \"By the time you're finished with your bath,\" Buck told the mouse with a big smile, \"I'm sure you'll be feeling a lot better!\" The mouse returned the smile as he leaned back comfortably in his little \"tub\", & while the animal lingered in his state of relaxation, Buck put some soap onto his hands, then reached over to gingerly lather the cleansing foam all over the mouse's fur, along with the skin underneath it. For the next few minutes, the mouse's bath continued peacefully, until, at one point, Buck & the mouse were both startled out of their wits when they heard Miss Scott shouting to them from across the room. They both looked up to find her standing in the threshold of the kitchen doorway, dressed in the pink blouse & mint-green skirt she had put on this morning. \"Buck, what on Earth are you doing?\" the secretary demanded with an irritated glower. \"I've told you not to mess around with those good teacups! They belonged to my grandmother, & they're a priceless family heirloom!\" \"I-I'm sorry, honey,\" Buck said with a shameful frown. \"I know I should've asked you first, but it was kind of...an emergency.\" \"What 'emergency',\" Miss Scott asked as she angrily stomped over to approach Buck at the kitchen counter, \"could there possibly be to give you a reason to...\" Then, she suddenly stopped in her tracks, gasping in terror as her eyes became wide as saucers. \"Th-that mouse , \" Miss Scott blurted in shock, \"is bathing... in my teacup!!! \" She began to hyperventilate, becoming increasingly hysterical as she continued to blurt out, \"Oh, my God! That disgusting little creature is taking a bath in my teacup! My nice teacup! Who knows what kind of germs & filth he could be putting in it?! Oh, I don't know how many times I'll have to wash the cup, before I can get the stains out...\" \"Elaine,\" Buck protested as he gestured to the mouse, \"he's not filthy anymore. I just cleaned him up.\" \"Yes,\" Miss Scott retorted, unable to control the volume of her voice. \"You gave him a nice, hot bath... in my prized teacup! \" \"I promise I'll wash it out when the mouse is finished,\" Buck promised, but Miss Scott would hear none of it. \"No, no,\" she insisted, \"don't even bother! It's probably too tainted to use anymore!\" With a huff, Miss Scott stormed out of the kitchen, slamming the door shut behind her. Stunned by the woman's behavior, Buck & the mouse both looked at one another in puzzlement...then gave a shrug of their shoulders, before Buck went back to bathing the mouse. When the mouse was all cleaned up, Buck took him out of the teacup, then gently dried him off with a linen dish-cloth; then, he emptied the contents of the used teacup into the sink, then made an effort to rinse the container out (several times in a row!) with plenty of dish soap & clean water. After placing the teacup in the dishwasher for good measure, Buck scooped the now-spotless mouse up into his hands, then carried him out of the kitchen, & into the small playroom on the second floor, where Miss Scott's nieces & nephews often went to play whenever they paid visits to \"Aunt Elaine & Uncle Buck\". Upon entering the chamber, Buck took a seat on the floor, then placed the mouse down in front of him; the little rodent took a good look around the playroom, his eyes widening in fascination at all the fun things he saw scattered around him. The playroom was filled with all sorts of toys, games, dolls, & other playthings...& a number of them were just the right size for the little mouse to play with! \"See something that you like?\" Buck asked the mouse with a smile & a merry twinkle in his eyes. The mouse didn't say anything for a few minutes, as he continued to look around the playroom, but then, he spotted something of interest, & turned to face Buck with an affirmative nod of his head, & a squeak. Then, he scampered over to a small tower of rainbow-colored rings (which was a favorite toy of Miss Scott's youngest niece), & Buck followed suit, crawling over to the mouse & the toy he had decided to check out. \"You wanna play with that?\" asked Buck, pointing to the Rainbow Rings with his forefinger. When the mouse nodded & squeaked \"yes\" again, Buck conceded, & brought the stacking tower closer to them, before taking the rainbow rings off of it, & setting them down on the floor. \"OK, now, watch this,\" Buck told the mouse as he carefully picked up the red ring, & placed it at the bottom of the tower. Then, at a snail's pace, he added the orange, yellow, green, & blue rings on top, before taking the tower, tipping it over, & making the rings fall to the floor once more. \"Can you tell me where the red ring is?\" Buck asked. The mouse looked at the five rainbow rings, closely inspecting each one, & when he came upon the red ring, he took notice of its size & color, remembering that it had been the first one Buck had placed on the tower. The mouse gently poked at the red ring with the tip of his nose, & squeaked to indicate that he had found the requested object. Buck gave the mouse a word of praise, then picked up the red ring, which he put back on the tower. Much to Buck's surprise, the mouse was easily able to locate the orange, yellow, green, & blue rings in the order that was given to him, &—even more impressively—pushed each ring over to Buck once he had found it. When the tower of rainbow rings was finally finished, the mouse gave a squeak & a proud smile at the sight of what he had helped to accomplish. \"Wow, little guy,\" Buck remarked in astonishment, \"you seem to be feeling a lot better already!\" With that, Buck put the stacking rings away, & turned to face the mouse again. \"So, is there anything else that you wanna play with? We've got a few hours to kill before lunchtime.\" The mouse took a look around the playroom, then scurried off to find another toy that caught his fancy; this time, he came back with a Rainbow Slinky, holding the end of it in his mouth. Buck then took the slinky from the mouse, & started performing several tricks with it, in order to entertain the mouse. He juggled it back & forth in his hands; he made it tumble down a \"staircase\" of picture books; he held one end of it in his hand, as he swung the rest around & around in a \"hula-hooping\" vortex of iridescent hues; he made it wiggle & jiggle about in a series of funny little \"dances\"; he maneuvered it across the floor, making it move like a snake; he sang a little ditty as he pushed & pulled the slinky in & out, holding both ends in his hands, while he played it like an accordion; he stretched it out, & beckoned for the mouse to crawl inside the makeshift tunnel, so he could try to find his way back out (an activity he really liked doing!). Buck & the mouse both enjoyed playing with the Rainbow Slinky for several minutes, & when they had finally put it away, the mouse went off to retrieve another toy, before returning to Buck with a big bag of marbles. When the general saw what the mouse wanted to play with now, his eyes lit up, & his face formed a look of nostalgic reverie. \"Man, I haven't played a game of marbles in who-knows-how long!\" Buck said, more to himself than to the mouse. \"This brings back a lot of fond memories for me...\" Buck untied the string that kept the bag of marbles closed, then carefully emptied the small sack, watching its contents spill out onto the floor. \"This is gonna be fun, little mouse!\" Buck said excitedly as he sorted out all the marbles, preparing himself & his new friend for what they felt was going to be a very delightful game, indeed. Just before the beginning of the marbles match, Buck got out a blank piece of paper, on which he used a crayon to draw a big red circle that would serve as their playing boundary. Then, Buck took the time to show the mouse the rules of the game, & also explained to him what each of the different marbles looked like, & how they were meant to be used. The mouse was quick to absorb all of this information into his brain, & when the game started, he had no trouble remembering what Buck had told him. With his newly-gained knowledge in mind, the mouse skillfully used his marbles (maneuvered by the tip of his nose) to knock out any of Buck's aggies, pearls, oilies, turtles, catseyes, oxbloods, & other marbles he could hit. As it turns out, the mouse didn't win the game, but Buck didn't let the joy of his victory go to his head. \"Don't worry, little mouse,\" Buck said as he stroked the mouse on the top of his head with his forefinger. \"You still did a great job.\" The mouse looked up at Buck with a smile, which the general returned, before scooping up all the marbles, & putting them back into the bag. Then, Buck looked down at the mouse & asked, \"Well, what do you want to play with now?\" The mouse squeaked in response, but this time, he didn't go off to fetch one of the toys in the playroom. Instead, he crawled onto Buck's shoe...then ran all the way up through his trousers leg, until he found his way into Buck's shirt. Before he knew it, Buck found himself laughing hysterically as he felt the mouse scurrying around all over his body, tickling him like crazy. Soon, Buck was rolling around on the floor in uncontrollable mirth & merriment, clutching at his sides as his frame was wracked with the force of his laughter. Even when the mouse stopped tickling Buck & finally found his way out of his shirt, he found his caretaker still laughing, unable to stop himself...until, after several minutes, Buck's laughter finally subsided, & he gently sighed for breath as he sat up & picked the mouse up into his hands. \"Gee, hanging out with you turned out to be a lot more fun than I originally thought it would be!\" Buck said to the mouse as he patted him on the head with the tip of his index finger once more. \"You know, I really like having you around the house! You're a real swell guy to hang out with!\" The mouse squeaked again, smiling even more widely at Buck, as he gave the general an affectionate cuddle by nuzzling his cheek; then, Buck set the mouse back down on the floor, & after that, they went back to playing with more toys, which they eagerly enjoyed doing until it was time to put the playthings away & come downstairs for lunch. Much to Buck's delight, Miss Scott had prepared his favorite meal—steak, broccoli, & home-cooked French fries (with plenty of ketchup on the side for dunking). Just as Buck tied a napkin around his neck, picked up some silverware, & took a seat at the table, however, Miss Scott told him sternly, \"Mouse out of the shirt pocket, Bucky! Mice do not eat at the dinner table.\" \"I think,\" Buck retorted with a mild glower, \"that a mouse should be allowed to eat wherever he wants, Elaine.\" \"Not in this house,\" Miss Scott said, glaring at her boyfriend (& his tiny friend) with her hands on her hips. \"As long as he's living under my roof, he's going to eat in the kitchen pantry, like mice are supposed to do.\" \"Actually, honey, the mouse is living under my roof,\" Buck snapped, \"& as owner of this house, I say the mouse eats at the table.\" \"Fine,\" Miss Scott said, untying the strings of her apron & letting it fall to the floor as she started walking out of the dining room. \"Then I won't be joining you for lunch!\" Miss Scott only came back for a few seconds to retrieve the lunch plate she had forgotten to remove from the table, & with a haughty scoff & a tilt of her nose in the air, she exited, leaving Buck to eat his lunch in silent solitude (of course, the mouse was content to help himself to leftover bits of Buck's steak, fries, & broccoli, sans ketchup—he didn't care much for the taste of it). Once he had finished eating, Buck put the mouse back into his shirt-breast pocket, & went upstairs to his room, where Miss Scott was sitting on the mattress of her boyfriend's bed, just finishing up her own lunch. When she saw the mouse in Buck's pocket, the secretary did not resist glaring in the animal's direction, but in her usually-calm voice, she took a piece of paper off of Buck's nightstand, & began to read aloud from it, listing the errands that she needed the general to go on while she was attending today's session of her best friend's book club. There weren't too many errands to do, Buck learned—turning in a book at the library, buying a bouquet of roses from the florist, mailing a couple of letters at the post-office, shopping for a few groceries at the supermarket—& it was nothing he couldn't take care of in an hour or less. So, after putting on his Air Force jacket over his regular clothing (with the mouse safely tucked away into the breast-pocket of said jacket), & taking an extra moment to shine his shoes, Buck went out (with list, letters, & library book in hand) to go on the errands for Miss Scott. It didn't take too long for Buck to check in the library book, buy the requested bouquet of roses, & mail the two letters, & as soon as he had done all that, he went off to the nearest Piggly-Wiggly store to begin grocery-shopping. While the mouse curiously (but ever-so-cautiously) peeped out from his hiding place, Buck leisurely pushed his cart through all the aisles of the supermarket, occasionally stopping to briefly chat with a friend or neighbor that he encountered during his travels, before continuing on his way (& returning words of greeting to whoever gave a salute & said to him, \"Good afternoon, General Turgidson!\"). Buck had no trouble finding the groceries on Miss Scott's list, & as soon as he had gotten a few of each item, he started to head for the check-out counter...but, at one point, he stopped in the doll section of the toy aisle, wanting to see what was in there (for curiosity's sake). Here, little packages of doll outfits & accessories were to be found across every square-inch of the section, & as he looked around at all the items, Buck couldn't help but think to himself that a few of the miniature clothes & baubles would make great additions to the dollhouse that one of Miss Scott's nieces owned. Deciding that said niece would probably like a few of these tiny trappings to add to her prized playset, Buck took a few of the outfit & accessory packages, & put them into the grocery cart. Just before he could make his way out, however, Buck stopped & turned his gaze back to the stuff on the shelves, as the mouse squeaked with interest & pointed to another one of the packages of doll-sized goodies. This particular package contained an assortment of clothing articles that you would expect a grown male doll to wear—a white tuxedo jacket with long matching trousers & matching dress-shoes, a small set of white shirt-sleeves, a pair of black faux-leather gloves, a long black necktie, a white top-hat, a pair of tiny black sunglasses, & a black cane with a faux-gold ball & tip—& as he looked at the package, Buck also noticed two separate ones on either side of it; one featured a doll-sized wheelchair, while another one contained an assortment of little wigs (including a curly, pompadour-looking mass of light-brown hair). Buck took all three of the recently-discovered packages, & placed them with the items in the grocery cart; for reasons that could only be known to him (& probably the mouse), he intended to put those doll accessories to good use... About an hour later, Miss Scott had returned home from her book-club meeting, & she was now at her desk in her personal office, placing the table-top telephone back down in its cradle; she had just finished taking a very important call for Buck, & in a few seconds, she would be going off to tell her boyfriend about the message he had received. As she exited the office & walked into the living room, where Buck was supposed to be, Miss Scott said, \"Bucky, I just got a call from your mother. She said that your aunt Suzie was coming over in two weeks to—\" Suddenly, Miss Scott cut herself off in mid-sentence when she took a look to her right...& noticed a long trail of tiny tracks (marked with washable black fingerpaint) going upward across one of the living-room walls. \"Why are there paw-prints & shoe-prints all over the wall?!\" Miss Scott demanded. After switching her gaze in another direction, she soon got her answer. She was shocked—& irritated—to see Buck kneeling down in front of the wall on the opposite side of the room; he was holding the mouse in his hands, moving his little hands & feet to make him crawl up the wall like a certain superhero. All the while, he sang a little ditty... Spider-mouse, spider-mouse, Does whatever a spider-mouse does... Can he swing from a web? No, he can't, 'cause he's a mouse... \"Buckley George Harmon Turgidson,\" Miss Scott snapped as she marched over to her boyfriend & his pet, \"you are going to clean those prints off the wall before bedtime tonight!\" When Miss Scott got close enough to Buck & the mouse, she gasped in even greater shock when she saw what Buck had done to the critter. \"Buck,\" Miss Scott asked angrily, \"is that mouse wearing the business suit I made for my little niece's dollhouse?!\" \"No, no,\" Buck said between chuckles as he shook his head, before pulling the mouse off of the wall & showing him to Miss Scott. \"I found this with some of the packets of doll accessories I bought for Sally at the grocery store, & I thought that it would make a cute outfit for the mouse to wear.\" Upon taking a closer look, Miss Scott saw that the mouse was dressed in a tiny tuxedo jacket with matching trousers & shoes (all of which were coated in dried-up black fingerpaint), along with white shirt-sleeves, a black necktie, & a miniature pair of black sunglasses; his right paw was covered in a black glove (made of faux leather), & his head was covered with what appeared to be a curly, light-brown doll's wig. Resting on the floor, at Buck's feet, was a pint-sized wheelchair—which had also probably been purchased during that last errand. \"What's gotten into you, Bucky?\" Miss Scott cried in exasperation. \"Ever since you found that mouse in the attic, you've been acting weird, & I don't mean in a good way!\" \"Aw, Elaine, me & the mouse are just playing around!\" Buck assured Miss Scott. \"Having a little harmless fun, you know?\" \"Buck, there's a fine, fine line between 'harmless fun' & utter zaniness!\" Miss Scott declared. \"If I didn't live with you at your house every single day, I would have thought that you've gone straight off your rocker!\" \"Come on, Elaine,\" Buck retorted, \"you shouldn't blow things out of proportion like that! I may have changed a little ...\"—he turned back to focus his attention on the mouse—\"...but I'm not totally different!\" Buck then placed the dolled-up mouse in the little wheelchair, & began to push him around across the floor, humming wordless ditties & talking to himself in a fake German accent. Miss Scott was certain by now that her boyfriend had completely lost his mind, or come awfully close to doing so. \"And you still don't think you've completely changed after meeting that mouse?\" Miss Scott asked sarcastically, placing her hands on her hips in irritation as she glared at Buck with a look of distaste. \" Nein, mein liebe ...\"—Buck quickly changed to his regular American accent—\"...I mean, uh, no, honey, of course not!\" \"I find that hard to believe,\" Miss Scott remarked flatly. \" Trust me, Elaine,\" Buck insisted, \"I have not lost my mind in any way, shape, or form. I assure you, I'm exactly the same man you know & love.\" \"Coming from the man who insists on keeping an icky, disgusting mouse as a pet, not to mention clothing him, playing with him, bathing him in one of his girlfriend's good teacups, & carrying him around 24/7!\" \"Well, Elaine, if you ask me, I think you should have more respect for our fellow living creatures!\" \"I do...for cats, dogs, rabbits, & anything that doesn't have six or more legs, or live in a sewer!\" \"Last time I checked, honey, rats were the ones who lived in sewers, not mice! \" Miss Scott tried to argue with Buck some more, but she soon got tired of pursuing the topic, & gave up. She started walking away, but as she headed back for her office, she called out to Buck, \"That mouse is causing nothing but trouble for you & me...Sooner or later, Buck, & whether you like it or not, your little 'pet' is going to have to be evicted from the Turgidson household!\" Buck just glared askance at Miss Scott, before looking back down at the mouse, who was quickly taken up into the safety of his human friend's hand. Forming a smile on his face, Buck patted the mouse's head with his other hand, & said, \"Don't worry, little mousie...Uncle Buck is gonna make sure that mean old Aunt Elaine doesn't throw you out for a long while!\" And Buck certainly intended to make good on his promise. Although he knew that he would eventually have to keep his end of the bargain he made with Miss Scott, Buck still wanted to let the mouse stay in his house for as long as possible...until he knew that his pint-sized pal was absolutely ready to leave & find a new home. That evening, after dinner, Buck went into the kitchen to put the dishes in the sink, then placed the mouse down on the counter, before reaching into the cabinet for one of Miss Scott's good teacups; the general knew his lady-friend was going to have his hide for it later, but it was the only object in the entire house that was the right size for a mouse's makeshift bathtub. Just as he did this morning, Buck filled the teacup with hot water & soap bubbles, then put it down & placed the mouse inside, before proceeding to wash him (this time, however, Buck used a toothbrush to scrape off soap from the bar, & rubbed said brush across the mouse's body, massaging the soap into his fur & skin). Thankfully, Buck was able to finish the task of cleaning the mouse without any intrusions or interruptions from Miss Scott...that is, until the mouse was dried off, & his caretaker was right in the middle of rinsing the teacup out in the sink! Buck somehow managed to keep from dropping the teacup in his hands when the kitchen door suddenly slammed open (sending the poor mouse running for cover), & a very ticked-off Miss Scott appeared in the threshold. \" A-ha! \" Miss Scott exclaimed, glaring at Buck as she pointed an accusatory finger at him. \"I see you using one of my good teacups for the mouse's bathtub again!\" \"I know you find it very annoying, Elaine,\" Buck told Miss Scott, \"but it's only temporary. Your teacups will be left totally untouched, as soon as the mouse leaves the house.\" \"Well, it better be soon,\" Miss Scott demanded, \"because I don't think I can stand that rodent's presence much longer!\" With a sharp pivot of her heels, the secretary turned to exit the kitchen, but before she left, she turned to face Buck once more, & said, \"And for the record, I really don't appreciate you using our dish-soap for bubble bath!\" Then, she walked out, slamming the door shut behind her. As if all of Buck's recent habits hadn't been getting on Miss Scott's nerves, she became even more fed up with what Buck started doing with the mouse at night! When dusk had arrived, Miss Scott came into the bedroom she shared with Buck; dressed in her nightgown & slippers, she was about to retire for the evening, but—much to her dismay—she found Buck (in his pinstriped pajamas, slippers, & robe) lying down on the mattress...with the mouse on his head. The mouse was resting on Buck's head—just to the side of where she would be putting her head! The very idea filled Miss Scott with dread & disgust, & she did not even try to keep this a secret from Buck. \"You're letting the mouse sleep with us in our bed?\" Miss Scott complained to her boyfriend. \"Oh, Bucky ...I don't know if I'll be able to sleep tonight!\" \"I'm not letting him touch you, Elaine,\" Buck told Miss Scott with a playful smirk, but this revelation was not very comforting to his girlfriend, who sighed in frustration, & immediately got off the bed, before taking a spare blanket & pillow, which she held in her arms as she walked downstairs, in the hopes she would be able to sleep better (let alone, at all) on the living-room couch. When Miss Scott was gone, Buck looked up at the mouse with a cheerful smile, & the mouse returned the expression as he heard his human friend tell him, \"Goodnight, little mouse.\" The mouse nodded & squeaked \"goodnight\" in reply, then closed his little brown eyes & curled up in a cozy ball on Buck's crew-cut brown hair, quickly falling fast asleep with the general as soon as the lights had been turned off. Buck & the mouse slept peacefully through the night, dreaming ever-so-pleasantly as they slumbered, but at some point during the wee hours of the twilight, Miss Scott soon came back upstairs into the bedroom to try & go back to sleep, as her experiment with the couch had not ended successfully. The secretary shuddered silently when she saw the mouse resting on Buck's head...but, wanting desperately to get more of her much-needed forty winks, she pulled back the covers of the bed & lay down, trying to get comfortable enough to doze off again. As Miss Scott slowly sank back into slumber, she closed her violet eyes tightly, doing her best to ignore the nasty little creature that was napping right next to her, his furry little chest rising & falling with each breath that he took into his filthy little lungs... Three more weeks passed after the fifth day of the mouse's stay at Buck's house, & already, the animal's wrist was just about healed. Every day had been pretty much the same for the mouse & his human caretaker—breakfast, morning bath, playtime, exercise, lunch, an occasional midday nap, any errands or other business that needed to be done, some afternoon playtime, dinnertime, evening bath, & bedtime—& in the time that he'd spent tending to the mouse & hanging out with him, Buck had quickly become attached to the wee fellow. He'd really begun to enjoy having the mouse around the house, as the animal was an additional source of company & comfort for Buck whenever he was feeling blue or bogged-down from his Air Force duties, & even though Buck still had Miss Scott to provide company & comfort for him, he thought that the house would somehow feel...a little empty without the mouse's presence...like whenever an old friend from the days of yore had come to stay at your house for a while, but when he left, his absence could be felt long after his departure. Granted, the mouse was a new arrival into Buck's life, but the general had spent so much time bonding with him, that he considered him a dear friend...almost like a furry, four-legged nephew. Buck had no qualms about bringing the mouse with him on errands (albeit, kept safely-hidden in his jacket- or shirt-breast pocket), giving him baths in Miss Scott's nice teacups, tickling his tummy with his forefinger, giving him pieces of cheese (or samples from his dinner plate) to nibble on, letting him scurry around underneath his shirt until he made him laugh, or letting him rest on top of his head when they retired for the night...& when it would finally be time for the mouse to have recovered from his injury, Buck didn't think he could bring himself to send the cute little critter away...He liked him too much! Unfortunately, Miss Scott did not look at the mouse from Buck's perspective. She considered the mouse to be a pest & a nuisance, & in spite of Buck's strengthening relationship with the tiny creature he had taken into his care, she was quick to express her disgust whenever she found the mouse doing something that displeased her, like playing hide-&-seek in her clothes drawer, or begging for a piece of her home-made desserts, or accidentally messing around with her makeup. How Buck could make friends with a creature like that was beyond Miss Scott, & with each passing day, it was getting more & more difficult for her to put up with the mouse's presence. Finally, by the end of the fourth week, Miss Scott couldn't take it any longer. In the middle of the afternoon on the 28th day of the mouse's stay, she confronted Buck (who was playing with the mouse in the upstairs playroom) & said to him, \"Buck, that mouse's wrist has been healed since yesterday, & I thought we both agreed that he was to leave the house as soon as he was feeling better!\" \"I know, Elaine,\" Buck said wistfully, \"but...\"—he sighed, & looked at the mouse with a fond, but sad, look in his eyes—\"...I don't know if I'm ready for him to leave yet. I really like having the mouse around, &...\" \"That doesn't matter,\" Miss Scott said sternly. \"A promise is a promise, Buck. Now, I want you to take the mouse outside, say 'goodbye' to him, & let him go free, or I'll call the exterminator & ask him to get rid of the mouse for you...& I don't think you would like that, would you, Bucky?\" Buck was literally stunned speechless as he looked up at his girlfriend in petrified astonishment, taken aback at the sudden realization that the day he had dreaded for so long had finally arrived; when Buck tried to protest, all that came out was a feeble squeak & a heavy sigh of sorrow, & as his face formed a melancholy frown, he reluctantly took the mouse (who was now wearing the outfit & wig that Buck had bought for him all those days ago) into his hands, along with the toy wheelchair, & gently stuffed them into his shirt- & jacket-breast pockets (respectively), before getting up onto his feet & trudging out of the playroom. Just before Buck could begin making his way down the second-floor corridor to the top of the stairway, the hallway telephone rang, & with a cry of \"I'll get it!\", Miss Scott ran to answer the phone. She briefly spoke with the person on the other line, before calling out loudly to Buck, \"Honey, General Sam Stains from the Joint Chiefs wants to talk to you! It's a matter of some urgency!\" Buck went to gently take the telephone from Miss Scott's hands, & after exchanging a few lines of discourse with General Stains, he finally said, \"OK...Yeah, I'll be there in about 10 minutes. Tell the guys I'm on my way...OK. Bye, Stainsy.\" With that, Buck hung up the phone, & told Miss Scott, \"I'm heading off to the War Room, sugar. President Muffley's holding a meeting with the Joint Chiefs Of Staff & the Cabinet about plans for a new military deterrent. I should be back in a few hours, so just take care of yourself while I'm gone...And don't call me unless it's an absolute emergency, OK?\" \"OK, Buck,\" Miss Scott replied. \"But remember to get rid of that mouse before you...\" \"I know,\" Buck said rather unhappily, \"I know, Elaine.\" With that, Miss Scott smiled in satisfaction as she watched Buck begin to make his way out of the house (with the mouse & wheelchair still tucked away into the breast-pockets of his shirt & jacket). Hopefully, Buck would stay true to his word, & the mouse wouldn't be joining him upon his return home. End Of Part 2[Chapter 3] A MOUSE IN THE WAR ROOM! AUTHOR'S NOTES: This is a short, 3-part fanfiction piece for the \" Dr. Strangelove \" fandom, featuring General Buck Turgidson, Miss Scott, the War Room cast, & a very surprising (but nonetheless very adorable) guest character—the eponymous mouse of our story. Buck Turgidson, Miss Scott, & all other characters, elements, & properties belonging to \" Dr. Strangelove \" © Stanley Kubrick & Columbia Pictures. I only claim ownership to the story itself, the mouse, & my invented first name for Miss Scott. When you're finished reading the story, feel free to leave a review. I'll take anything from simple comments to constructive criticism, as long as they're not flames or written in a mean, rude, or overly-harsh manner. And now that my copyright-&-disclaimer is finished, let the fanfiction begin! Happy reading! Part 3: War Room \"Mousehaps\", & Conclusion The War Room of the United States Pentagon was alive with the faint, but ever-so-active, murmur of conversation emitting from the people seated at the large table in the center of the chamber. Among these people were President Merkin Muffley, Generals Sam Stains & Frank Faceman (both of the United States Army), Admiral John Cooper (of the United States Navy), & Dr. Braun Strangelove (the director of the Weapons & Research Development branch of the government). Suddenly, the conversation in the room came to a halt when the front door swung open with a noticeable creak, & none other than General Buck Turgidson came in to join them at the table, all decked out in his nicely-decorated, olive-green Air Force uniform. \"Sorry I'm late, everybody,\" Buck apologized as he took a seat in his special chair, \"but I had a run-in with an angry bicyclist on the way over...There was a bit of a chase involved, so that took up a few minutes of my time.\" \"Oh, that's OK, General Turgidson,\" President Muffley said with the pleasant smile that usually appeared on his bespectacled face. \"The meeting was just about to begin, anyway.\" \"Well, good,\" Buck said as he returned the smile & got comfortable in his seat. \"At least, now, I know I haven't missed anything.\" After President Muffley had checked to verify that all the Joint Chiefs & Cabinet members were present with him at the table, he pushed his glasses up the bridge of his nose, & said, \"All right, folks, I suppose it's time for us to begin our big meeting...Oh, but before we discuss anything, I thought I should let you know that a maintenance crew is doing some work on the air-conditioning system, so there will be occasional bursts of sudden noise. Don't be too startled, OK?\" \"OK,\" everyone at the table echoed with nods of their heads. With that, President Muffley officially commenced the meeting, & the discussions on the new plans for a military deterrent began. Every attendee offered his ideas as to what the deterrent should be, & how it should work (Dr. Strangelove was the most eager participant in these conversations, as he was ultimately responsible for helping to realize these proposed plans, as well as supervising the construction & management of the deterrent in question), but when it was Buck's turn to offer his opinions on the matter, he suddenly stopped & gasped in alarm when he heard a loud clang coming from the other side of the room, where the maintenance crew was working. \"Are you OK, General Turgidson?\" President Muffley asked, looking at the current Chairman of the Joint Chiefs in concern. \"Yeah,\" Buck replied, as he smiled & took a moment to calm down from his earlier spook. \"I'm fine, President Muffley.\" Then, with a run of his hand over his hair, Buck composed himself, & opened his mouth to speak...but instead of words, all that came out was laughter. Much to the surprise, shock, puzzlement, & even amusement of the Joint Chiefs & Cabinet members, Buck clutched at his sides & started rolling about in his seat with uncontrollable laughter; no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't seem to stop himself from chuckling & cackling hysterically! Soon, some of the other people at the table started snickering & laughing, too, totally caught up in the infectious state of joy that was subtly spreading among them. President Muffley, however, was not very amused by Buck's unprofessional behavior. \"I enjoy a good laugh as much as the next person, General Turgidson,\" President Muffley said with a slight glower, \"but this really isn't the time for fun & games. We're dealing with serious business here, so could you please try , at the very least,to stop laughing a little?\" \"Sorry...President Muffley,\" Buck managed to blurt between incessant giggles & snorts, \"but...I'm feeling...kinda...ticklish...right now!\" For the next several minutes, Buck continued to laugh & linger in his state of merriment...but at one point, he suddenly stopped, & gasped in surprise when he saw the clothed (& panicked-looking) mouse scurrying out of the neckhole of his shirt, & down the length of the front of his jacket, but not without accidentally bumping the toy wheelchair that was hidden in Buck's coat-breast pocket (& causing said chair to fall out of its hiding place in the process). When that happened, both mouse & wheelchair fell onto the surface of the table with a small thud, & after shaking his head violently to & fro, the mouse opened his sunglass-covered eyes, regained his bearings, & looked around at his new surroundings with what appeared to be an expression of awe. Then, the mouse did something that one wouldn't normally expect it to do, but what Buck had spent part of the last several days training him to do—he got up onto his hind-feet, walked toward the upturned wheelchair, picked it up, turned it over, & sat down in the plastic seat...before gripping the tiny wheels on either side of the chair, & maneuvering it across the table, much to the amazement of the Joint Chiefs & the Cabinet members (as well as Buck). At first, President Muffley was not too happy about the meeting being interrupted, but soon, he, too, came to enjoy the small diversion that was taking place; he had to admit, whatever it was that Buck had brought over was doing a pretty nifty trick. \"Well, I must say,\" President Muffley commented with a wide smile of childlike astonishment, \"that's pretty neat, General Turgidson! Is that a mechanical toy?\" \"Well,\" Buck said with a coy smile on his own, \"not really...It's actually a...\" Buck was suddenly cut off from finishing his sentence when the War Room was filled with another loud clang , which startled the mouse & sent him bolting out of the wheelchair; the poor little critter was so frightened by the noise, he completely forgot about his newly-gained ability to walk on two legs, & was scurrying madly across the big table on all fours, squeaking like a terrified mouseling who had heard or seen something scary. When they saw the \"mechanical toy\" coming to life & running around in front of them in a mad panic, the people in the War Room all gasped in terror & reacted rather negatively to the appearance of this unwelcome, unwanted visitor; even though the mouse was dressed in clothing & a wig, it still didn't hide the fact that he was of a species that had an unfortunate reputation for being \"pests\" or \"vermin\" in the eyes of most humans. \"Oh, my gosh,\" General Stains exclaimed when he realized who the miniature person (or, rather, furson ) really was. \"That's not a mechanical toy at all!\" \"It's a mouse! \" Admiral Cooper cried, pointing at the mouse with a forefinger as he put his other hand to the side of his face in shock. \" A mouse in the War Room!!! \" President Muffley screamed, his own face now a mask of absolute terror. No sooner had the Commander-In-Chief uttered those infamous words, than he glared at the mouse (who was far more frightened of the humans, than they of him!) & pointed directly at him, giving only one order to the people who were in his presence: \"Kill it! Kill it! Kill it right now! \" The Joint Chiefs Of Staff & the Cabinet members were all-too-happy to oblige, & they immediately dove across the big table to try & make a catch for the mouse, who managed to elude their grasp & continued running across the table as fast as he could...before unwittingly falling off the edge & landing into the lap of General Faceman, who let out a loud shudder as he looked down at the mouse in wide-eyed terror, picked it up by the hem of his jacket, & threw it across the room. Seeing the mouse flying in his direction, Buck made a great leap & tried to catch the mouse in his hands...but he missed, & the mouse landed on his back with a thud, before skidding across the table like an out-of-control vehicle that had collided with a patch of black ice. When the mouse finally came to a stop, he immediately got up & began running again (this time, on two legs). All the while, he desperately hoped that he wouldn't be caught by any of the humans, with the exception of Buck...& that other human sitting across from him—the one who was dressed in the same outfit that he was. He looked like a nice human, as he didn't even look interested in the prospect of joining the other people in their attempts to kill him on plain sight. Hopefully, that one human would keep him safe from harm, & maybe even try to bring him back over to Buck. With this in mind, the mouse ran for the human in the wheelchair as fast as his little legs could carry him, doing his best to avoid the path of any hands, books, binders, shoes, or other objects that came down around the mouse in the not-so-friendly humans' attempts to kill him. Before he even knew it, the mouse soon found himself getting closer to the person that he hoped would be his savior. He was getting closer...closer...& even closer! Then, just when he thought he had reached safe harbor at last, the mouse looked up in terror when he saw the shadowy form of a large shoe looming over him. The mouse quickened his pace, praying that he could evade the mighty hand that was moving the shoe, before it had a chance to bring the impromptu weapon down upon his furson, & squash him. For a moment, it seemed like it was all over for the mouse...until he let out a surprised squeak as he felt himself being taken into the gentle grasp of two human-sized hands—one of which was covered with a single black glove. \"What's this?\" the human asked curiously in a German accent as he gently stroked the mouse on top of his wig-covered head with the fingers of one hand, while he continued to hold him in the other. \"I think we have a little mouse in the War Room...How delightful!\" The mouse looked up at the face of the human who'd caught him, then let out a squeak (more like a sigh) of relief when he discovered that it was none other than the very human he had hoped he would reach...Dr. Strangelove. \"Well,\" Strangelove said with a playful smile as he laid the mouse down into the open palm of his gloved hand & began looking him over inquisitively, \"this is very strange, indeed. A mouse dressed in my clothes...with my hair...& my glasses?\" Then, Strangelove looked down at the tiny wheelchair that was rolling toward him from the middle of the table, having been knocked out of its earlier position in the confusion & chaos that had taken place a few minutes ago. The doctor picked up the toy wheelchair with his other hand, & as he gazed at it, he smiled even more widely, & let out a chuckle of amusement, before looking back at the mouse who, save for his different facial features & the fur covering his body, could have passed for the splitting image of him. \"My goodness,\" Strangelove chortled, \"I've never seen a mouse who looks & dresses just like me! It's a very unusual thing...although very interesting, too.\" He looked down a bit more closely at the mouse, & said cheerfully to him, \"Hello! Guten tag, klein Maus . \" The mouse looked up at Dr. Strangelove, returning his smile as he let out a squeak & waved his right arm in greeting...showing the human the pint-sized replica of the glove he wore on his right hand. This only served to increase Strangelove's amusement, of course, & he continued to chuckle as he surveyed the mouse, finding greater & greater enjoyment in the striking similarities between his & the animal's appearances. Whoever had clothed the mouse had taken great care to make him pass for a rodential version of Dr. Strangelove, right down to the sunglasses, wheelchair, & light-brown pompadour. To say the least, Strangelove was very impressed with that person's efforts in \"rodentizing\" him; he (or she) had done a very good job at it. Strangelove continued to admire the mouse for a few more minutes, then carefully tucked him (& the toy wheelchair) inside the breast-pocket of his black jacket, before pushing his wheelchair back from the table & making his way over to Buck, who was sitting down in his chair, & looking awfully worried about what may have happened to his furry friend. That worried look, however, soon became a look of relief when he saw the mouse smiling at him as he peeked out of Strangelove's pocket. \"Aw, gee,\" Buck said once he saw that the mouse was all right, \" there you are, little fella! I was getting pretty worried about you!\" \"Not to worry, General Turgidson,\" Dr. Strangelove said as he carefully took the mouse & wheelchair out of his jacket-pocket, & handed them over to Buck. \"Your little freund is in good hands.\" Buck took the wheelchair, & stuffed it into his coat-breast pocket, before smiling at Dr. Strangelove & saying to him, \"Thanks a bunch for your help, Doctor.\" \"It's my pleasure, General Turgidson,\" Strangelove replied with a pleasant expression on his face. \"I have to admit, you did a very wunderbar job at getting that mouse to look so much like me. Were he & I only of the same species, he could pass for my splitting image! \" Then, chuckling to himself once again, Strangelove began to make his way back to his usual place at the table, &—seen just out of the corner of the doctor's eye—the little mouse smiled & waved \"goodbye\" to him. After that, Buck sat back down in his own chair, still holding the mouse in his hands as he watched the other members of the Cabinet & Joint Chiefs Of Staff clean up whatever mess they may have made earlier, before calmly returning to their seats...& proceeding to glare at Buck & the mouse. President Muffley, too, glowered in irritation at the general & the \"pet\" he had brought over. \"Well, General Turgidson,\" the President asked as he readjusted his glasses after sitting down, \"what do you have to say for yourself?\" Buck hesitated, but then sighed & replied, \"I probably should have told you in advance about the mouse...I-It's a long story, but, well, let's just say that the mouse had spent a few weeks in my care, & my lady-friend kinda...got tired of having him around, & she wanted me to get rid of him. I was just about to do that, when General Stains called me & told me about the conference, &...I...never got around to doing what Elaine asked of me, so...that's why the mouse is still here.\" \"Very well,\" President Muffley said. \"I'll give everybody a few minutes to settle down from the earlier incident, & then, we can continue with our meeting. In the meantime, I think it really would be best if you took the opportunity to send the mouse on his way out.\" When he heard Muffley's orders, Buck immediately felt a twinge of great emotional pain; his face fell, his heart sank, & his stomach dropped...but he knew deep down, all along, that the wonderful times he'd shared with the mouse had to come to an end at some point, & this, unfortunately, was it. He had long feared the day when he would have to bid \"farewell\" to the mouse & watch him walk out of his life forever, & now that that day had arrived, it felt even more painful to him than he had ever imagined. It would be a hard, hard thing for him to do...& yet, he knew it had to be done, all the same. Sporting a sorrowful look on his face, Buck quietly trudged out of the War Room, & after passing through the open doorway, he went outside, onto the front lawn of the Pentagon. The sun was just beginning to set in the sky, tinting the heavens with hues of pink, purple, & lavender; the freshly-cut, green grass softly crunched under Buck's shoes as he stepped out further into the dwindling sunlight, & knelt down gently upon the ground, lowering the mouse (who was still resting in the palms of his open hands) down to the level of his feet. The mouse scampered out onto the grass, looking around in confusion, & when he turned to stare at Buck, his face fell when he saw the dejected expression on the general's own face. \"Well, little buddy,\" Buck told the mouse sadly, \"this is it. I can't keep you with me anymore. You'll have to go find your own place to live now.\" Saying those very words made Buck choke up just a little, & with a sniffle, he took a handkerchief out of his jacket-lapel, & began dabbing at his moist eyes with it as he said tearfully, \"But it pains me, because I really, really hate to see you go...To be perfectly honest, you were one of the best friends I can ever recall having in my life...& I have a lot of really good friends...\"—sniffle—\"...but needless to say, I truly enjoyed hanging out with you & stuff...If Elaine didn't hate mice so much, I'd keep you as a pet, but...\"—another sniffle—\"...there's no use trying to change that, so...well, there you go...\" After sniffling one more time, Buck blew his nose, then stuffed the handkerchief back into his lapel, & with misting eyes, he told the mouse in a voice croaked with emotion, \"Go on, little mouse. Go on, & try to move on with your life, OK? Don't worry about me...Just leave, & be done with it.\" With great reluctance at the prospect of having to part ways with the kind, benevolent human who had taken care of him & befriended him, the mouse slowly began to walk away...but, then, he suddenly came back to scurry onto Buck's shoe, & just like he had done not too long ago, he crawled up the length of the general's frame, before climbing onto his shoulder & giving him an affectionate cuddle, followed by a kiss on the cheek. Then, with a wave & a merry squeak of \"goodbye\", the mouse slid down off of Buck's body, & scampered off across the Pentagon lawn...off toward the wilderness that lay ahead somewhere on the horizon. As he watched the mouse dash away from view—& out of his life—Buck put on a bittersweet smile, as tears of mixed emotion slid down his face. He still regretted having to bid \"adieu\" to his furry little friend...but then, as his left hand touched upon the tiny toy wheelchair that was still in his jacket-breast pocket, he knew that saying \"goodbye\" did not have to be totally sad. If Buck always kept the toy wheelchair somewhere close by, the loss would be somewhat easier for him to bear over time...for as long as he had that wheelchair, the general also still had the mouse with him—in his heart, & in the fond memories that he held of those four weeks he spent with the little critter he had found in his attic on that rainy fall day...the mouse who had touched his spirit & soul in ways he had never thought possible. When, after what seemed like a small eternity had passed, he finally rose to his feet & turned to make his way back into the War Room, Buck never forgot about the mouse he had befriended all those days ago. Even as Buck returned to the meeting—& the regular routine of his daily life—the memories of that mouse were still floating around somewhere in the back of his mind, filling him with a feeling of sweet nostalgia that he continues to feel to this day, every time he thinks about the adorable little mouse that came into his life on that fateful afternoon. And although Buck probably wouldn't like to publicly admit it, on account of \"having an image to maintain\", he still does think about that mouse every now & again. Who wouldn't? After all, it's a well-known fact that the unusual encounters or events we experience in our lives leave a lasting impression on our inner selves...& General Buck Turgidson was certainly no exception to this rule. THE END ","Summary":" A MOUSE IN THE WAR ROOM! AUTHOR'S NOTES: This is a short, 3-part fanfiction piece for the \" Dr. St"},{"Movie":"Ned Kelly","Title":"The Outlaw and The Lass","Author":"ValarMorghulis ValarDohaeris","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8581602","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ned Kelly wondered the wilderness with his band of outlawers, consisting of his friends, Steve Hart and Joseph Byrne and his brother, Dan Kelly. It had been only yesterday that they had killed the first of many coppers, having been framed for a crime that he did not commit. Now, having been forced into a lawless life, they crept about, keeping a low profile, jumping at the slightest sound for the fear that they might've been seen. Suddenly, they froze. The distinct sound of low voices met their ears. Instantly, the assumed it was a band of police, out hunting for their hides. Looking about each other, they agreed on what had to be done. They had killed, they had spat on the law when they murdered those police men just the day before, so why would they shy away now? Their lawful days were behind them, now all that mattered was survival. Creeping quitely among the brush, careful to keep from sight, knowing very well that if one of them was given away too soon it meant certain death. On his far left, Ned motioned Joe to peek over the bushes to analyze the situation. Swallowing his fear, the young man carefully peeked out from behind the foliage. Through the leaves, he could clearly make out a band of robbers like ourselves, setting up camp for the night. As he scanned the scene, his eyes fell on several objects of value: trunks filled with fine silk clothing, wallets cast about the ground, the money having been looted from their folds, fancy lace parasols and the like. Instantly, he deduced that they had robbed a stage coach. Continuing the investigation, his eyes were immediately drawn to a young lass. Quite easy on the eyes, if he might say. Her blue dress was tattered and torn, her light brown locks falling askew from what once was an elegant bun. She was tied against a tree, her arms bound behind her. She looked about frightfully, her light blue eyes dodging about, no doubt thinking through all of the possiblities that fate had in store for her as it was entirely dependent upon her captors. His breath caught in his throat as her gaze caught his. Her eyebrows furrowed together in confusion, as if she was deciding whether his presence was welcome or another thing to worry about. \"Oi! Wha' you lookin' at?\" snarled one of the three robbers to her, which seemed like a mighty stupid demand considering the fact that the cloth that they tied around her mouth muffled any words that she attempted to say. Her eyes flung back to Joe and the men turned around in turn. Taking this as their cue, the Kelly gang emerged from their hiding places, their pistols held at the ready, \"We mean you no harm,\" said Ned, \"We thought ye were the law, but since we have ye here, tell me, what with the lass?\" They chuckled and lowered their guns. \"We found her travelin' on her on.\" \"Ah,\" Joe sighed with a shake of his head, \"Now, that is no way to treat a lady. Surely you know that? Why do you not untie her?\" \"Then she would run.\" the man answered with a frown. \"So she is a hostage then?\" They smiled and nodded stupidly, \"Yeah, yeah, that's the word, thank ye.\" \"Well me men and I don't take lightly to harmin' women folk.\" Ned replied as he sternly sized up the men. \"If you are gentlemen, I'd ask that you let the lass go.\" One of the three men laughed hysterically and grabbed the lass by the chin to give us a better view of her face, \"This is no lady,\" he insisted, \"The damn thing just about scratched my eye out.\" he said, pointing to a deep, fresh looking scratch running from his forehead, passed his bloodshot right eye to his cheek. \"Yeah,\" agreed another, \"If she would'a behaved she wouldn't be tied up.\" \"We can take the lass out of your hair,\" said Ned, \"Surely she is no use to you.\" The third man shook his head and shrunk down next to the lass and stroked her cheek with a nasty, yellow-toothed smile. She tried in vain to move away from the man, for the ropes held her in place. The man's expression turned angry as he raised his hand and struck her hard enough on the head to knock her out cold. \"We can find plenty uses,\" he assured Ned. \"Once we, uh, whip her into line.\" Joe could tell Steve, Dan, and Ned were getting just as angry as he was at these men. Pointing his gun squarely at the chest of the man closest to the girl, he spoke through gritted teeth. \"Untie her or I'll shoot.\" The girl moaned faintly as she finally began to come-to. Her head rocked back and forth feverishly as Joe pressed a cold cloth to her forehead. Pulling his hand away, he watched her curiously as her eyes began to flutter open, looking about her surroundings as she had done before, no doubt trying to figure out where she was. Groggily she attempted to sit up, but was immediately halted by him, who gentle guided her back into a laying position. \"Don' be so hasty, lass,\" said the man who watched her from above, \"You don' wanna get faint again.\" Her brows knit together as she obsevered him. Her eyes studied his dark, curly hair and his handsome face. His chin was rough with the beginnings of a beard as was his lip with that of a moustache. His lips held tightly together, perhaps out of concern, but then again maybe he was merely a serious type of man. His eyes, however, big and brown, they were, watched her with such intensity that she could feel herself growing hot with blush. \"Do you think you're awake enough to talk?\" he asked. Hesitantly, she nodded. Nodding, he began his interrogation. \"Will you tell me why you were traveling alone?\" Shifting uncomfortably, she desperately attempted to recollect her thoughts. \"I was returnin' home from Sydney,\" she recalled, \"Ma sent me there for my education. I had boarded a stagecoach that was to take me the rest of the way home, but it was attacked and I was taken as a hostage.\" He smirked, arrogantly. \"Surely you know this is a good example of why a young lass shouldn't be traveling alone? You are Irish, aren't you? I can tell by the accent.\" Sitting up quicker than she probably should have, she glared at him challengingly. \"Excuse me, Mr.- whoever you are, but I am perfectly capable of taking care of myself! How dare you assume such things about me when you hardly know me! And I am most certainly not Irish, thank you, I am Scottish, of the family Wallace, I am.\" She opened her mouth to continue her verbal assult, when she was ultimately silenced as she realized that she and the man were not alone. Three other men sat not far from her, listening intently to their conversation, staring at her in wonder. The oldest looking one of the lot stood and made his way over to them, chuckling all the while. \"Ye got some flame in ye, lass.\" he said with a smile. \"But if you don't mind me sayin' I think you were in need of some protection, considering you got captured.\" Stubbornly, she crossed her arms over her chest, thrusting her nose up in the air obstanantly. \"For your information, they only had me hostage for only a few hours before your lot discovered us. I was goin' to escape when the time was right.\" Truthfully, she could've continued her verbal defenses for hours if she wished, but there was something about the newcomer that distracted her. Although she was rather certain that she'd never been formally aquainted with the man, something about him was familar. Was it the good-natured gleam in his dark brown eyes? Or perhaps his taunting smirk that seemed so daring, so defiant as if that of a... \"Great Scott!\" she exclaimed in her realization. \"You're Ned Kelly!\"[Chapter 2] In their surprise, the other two men sprang to their feet, regarding the strange girl with suspicion. She ignored them, however, upon realizing her victory and continued to reveal each of their identities, as they had obviously not intended her to know. \"And you are Dan Kelly,\" she continued, \"And Steve Hart,\" she paused shortly, returning her gaze to the man that sat at her side, gaping at her dumbfoundedly. Her lips curled into a victorious smirk. \"And that leaves Joe Bryne.\" \"Aye,\" said Ned, being the first to regain his composure. \"We are the Kelly Gang. If you don't mind my asking, how do you know us by name? I have never met you before.\" She shrugged, nonchalantly. \"Well it's kinda hard not to know ya.\" she said. \"Yer wanted posters are everywhere.\" she crossed her arms over her chest, smirking at them admirably. \"Ya know, you lads are very popular among the constables.\" \"Ned, this isn't good.\" said Joe, having overcome his initial shock. \"I know.\" he replied, rubbing his newly grown, bearded chin. \"What exactly are they sayin' about us lass?\" \"Callin' you thieves, said you murdered some constables.\" she replied, casually. \"Well they're partly right.\" Ned decided. Shrugging off the would be unnerving informtion, Joe returned his attentions to the girl; a much more captivating topic in his mind. Leaning on his elbow, his eyes studied her in such an enticing way that she found herself feeling, if possible, more uncomfortable than before. Ignoring her obvious signs of discomfort, Joe twirled a strand of her hair that had come loose from her bun flirtatiously around his finger. \"What be your name, pretty one?\" he asked, slyly, earning several bemused stares from his company. \"Kara.\" she answered, slightly confused as to why he was more concerned with her name than he was with the fact that he was now public enemy number one. \"Kara Wallace.\" he mused. \"Fine name. I would tell you mine, but it seems you already know it.\" Ned rolled his eyes knowingly, nudging Joe away from the poor girl who looked scared of out her wits in response to Joe's forwardness. \"I would be careful, Miss. Wallace. Joe has quite a liking for the women.\" \"Aye,\" agreed Steve, \"He has them all over, how many exactly are there, Joey?\" Joe blushed as the girl looked between the bickering men. \"Shut it.\" he muttered, glaring at each one of them in turn. Ignoring the others, Joe continued with his flattery, smirking at the young girl with amorous gazes and advances. Although he wouldn't admit it at the time, there was something more than just lust that attracted him to the young girl, something that made her different from the others, something that made his heart leap in his chest each time that her striking blue eyes met his bold brown ones. She was very young, seemingly no more than sixteen, but nonetheless she was captivatingly beautiful. Her skin was smooth and softly tanned from the harsh Austrailian sun. Her hair was a gorgeous, light shade of brown, which had been curled and neatly arranged atop her head in a fancy bun, a single tindral lying neatly upon her collarbone. Although she was quite filthy and disheveled, she was mesmerized with her. Shaking his strange, foreign thoughts from his head, building up a protective wall against his emotions with his sly demeanor. Breaking his gaze from the girl, his eyes met his partner's, an excellent idea coming to his mind, that would much benefit the Kelly Gang, as well as himself. \"Ned,\" said he, \"It could be good to keep her around. She's been in the outside world, she could give us valuable information.\" \"Oh?\" she inserted, raising her eyebrows challengingly. Her unprecedented interruption dumbfounded him, for he wasn't used to being cut off by a woman. \"And what makes you think I shall give you any information? And even if you did manage to get me to give you the information you seek, which you won't, how will you know it isn't false?\" she cocked an eyebrow, challenging him farther. Crossing her arms over her chest defiantly, she set her jaw in determined rebelliousness. \"Do you boys really need another reason for your arrest?\" Curling his lips into a devious smile, Joseph Byrne traced a finger down her trembling arm with a lustful gaze. \"Persuasion, if necessary.\" He purred. \"There will be no need for that,\" said Ned, catching his hand and throwing him a death-stare. \"Miss. Wallace is a lady and she will be treated as such. If she should recognize any place as her home or close to her home she has my permission to go at her own will.\" His gaze hardened. \"Is that understood, Joe? While Miss. Wallace is in our company, she will be under my protection.\" \"I am not you captive?\" she asked, clearly confused. Ned shook his head, looking upon her with kind eyes. Kneeling beside her, he offered her a friendly smile. \"Nay, you are not, Miss. You shall be our guest.\" He replied, looking about his party as if challenging them to claim otherwise, his gaze lingering on Joe in particular. \"And you shall be treated as such.\" He paused, allowing her to calm down a bit before he regarded her again. \"Would you like a blanket? It is cold and we should all be getting to sleep soon, we have a long ways to ride tomorrow.\" She nodded. \"Aye,\" she replied, accepting his offer gratefully. Fretfully, she glanced at her fingers. Normally, she would've continued with her obstinance and decline anything they might offer her, lest they use their 'kindness' as bargining points in the future for her cooperation, which she'd by no means give, but something about Mr. Kelly seemed, dare she say genuine? Whatever it was, his kind voice or gentleness, she felt she could trust him...for now. Not to mention, the night was quickly growing colder, if she were to continue with her stubborn approach, she'd most certainly be in for an uncomfortable night. \"My hands are beginning to go numb.\" she admitted, submissively. Joe clenched his jaw angrily as he watched the exchange commence. He didn't know why, but suddenly he harbored a short lived, intense hatred for Ned. He watched enviously as Ned took the girl's small hands in his large ones and began willing warmth into them with the traction of his hands, pressing his lips to her dainty palms to offer his warmth. Unable to help himself, he jumped up before Ned could get to his feet and scrambled to retrieve the blanket she'd requested himself. Proudly, he strutted over to her, diregarding Ned completely as he wedged between them and proceeded to wrap her in the thin blanket, smiling smugly, knowing that he had provided her with what Ned had not . The tension between the two men, however, did not go unnoticed by Kara, who looked between the two questioningly, meeting Ned's equally questioning gaze. Deciding to ignore Joe's strange change in attitude, she quietly thanked him before setting about making herself comfortable for the night as the other men had began following the suit, rolling out their blankets and fluffing their pillows as they had suddenly became aware of just how tired they truly were. Truthfully, Kara was grateful to have the opporunity of sleep, for since she'd been abducted, she had, by instinct, forced herself to remain alert at all times (with the exception of her being knocked unconscious, as she could not help that). Although she certainly found the Kelly Gang to be more civil than the robbers, she couldn't help her lingering discomfort and suspicion. Knowing better than to find herself vaunderable with stangers, she waited until each of the men had fallen into a deep sleep before she allowed herself to close her eyes and welcome a much needed sleep. However welcome the sleep was, it proved to be of the uneasy sort. Tossing and turning, the young girl was plagued by nightmares and shivers. Clinging desperately at the moth-eaten blanket for what little warmth it had to offer her, she struggled to find comfort as terrifying visions of being taken against her will massed about in her mind accompanying the fear the she'd never see her family again. In her afflictions, a troubled sound, somewhere betwixt a scream and a moan escaped her lips, waking the man who lay nearest to her. Joe Byrne glanced groggily into the darkness, uncertain as to whether he'd imagined the sound or not. His eyes searching about him, his gaze immediately falling on the young girl who lay a few feet away from him. Noting her intense shivering, he acted upon instinct, his thoughts far from carnal (for once) as he went to her aid. Without so much as a second thought, he leaned over her, carefully laying his own blanket upon her, over the one he'd already provided for her. He moved to return to his own bedroll when she rolled to her side, facing him, and in her troubled sleep she grasped his shirt, desperately clinging to him in response to whatever demon afflicted her. He was surprised at first at this action. After a few moments, he decided it best to submit to her grasp, allowing her to bury her face into his chest in her fright. Truth be told, Joe Byrne was shocked...not by her sleep-induced advances, but at the rush of pleasure and utter contentness that coursed through him at the small, innocent gesture. He was clearly preplexed. How could she effect him so when the contact between them was so innocent and limited? Hell, he hardly felt such emotions when he was intimate with a woman! But this...this was different than the lust he was so familiar with. This was a different kind of desire. This was longing. Absentmindedly, he swept a rogue strand of her hair from her face as he snaked his arms around her small waist, unable to help but smile as she molded her small frame to his, resting her head upon his broad chest. Taking her as his responsibility, he offered her what comfort he could give, holding her close to him, warming her with his body as he held her in his protective embrace. Enjoying the closeness he rested his head on hers and slowly allowed himself to drift off to a pleasant sleep.[Chapter 3] The sun had yet to rise when Kara Wallace awoke from her deep sleep. Her eyes fluttered groggily as they were still heavy from sleep. For a moment, she forgot where she was, her brain working furiously against her tiredness to come to its senses. Looking about herself, she suddenly became aware of odd predicament. Raising her head ever so slightly, she found herself to be held in the warm embrace of none other than the notorious Joseph Byrne, who slept peacefully beside her. He didn't seem to have taken any liberties, but one couldn't be too certain. Having never been so close to a man (and a handsome one at that) not of her kin, she instantly became frightened and jumped away from him, startled at such contact that she could only describe as being scandalous. What would her mother say?! She was unwed and unpromised, but that was due to age. She was much to young to consider courting and such intimacies made her down right uncomfortable. However, she wasn't as subtle in her surprise as she had thought because as she jumped away from him in her fright, his eyes flew open, in his own shock. \"I-I didn't mean to wake ye.\" She whispered quickly, as not to disturb the rest of the Kelly Gang. \"I was just...startled.\" He didn't reply as he took his sweet time to fully wake himself, whilst she shifted restlessly, getting more nervous and uncomfortable the longer he didn't speak. \"Don't you know better than to frighten a lass in the morning? What are you doing here anyways, you fell asleep over there.\" she said, pointing frantically at his bedroll several feet away from where they lay. \"What are you doing here?\" \"You ask a lot of questions, lass, did you know that?\" He mumbled, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes. \"What is that supposed to mean?\" Upon realising she'd asked yet another question, she flushed with embarressment. Quickly, in attempts to amend her error, she promptly revived her coolness. \"Don't change the subject.\" He smirked. That same smirk that both infuriated and aroused her. \"I came over here when you were shivering and havin' a bad dream, I figured it's the least I could do.\" he replied. He seemed to be telling the truth, but Kara couldn't help her suspicion. Eyeing him uncertainly, she leaned away from him, unwilling to take his word. \"Don't look at me that way, I didn't try anything, I was being a gentleman.\" He insisted. \"I am sorry for jumpin' to conclusions in such, I've just...\" \"Never been close to a man?\" He finished. \"I could tell. Trust me, I know women, and you're the kind who either is never out of yer parent's sight, which would explain your reaction to me comment about ladies traveling alone, or the type who is merely frightened of the world and does not want to take a risk.\" Shifting uncomfortably, she avoided his gaze, lest he get the satisfaction of knowing that he was right. It unnerved her how he so easily could read her, as if she was a page in a book. \"Do not talk about me as if you know me.\" She muttered in a weak attempt to dishearten him. Despite her intensions of offending him into silence, he merely smirked knowingly. His eyes glinted impishly. \" Or you are the type that is used to talking down to men.\" The sly man that he was, Joseph Bryne had cunningly used her moment of uncertainty and weakness to close the space between him and the young girl. Trapping her between himself and the tree against which she stood, he smiled at her smugly, running his calloused hand over her soft, blush-stained cheek. She shivered, unaccustomed to such forwardness, as her heart had in turn responded with a nervous rhythum in her breast. His breath tickled her forehead as he stared down upon her, but she could not bring herself to meet his eyes. \"I may not be familiar with men, but I have heard of you, what you do. I know what you want.\" she replied, despite her discomfort. \"You are wasting you breath, sir. I am not the kind of girl that would bend to your wishes.\" He smiled again, absentmindedly playing with a strand of my hair. \"And what do I wish, love?\" \"You want what I cannot yet give you.\" She replied coolly. \"What do you mean by 'yet'?\" He asked, leaning in to her so that his lips brushed against her cheek with every subtle movement they made. \"I mean,\" She huffed, gaining the courage to meet his eyes, she aggressively shoved one of his arms off if the tree trunk, earning her freedom. \"That if you want somethin' bad enough, sometimes you have to work for it. You are someone who has never had to work for a woman, you just use your silver tongue and charm her into doin' whatever you wish, well not me, if ya want me like you think ya do, you will have to work for it.\" He smirked cockily, playing with a rogue strand of her hair in attempts to entice her. \"And what are your terms, lass?\" he breathed, his warm breath caressing her skin. She shivered in discomfort, her heart pounding in her chest as she desperately tried to make sense of what might be running through his mind. \"Well there is one thing. If you do this then I'll know...I'll uphold my end of the bargain that is.\" \"Name it.\" he dared, breathing the words into her ear. \"I will not be with someone who is unfaithful to me.\" She declared, tightening her jaw decisively. \"I would only ever consider you , Joseph Bryne, if I knew, without a shadow of a doubt that I was the only lass in your mind and in your heart.Then, and only then, would I even consider lettin' you do what you wish with me.\" It probably wasn't wise to say 'whatever you want', but Kara quickly dismissed her concerns by reminding herself that such at task would be far too difficult for a man such as him to uphold. She'd known men like him her entire life; one minute they are devoted to you and swear up and down that you are the one exception to their ways and then the next, they're off to the next pretty lass that catches their eye. It was an endless cycle that was near impossible to break. Knowing this, Kara decided that the bargain was stacked in her favor, thus she needn't worry about the possiblity of him being victorious. Shoving him out of the way, Kara stalked angrily away from him, chosing to sit as far away from where he stood as possible. Hugging her legs to her body, she sighed in exasperation. Who did this man think he was? Sure, he was handsome and suave, but at the same time completely arrogant and down right disrespectful. Curiously, she peered over her shoulder, stealing a look at him. Some of the other men had awoken and he was sitting with him around a small fire upon which they were preparing coffee. Taking off his hat, he slowly ran his fingers through his thick, curly locks. He must have felt her eyes upon him, because as soon as he placed his hat upon his head, his eyes made contact with hers. He winked at her confidently and she quickly looked away, a scowl plastered upon her face. He was no different, she decided, he was just like all the rest. Kara hated seeing that boastful smile on his face as she begrudgingly clung onto Joe Bryne's waist. She knew how much he was probably enjoying his victory and she bitterly wished that Ned would've let her ride with someone else, anyone else but him. Occasionally, she would catch him trying to touch her, whether it be her hand, grasping him firmly around the middle, or her leg which molded to his own. In response, she would swiftly slap him away, much to the amusement of the other men. Lord , she wondered, why could not arrive to wherever we were going? Every minute seemed to drag on and on and she didn't think she could endure much more of Joe Bryne. When she had thought she couldn't take another second of the journey, the party came to an abrupt halt in front of a small ranch house. Joe swiftly dismounted, unsheathing his pistol, holding it aloft as he walked slowly towards the door. A man stood in the doorway, dressed in naught but long underwear, a pair of boots, and blanket which he wrapped around his shoulders whom Joe had addressed as Aaron Sherritt. \"Don't shoot, lad, I'm not armed.\" He said with a hearty chuckle, opening wide the blanket as proof. \"Well, put that away, there aren't any troops.\" He said to Joe, waving a lazy hand in the direction of his pistol. Smiling, Joe stuffed the gun into his pants, engulfing the man in a hug. It seemed like it had been ages since he'd seen Aaron's face and it felt right good to, for once, not have a care in the world. Much had changed since they had become outlaws, and it felt good to have a taste of the good old days. \"Yer bloody chirpy for this hour od the mornin'.\" He noted, grinning at him suspiciously, knowing very well what Aaron's strange behavior suggested. \"Gotta keep your voice down.\" He warned, glancing back towards his house. Lowering his voice ever so slightly, his lips curved into a sly smirk. \"I've a visitor.\" \"Who?\" \"Mary Hegarty.\" He replied with a mischievous smile. \"Mary Hegarty?!\" Joe exclaimed, nearly losing his balance out of his bewilderment. \"Jesus, she could be only thirteen!\" \"Well I'm not superstitious.\" He replied with an absentminded shrug. \"Besides, look at the lass you got yourself, young one, if I might say.\" He added, nodding his head to Kara who had remind mounted upon Joe's horse. \"How old are ye, dear?\" Aaron called out to her. \"Ye can't be more than sixteen, I'd wager.\" \"I'm seventeen, as of last month.\" She replied, shortly. Her eyes remained downcast as she shifted awkwardly in the saddle. She didn't like the attention she was receiving, and even more so she disliked that she had been associated with Joe Bryne. Aaron, ignoring the girl's disapproving behavior, smirked a Joe. \"Ya see, I'm not the only one ravishin' lasses younger than I.\" Shaking his head, he produced a newspaper from beneath his blanket, flattening it out and regarding it consideringly. \"Well, well, well, well, well. I've never met men whose lives are worth 2,000 pounds before. Especially not Irishmen.\" \"2,000 pounds?\" gasped Steve, he and the other men quickly dismounting and joining both Aaron and Joe in examining the paper. Ned made a point to also assist Kara off of the steed, offering her his arm as they joined the rest of the men. \"Is that what it's up to? Sure my cock alone's worth more than that.\" Offended by his crude language, Kara promptly jabbed him in the gut. \"I was only jokin'.\" He claimed, frowning at her ruefully, but Dan and the others chuckled nonetheless. \"Well I could do with the money meself.\" Said Aaron. \"I'd build a shed out the back, buy a few horses. In fact, I could buy half of Beechworth with all of that.\" \"That's very funny, Aaron.\" Said Steve, sarcastically, his face paling at the thought. \"Clause two.\" Ignoring the two, Ned pointed at the paper, handing it over to Joe to read aloud. It took him a moment to make out the words that Ned had referred to, but eventually he was able to find his place and began relaying the information addressed in clause in question. \"They've recalled parliament, passed somethin' called, 'The Felons Apprehension Act.'\" He said. \"It means were listed as outlaws. We can be...shot on sight by anyone who chooses.\" Looking between the paper and Ned, Joe's face paled, his adam's apple quivering nervously in his throat. Things had just become more real than any of them had anticipated.[Chapter 4] Over the past week or so, Kara had grown accustomed to the life of an outlawer. Every morning, they would wake at the crack of dawn, beginning on their long journey for the day through the Australian frontier, being sure to travel a good distance from any roads or railway lines that may be on their path. Everyday they would ride from dawn until dusk, stop only to water the horses when they had been worked for too long. It was a hard life, but she had no choice but to accept it, her only other option was to set out on her own, with know indication of where she was or where to go, and she was smart enough to know that she would be stupid to do that. She more likely die in the desert on her own that actually find her way home. Although she didn't want to admit it, she was beginnig to grow a fondness towards Joe Bryne. Over the duration of their journey, he had been rather kind to her, almost, dare she say it, gentlemanly . He had, thus far, been true to his word, refraining from the attentions of whores and random women they'd come across when they had the luxary of stopping in a town, but even so, Kara would not surrender to him. Though she put up a tough wall about her, inside she was scared more than anything. She was young and inexperienced in the ways of the world and the thought of being with him frightened her. Despite this, she allowed herself to enjoy his attention, allowing him to assist her when they dismounted, hold open a door for her before she walked through, and even offer her his coat when the nights grew cold. There were many a time when they had stopped in a town or village and a man would try to flirt with her, but Joe would not have that. During these instances, he would stride over to where she stood, snake his arm around her waist and merely glare at the man in question until he took the hint and left her alone. Kara couldn't help but be flattered and slightly amused by his jealousy, but she refused to allow herself to believe that it could be from love. As much as she hated to remember, she reminded herself that Joe wasn't the kind of man that fell in love, and it was in her best interest to refrain from allowing herself to develop those feelings for him as she would only end up broken hearted. \"Dan.\" said Ned as they rode, drawing Kara out of her thoughts. This particular morning, they had rode into a small town with the intention of robbing a bank and delivering the money with the intention of dispersing it amongst their loyal supporters. Kara clung tightly to Joe as they rode down the main street, coming around the back of the bank. \"D'you see that wooden gate? Around the back there is their livin' quarters. If anyone's there, you keep 'em there.\" Something about this place seemed familiar to her, as if she had been there before, but she couldn't properly recall the memory. Stopping at the front of bank, Joe dismounted, tying the horse to one of the posts lined along the street before returning to assist her down. Absentmindedly, she allowed him to grasp her waist, setting her gently upon the ground as she countinued to examine the town, her eyebrows furrowed as she was deep in thought. \"What be the matter, lass?\" It was Joe. Placing his hand upon her supple waist, he looked upon her with concern. Her strange behavior had not gone passed his notice and he had hoped that something had not gone amiss. He had grown to care for the lass and he was genuinely concerned about her well being. \"I don't know.\" She replied truthfully, meeting his eyes. \"I'm sure it's nothin'.\" She lied, hoping he wouldn't sense it. Somehow he was always able to do that, even whenever she was certain that she hadn't given herself away. At the same time, it made sense to her, because she had always been able to do the same with him. She couldn't explain it, but knowing his mind just came easy to her, as if she could feel what he felt. Anxiously, she held her breath. She could tell that he didn't completely believe her words, but he had decided to let the matter drop, much to her relief. \"Well, if there's anything I can do fer ya, just tell me.\" He said, placing his hat upon his head and leading her inside the building. Ned and Joe held their guns aloft as they entered, placing her protectively behind them. When it appeared that nobody else was present they lowered them and Ned casually rang the bell on the counter. Straightening his bowtie whilst they waited to be helped. The banker soon came forward and placed his hands on the counter casually, looking between the three of them in turn. Smiling kindly at them, the banker straightened his specticles. \"Can I help you?\" He asked politely. \"Yes, you can.\" Said Ned. \"Me name's Edward Kelly.\" \"His mates call him Ned.\" Added Joe with a cheery smile. \"Ned Kelly?\" Tried the man, stroking his chin curiously. \"I'm sure I've heard that name somewhere...\" Ned and Joe raised their gun before the man could riddle it out. His eyes widened as the banker back stepped, clearly taken aback by the sudden turn of events. \"I'm sure you have, sir.\" The banker had been very quick and efficient about retrieving the money which Ned had demanded and soon they had continued into the living quarters where Dan and Steve had been awaiting them. \"Steve.\" Ned greeted with a nod, throwing a bag of money to him. Sitting down upon one of the embriodered sofas, Ned grinned, waving to the banker's children who coward behind their mother who stared back at him with a sour expression. \"Hello, kiddies!\" \"You're Ned Kelly?\" Spat the banker's wife, observing him with blantant distaste. \"That's right.\" Ned replied, utterly proud of himself, puffing out his chest and attemting to make himself appear taller. \"What are you going to do with us?\" She asked, sharply, looking about them nervously, relaxing only slightly when her husband came to her side. \"Same as her.\" Ned replied, gesturing to Kara who kept her distance, stadning between Joe and Dan. \"Except you'll only be our guest until we reach Faithfull's Creek. We can't leave anyone to raise alarm now, can we?\" He reasoned. \"Mr. Kelly, we are supposed to be attending a funeral today.\" She explained, gesturing to their mourning attire. \"As you can see I'm dressed in mourning wear. Obviously unsuitable for a woman traveling in the countryside.\" Her gaze shifted to Kara, glacing at her disapprovingly, seeming to be utterly disgusted by her for reasons that Kara couldn't understand. \"Hostage or nor, even a blackguard like yourself—\" \"Susan!\" Interrupted her husband, grabbing her wrist. \"I do apologize for my wife's behavior.\" \"There is no need apologize on my account, Charles.\" She snapped, eyeing her husband wildly. \"The man is wearing a magenta cravat for God's sake.\" \"And I thought my Ma could go on for hours about fashion.\" Kara whispered into Joe's ear, crossing her arms, grinning in amusement at the episode that took place before her. \"That woman has just proved me wrong.\" He smirked, surpressing a chuckle as the woman continued. \"I have an outfit just arrived from Melbourne.\" She said. \"L'eau du nil silk.\" Ned looked to us for help, completely oblivious to the woman's reasoning. \"Well you'd better go and put it on then.\" He consented, seeing no point in arguing with her. \"Kara, if you will, make sure she doesn't signal from the window with her bloomers or something.\" Nodding, she obediantly set after the woman, starting up the staircase that lead out of the room. The house was very fancy, hand weaved carpets from France, fancy china and foreign treasures from distant lands that Kara had only heard about in books. It did not take her long to find the bedroom, Susan (as provided from her husband) was humming a a cheery tune to herself, and Kara needed only to follow the loud, off-pitched melody to find it. She must have startled her when she entered the room, because the woman gasped and wheeled around quickly to regard me. \"How dare you sneak up behind me!\" She demanded. \"I-I apologize, ma'am.\" Kara stuttered, bowing her head apologetically. \"Ned sent me to keep an eye on ye, that is all.\" The woman sighed as she disappeared behind the dressing shade. \"I suppose I shouldn't speak to you in that way.\" Peeking over the shade, the woman examined her yet again, inspecting her from head to toe, her lips pursing in a thin, straight line. \"You are quite young...what are you doing amongst a band of outlawers?\" She asked, returning to her task of changing her gown. \"Other than being their whore, that is. It is a pity that such a young, little thing such as yourself should stoop to such unpleasant levels.\" \"That isn't true!\" Kara exclaimed, clenching her fists in fury. \"Ned and the others rescued me from a band of robbers, and I have been their guest . They have been gentlemen to me and treated me as well as can be, under the circumstances. How dare you insult my honor and shame on your for insulting their integrity. Not one of them has touched me nor have I ever been touched by any man!\" She retorted, fervently. \"Well!\" Said the lady, clearly offended by her outburst. \"Who is your mother, young lady? Never have I met someone so outspoken and imprudent . However, there is something about you that is oddly familiar. You remind me of someone I used to be aquainted with from a few towns over.\" \"Maureen Wallace.\" Kara answered through gritted teeth. \"Widow of Jonathan Wallace.\" \"Ah,\" said Susan, nodding knowingly. \"Yes, I knew your parents. I knew your older siblings, Jonathan Jr. and Fiona, but, you, Kara, I only ever met you as a child. Who would have known that the only living daughter of Maureen Wallace would end up so...common and plain.\"[Chapter 5] \"Who would have known that the only living daughter of Maureen Wallace would end up so...common and plain.\" Joseph Bryne stood silently outside the bedroom door, listening intently to the scene that took place on the other side of the wall. His blood boiled upon hearing those words. Never in his right mind would he considered Kara Wallace to be plain. She was the most beautiful lass I had ever laid eyes on, and practically ever other man who we saw on our travels would agree. Many a time he had to rescue her from love struck lad, making it clear to him that she was his. It was hard to resist tangling his fingers in her long, wavy, light brown hair and kiss her long and lovingly upon her pink, shapely lips. Her light blue eyes always mesmerized him, if he wasn't careful, he was certain he would physically get lost within their blue depths and waste away gazing at them. Restraining himself from doing something he knew he would regret, Joe clenched his fists and his jaw, forcing himself to stay silent and still as he continued to eavesdrop upon the conversation. \"I meant not to offend you, ma'am, but considering that's all you've done to me, if I was you, I wouldn't accuse someone of doin' somethin' you are doin' yourself.\" Kara challenged, her voice shaking with anger and rage. \"Well.\" Said the woman. \"At least we can agree on that. Oh and girl, would you be so kind as to come and lace me up?\" \"Aye, ma'am.\" Kara's voice replied, her small footsteps echoing upon the hard-wood floors, her long skirts sweeping the floor with a subtle swish as she crossed the room. \"And I do apologize for my temper. I can lose it quite easily, as my Ma would say.\" \"Well, I'm sure you get that from your Pa, Scottish blood runs deep in his line.\" The woman commented, gasping slightly as Kara yanked at the strings upon her bodice. \"Your Ma is a Widow, you say? When did your Pa die? I hadn't heard of it.\" Joe could sense that the woman's question made Kara uncomfortable, and he could not have been more right. \"I have finished your laces, ma'am, if you don't mind, I'll be on my way now.\" She said, stoutly, the sound of her shoes and skirts once again moving across the room. Joe had been so distracted by the conversation that he nearly jumped out of his skin as Kara abruptly rushed out of the room. Acting upon instinct, he grabbed her around the middle and pressed her against the wall, prompting a small gasp to emit from her lips. There was a moment where they merely stared at each other, breathing deeply, at times their chests brushing against each other as they recovered from their shock. \"What are you doing here?\" She gasped, eyeing him widly. Absentmindedly, he brushed a rogue curl that refused to pull back into her braid from her forehead, resting his rough, calloused hand upon her cheek. \"Ned told me to check on you, see if ya had any trouble.\" He explained, his voice barely louder than a whisper. He knew very well what sort of temptation he was inflicting upon her. Every time he touched her, her breath would quicken and one of her hands moved to his arm. Placing his cheek against hers, the same wave of pleasure passed through him when he touched her, skin upon skin. Beneath him, he felt her shiver, her eyelashes tickling his cheek as her eyes fluttered closed, her breath quickening. He knew it was a risk, but he couldn't help himself. Kissing her was almost irresistible, yet he chose not to invade her lips, but, instead, taunted her by kissing her gently upon the neck, trailing kisses from her chin to her collarbone. \"No.\" She breathed heavily when he had reached the tip of her chin, dangerously nearing her lips. \"Don't.\" She begged, pushing me away half-heartedly. Her eyes were sad as she looked at him, almost regretful of her actions. \"I know this town, Joe.\" She said, looking at her feet. \"My home is not far from here. I'm goin' home.\" He wanted desperately to beg her to stay, but he knew, in his heart, there was no hope. He watched her sorrowfully, noticing the tears spilling down her cheeks as she tried to hide them from him, quickly wiping them away. She seemed frustrated...conflicted possibly, as if she wasn't certain if the decision she made was the one that she wanted to make. She couldn't seemed to look at him any longer. Shaking her head, she slipped past him, hurrying quickly down the stairs to the main room where the others were. For a moment, Joe stayed glued to the spot, making sense of what she'd just said. Quickly coming to his senses, he scrambled down the stairs after her, his heart pounding in his ears, hoping that he could stop her before she could leave. He had expected to see her giving the others a teary good-bye, or possibly find that she had already left, anything but what came to see. He had clambered down the stairs just in time to see Ned engulf Kara into a long, drawn out hug. Pulling away, Ned craddled her head in his hands as he kissed her upon the cheek, which she returned with as much fervency as he. Their hands lingered for a moment, entwined with one another before she swiftly disappeared from sight, a teary smile upon her face. Furiously, Joe turned on his heel and started back up the stairs. Maybe, if that woman was still there, he could forget his anger with her. It had been a long time, too long of a time since he'd enjoyed the warmth of a woman. He spat at the ground, and for what? A woman that loved another? And his best friend, at that. He sighed, sinking to the floor for a moment. Kara was gone. To his favor, the woman was, indeed, where he had left her. When he entered the room, sulking silently, she smiled at him with a knowing sympathy. \"She left, didn't she?\" She asked, though she already knew the answer to the question. \"I'm a fool.\" He muttered, hiding his face within his hands. \"For all I know, she was playing me at me own game. Heck, she was probably playing innocent with me by day and then runnin' off with Ned in the night. Damn me if I wasn't blinded by the evil they call love.\" The woman shook her head, sitting beside him, placing a consoling hand upon his back. \"No, lad.\" She said, softly. \"Kara and I may not see eye to eye, but she is still a girl. We women have a strange way with coping with things that we don't or don't want to understand. I, being a woman myself, can see that she didn't mean to hurt you. She is running from something that she frighted of.\" The woman smiled, knowingly. \"She would not have left if she wasn't in love with you.\" Joe don't know why, but he believed it, every word that the woman said. In his heart, he knew that they were true. Never, in all his life had he felt this way before; empty and sick within. Had it been any other woman that left him, he would have easily brushed it off and moved on to the next girl that caught his eye, but now, he couldn't seem to imagine being with anyone other than her. He did love Kara Wallace and he finally allowed himself to accept that. But what good did it do him now? Kara was gone and he might never lay eyes on her again.[Chapter 6] His face set with a crude harshness, Joseph Bryne wiped the sweat from his neck before roughly straightening his hat. He hated long traveling days in the outback, and since hostilities between themselves and the authorities had only escalated in the past few years, these days become more and more common. He didn't hate it necessarily because of the heat, nor because of the saddle sores he would eventually come to suffer from at the end of the day, it was his thoughts. Any time that he was left to the mercy of his own mind, his thoughts would inevitably return to the subject that he had so desparately tried to forget: Kara. It had been nearly two years since she had left the Kelly Gang, and yet there was something about her that he couldn't resist, something that was impossible to forget. Many a time, Joe Bryne would find himself mistaking some random girl for her in a large crowd, his heart leaping with joy and hope for a split before sinking with the ache of realization that it wasn't her. Sometimes he wondered where life had taken her: where was she, what was she doing, who was she with? For all he knew, she could be engaged or even married by now. After all, she was a handsome lass, and surely she had come to forget about him by now...he couldn't deny the simple fact that a lass like her didn't derserve a man like him. He wasn't worth the dirt on her boot, but nevertheless, somehow, no mattered how much he struggled against it, she was an ever-present thought massing about his mind. Currently, they were approaching a small town at the edge of civilization, the little stores and homes and a small train station just visible on the horizon. They had spent days riding, trying to remain one step ahead of Superintendent Francis Hare, who had now been given them as his charge. Recently, he'd tried the guilt tactic on them, hoping that somebody would surrender their whereabouts if he arrested others in the Kelly Gang's place, but the strategy didn't have the affect that he had originally anticipated. Having become a sort of \"Robin Hood\" figure to the common people, despite the arrests, the populace continued to support the Kelly Gang and in return, hating the authorities all the more. The Kelly Gang, it would seem, was becoming a legend, as it would seem. Peering out at the town for a moment, Joe once again sighed, his mind returning to the blue-eyed, light brown haired beauty who held claim to both his mind and heart, though he might not admit the second. Often, he'd considered seeking his pleasure elsewhere, with other women, but nothing seemed to satisfy. He found himself at a loss for the desire for anyone other than her...something that he had previously thought impossible. It didn't matter who he was with, or where he was, somehow, someway, she was always there. Trying her best not to figet, Kara carefully turned to inspect herself in the mirror. Her long, soft brown hair had been softly stacked upon her head, in an elegant, yet durable updo beneath her traditional Tammy Hat which matched her father's tartan which she wore across her chest like a sash. She was dressed in a simple, brown traveling dress: A simple, plain skirt, with a triangle waist shirt, and another covering that went over this layer, consisting of a jacket the buttoned up nearly to her chin, the lace from the sleeves and and collar of the shirt beneath it just barely poking out from beneath it. Examining herself in the glass, she considered how much she had changed in the past two years. Her face was longer, having lost the roundness of childhood, her features more pronounced, yet delicate, her skin, once bearing a little patch of freckles that scattered across her nose and the tops of her cheeks had now faded with adulthood. Though she still looked herself, there was hardly a trace of the child she once was in the woman that started back at her through the glass. Indeed, she had done much growing over the years, but not all physical. Since she had returned home, once recovering from her initial shock, her mother had at once resumed discussing Kara's future with her, something that had been discussed from the time that she had learned to read and write. Being the daughter of a rather wealthy merchant, her mother had always planned to see that she received a quality education, despite her gender. As a child, she was tutored in the typical subjects of Reading, Writing, History, and Arithmatic, as well as the modern languages: French, Spanish, Latin, Greek, and, on occasion, Gaelic, but now that she was older, it was decided that Kara was to study at the University of Edinburgh in Scotland for her secondary education. It had been nearly two years since Kara had first traveled to Europe to study and now, she was once again preparing to return, to be under the tutelage of a well-renowned professor in London whom her mother was well aquanited with, in hopes of possibly finding a job and establishing a future for herself there (her mother secretly hoping that she also find a husband). Grimacing, Kara made to straighten her collar when her mother approached from behind her and swatted her hands away from the fabric. \"Leave it be!\" She ordered, buttoning it back up. \"It is better to choke than to be vulgar.\" Stepping aside, she once again inspected Kara, looking for any discrepancies in her appearance. When she had determined that there were, her aging blue eyes met her daughters and she smiled, proudly. \"My, what a fine young lady you've become.\" She declared. \"Surely I haven't changed too much since Christmas Holiday.\" Kara joked, smiling a bit at her own joke. Shaking her head her mother sighed. \"You know what I mean.\" She said. \"You have grown in to a beautiful, well-learned, well-mannered, modern woman who's seen more of the world than I could have ever dreamed.\" She explained. \"When your father and I first came here, we had nothing...less than nothing, we were up to our necks in debt. Nevertheless, we wanted the best for your brother, the best for you, that someday you would get the opportunities that we never had...\" \"And I thank you for that, Ma.\" She assured her, a sentimetal grin forming on her lips. \"I could never repay you for the opportunities you've given me nor everything I've obtained from it. I only hope that I can make you proud.\" Her mother nodded quickly, blinking her eyelids quickly, as if trying not to cry. \"Oh, Ma, you're acting like I'm leaving the first time all over again!\" She said, hurrying over to her mother and wrapping her arms around her in a tight hug. \"I know, I know!\" She exclaimed, frantically dabbing at her eyes with her hankerchief, \"But it never gets any easier.\" She paused for a moment as Kara released her, looking into her eyes lovingly for a moment before returning her mind to reality. \"Right, Professor and Mrs. Bardsley are going to meet us at the station, and he will escort you back to London where you will stay with their family and manner yourself as would make me proud, understood?\" Kara nodded. \"You will obey the Professor and his wife as if they were your own Pa and Ma, understood?\" Once again, Kara nodded. \"Very well, I think that is all.\" Moving to the other side of the room, the retrieved a small carpet bag and handed it to Kara with a sad smile. \"Here are your things. Are you sure that you have all that you need? The Professor did say that he would provide you with any educational supplies you might need, didn't he?\" \" Yes, Ma .\" Kara said impassionately, smiling knowingly as she accepted her bag. \"You act as if we haven't gone through this same scenerio three times already.\" I touched my locket that Pa had given me before he died. I kept it close to me now more than ever knowing that I may never see my family again. \"Now,\" said Ma, \"You are ready.\" Kara paused for a moment, looking across the busy road, her eyes falling upon her mother. From a distance, she appeared as a small figure in the doorway of the little merchantile that they called home. She appeared so little and frail, and she insistantly felt guilty for leaving her again, knowing that it would be another six months before she'd see her again. Waving to her from across the way, she watched as her mother blew her a kiss mere seconds before she disappeared behind a movig carriage. Sighing, Kara straightened her jacket and brushed off her skirt, and clenching the handle of her bag a bit tighter, she began her familiar trek to the train station. Every now and then, a person would greet her as she walked by, which she would politely return, but for the most part, she remained silent, prefering to keep herself to her thoughts. She didn't so much as flinch as the sound of a group of horses met her ear from a distance. For the first few months since she'd first returned home after being with the Kelly Gang, she used to watch from the window during lessons, carefully examining every horseman, secretly hoping that one might possibly be Joseph Bryne and the Kelly Gang, but she soon dismissed this notion, convincing herself that they had most likely forgotten all about her by now...especially Joe. She didn't even want to think about the countless amount of girls he had undoubtedly enjoyed. She slowed her pace a bit when the crowd which had previously been occupied with their own business began to mass about some unknown attraction behind her, allowing herself to believe, for a moment, that it could possibly be him. For a momet, she considered turning around to see whether or not her suspicions were correct, but her rational mind quickly activated and she refrained from her curiosity. Keeping her head down, she continued down the road, trying her best to mind her own business, quite unsure, however, as to why her heart could seem to cease to race. Clutching her carpet bag tightly with both hands, she walked slowly through the crowd, each step seeming to grow more and more difficult to take when suddenly a boy shouted something that she never thought she'd hear again; something that made her stop dead in her tracks. \"Hey! Look! It's Ned Kelly!\" Uncertain of what to do or say, her hands became weak and her bag fell to the ground with a heavy THUNK, small puffs of dust drifting up into the air around it. Frozen in the spot, her heart began to race to abnormal speeds, her breath quickening as the horse hooves grew closer, stopping right next to her, his shadow casting a dark silhouette over her and her belongings. \"Are ye alright, lass?\" Kara hesitated before peering up at him, unsure about whether he would even recogize her. \"I-I'm fine.\" She managed to say, shielding her eyes from the harsh Australian sun. \"I was just on my way to the train station...I was startled is all...\" \"K-Kara?\" Ned Kelly stuttered as he peered down at the young woman, his eyes blinking rapidly, uncertain whether he could trust his own senses. \"My God, Kara Wallace...is that you?\" Upon mention of her name, another set of hooves rapidly approached them as she nodded, avoiding the gaze of the second rider. \"You're leaving Australia?\" Ned continued to question, his voice still beholding that of disbelief and utter shock. \"Whatever for?\" Kara could feel Joe's eyes on her as she slowly nodded in confirmation. \"I'm to study with a professor in London.\" She continued. \"I studied in Scotland at the University of Edinburgh over the passed to years and during that time, I had the pleasure of meeting Mr. Bardelsy...he said I had much potential and he offered to tutor me, personally so that I may make a profession for myself.\" \"I see that you've got yer life in order.\" This time it was Joe that spoke, and not Ned. \"So I have.\" She replied, glacing briefly at him. \"I trust you have had a grand time enjoying yourself these passed years as welll?\" She posed, raising her eyebrows at him suggestively. \"I have to say, I'm rather astonished that you remember me. You've made quite a name of yourself, you lot.\" \"Of course I remembered ye.\" He said, causing her heart to begin racing again. \"I could ne'er forget...\" Feeling her cheeks grow warm with blush, Kara quickly averted her gaze. \"I am flattered, sir.\" She near whispered. \"It pleases me to know that you are alive, and well...both of you.\" She quickly added, remembering that Ned was still present. \"I'd be lying to say that I didn't worry about you...\" \"Ne'er in me wildest dreams...\" Joe breathed, shaking his head in disbelief, but he stopped himself as Steve and Dan joined them, stopping between Joe and Ned, curious as to what the commotion was about. \"Kara!\" Dan exclaimed, beaming down at her happily. \"Who woulda thought...\" \"Hello, Dan, Steve.\" She said, nodding her head to each of them politely. \"It does me good to see you.\" \"Are ye goin' somewhere?\" Said Dan, suddenly, nodding his head toward her carpet bag. \"Right,\" She said, adjusting her bag, completely forgetting that she had it in her possesion. \"I should really be going...\" She said, \"The professor would be waiting for me...\" She explained, almost reluctantly. Though she couldn't explain it, there was something that felt wrong about leaving, something in the back of her mind urging her not to leave. Maybe it was her poor heart, broken long ago when she last laid eyes on Joseph Bryne, clinging to the hope that his unexpected arrival might have been fate, but she quickly reminded herself that she wasn't doing herself any favors by dwelling on this thought. \"I-I should be going.\" She curtsied quickly before turning on her heel and continuing down the road. \"Good day.\" She was walking at a much brisker pace now, silently reprimanding herself that she very well might have wasted her one and only reunion with the man that she couldn't help but love. Cursing herself under her breath, she was about to set foot onto the plaform when she was suddenly grabbed by her arm. Clinching her fist, she struggled to get free from the unannouced presence when she realized it was none other than Joseph Bryne, himself. Looking on with a pleading gaze, he released his grip. \"Don' leave.\" He pleaded. \"You know as well as I that ye belong here.\" \"What is there for me here?\" She asked, pursing her lips indignantly. \"You're asking me to turn down a life of opportunity for what?\" She shook her head. \"There was a time that I might have listened to you, but now...Joe, I've seen the world, I know what there is out there for me. Times are changing, I have more to look forward to than merely getting married and having babies, surely you can understand that.\" \"I'm glad, Kara, I really am,\" he said, taking her hand he desperately searched her eyes, hoping that somewhere, deep down, she, too, was longing for what he desparately wanted. \"But ya can' tell me that ya don' think that this happened out of the blue. Somethin' was drawin' us back together. You know it, an' I know it, there's no need denyin' it.\" \"Joe, I-\" Before she could say another word, Joe had grabbed her by the waist, forcibly pressing his lips to hers. Admittingly, Kara didn't want the moment to end. He kissed her which so much passion and sincerity that she almost believed that he loved her, but she quickly reminded herself of the dangers of believing such a thing. Joe Bryne wasn't the type of man to fall in love, and she was only harming herself by loving him. She knew what was best for her, she knew that she must let him go. \"Joe.\" Gently, she pushed him away, biting her lip uncertainly. \"Once there was a girl that loved you against her better judgement, a girl that wanted to hate you, but couldn't find it in her heart...but that girl remains in the past. I'm no longer a girl anymore...I've grown up, and I've learned to see what is...best for me.\" \"I may not have much to offer you, but you have to believe me when I say that I do...I do l-love you.\" He surprised himself as he said this, pausing a momet to determine whether he actually just admitted it aloud. It felt utterly strange, but also equally good. Admitting what resided inside for so long filled him with a pleasant sort of warmness that he never wanted to cease. \"As much as I want to believe you, I don't know how I can.\" She said, in spite of herself. \"I shall always care for you, Jospeh Bryne, and maybe you will care about me, but I rather certain that you'll get along just fine without me. I bet that within the next few weeks I'll be nothing but a memory to you.\" \"Kara, you've got to believe me-\" Joe began, but Kara merely shook her head. Reaching forward, she took him by the shoulder, pulling him close as she kissed him gently upon the cheek. \"Good bye, Joe.\" She said. Pausing for a moment, she considered him, nearly deciding to take back everything she had said and give in to her heart, but eventually found the strength to turn her back to him and ascend the platform.[Chapter 7] Joseph Byrne could scarcely believe his eyes. Never in his wildest dreams (okay, perhaps that was a lie) did he believe that he would ever lay his eyes upon Kara Wallace again, not as long as he lived. Yet, there she was, an older, more mature, and, if possible, more beautiful version of the young seventeen year old girl who he had grown to love against all odds. Before that moment, he had been foolish enough to believe that he had lost any affection for her that had once existed, but looking upon her now, his stomach swarmed with anticipation, his heart pounded expectantly inside his chest, and his throat seemed to dry, his words getting lost within it. For so long he had thought about her, clinging to the mere memory of her, and now there she was, in the flesh, leaving him and everything that had once been behind her as she ascended the platform of the train station. Dumbfounded, Joe stayed rooted to the spot, still trying to process what had just happened. Had she truly been real or was she just an apparition that taunted him yet again in his deepest moments of despair and longing? The woman that he just moments before stood before him certainly did seem to be real, and she certainly resembled Kara...a much more mature and womanly version of the girl he had once known, but her, nonetheless. Yes, it had truly been her, he had decided, and now she was leaving him again, just as she had years before. He could not, would not allow her to leave him again. Swallowing his pride, he scrambled up onto the train platform, shoving through masses of people in pursuit of her. The world seemed to slow and grow silent around him, all that mattered was her, all he wanted in the whole world was to have her back with him, where he knew, deep in his heart, that she belonged, and he wasn't going to let any earthy power get in his way. Even if he had to follow her all the way to Europe, he would not let her leave him again. His heart pounded wildly in his chest as the warning whistle pierced the heavy air. He'd never be able to get to her in time...not like this. Jumping into the closest door he could find, Joseph Byrne boarded the already moving train. He hadn't taken more than three steps before he was face to face with a train conductor. \"Sir, do may I see your ticket, please?\" He asked politely, though from the look in his eyes, Joe could tell he knew better than to think he was a paying passenger. Pulling his pistol from his trousers, he shoved the man half-heartedly against the wall. \"I'd like to bypass the pretense. You know who I am and wha' I've done. Now, I don' want ta hurt ya, but the woman I love is on this damn train an' leavin' for England, but I don' intend on lettin' that happen. We can either do this the easy way or the hard way, but both options end with me rescuing the lady, understand?\" The man nodded quickly, eyeing the end of his revolver uneasily. \"W-welcome a-aboard Mr. Byrne. M-may I be of any assistance t-to you t-this a-afternoon?\" Joe smiled, pleased with his answer and lowered his gun. \"Good man.\" He said with a grin. \"Since you asked, first, if you would be so kind as to direct me to where a Miss. Wallace and Professor Bardsley are seated, I would be much obliged, second, you'd be a God's send if you could do something to stop this damnable train.\" \"We've been long awaiting your arrival, Kara.\" Said Mrs. Bardsley, her soft voice an upper octave above the dull chug of the train. She looked at her with kind blue eyes, her age lines becoming more apparent in her pale skin as her thin lips curved into a dainty smile. Though her bonnet covered most of her hair, small blonde curls framed her face, thin strips of gray nestled amongst them betraying her age. \"It feels like it's been ages since we've had young folk in our home, right dear?\" She asked, though not truly expecting an answer from her husband whose nose was deep within a book about philosophy. Nevertheless, she nudged him with her elbow, earning a rather surprised grunt. Adjusting his gold specticals atop his thin nose, the professor wiggled his lip, his salt and pepper colored mustache moving in response, as an effort to regain his composure. \"Oh, erm, yes. Mildred and I are pleased to have you, Miss. Wallace, a true pleasure.\" He declared, his eyes darting to his wife for approval before returning to his book. \"The house was so lively when my boys were young, but now Howard has his own family, Peter is a thriving business man and Albert is away at university. Though, I will admit, it will be lovely to have another woman in the house, I always wanted a daughter, you see.\" Kara smiled politely, nodding her head in agreement. \"I look forward to returning to London and seeing your sons again. It was certainly a pleasure to make their acquaintance.\" \"Oh yes, they've been happy to hear of your arrival as well.\" Mrs. Bardsley agreed, a sly smile forming upon her lips and mischievous glint in her eye. \"Albert especially. Ever since Mr. Bardsley introduced you two at Mrs. Burbidge's fall social he simply cannot talk of much else! He seems to be quite smitten with you Miss. Wallace, quite smitten indeed, if I may be so bold to say.\" Kara nodded absentmindedly, but truthfully, her mind was far from Mrs. Bardsley's endless ramblings. It was not Albert Bardsley who occupied her thoughts, but dark brown eyes and thick dark curls. Without realizing it, she brushed her fingers over her lips, the sensitive skin still pink and tingling from the kiss he had left there. She couldn't help but wonder what he had done after...did he just leave? Was he too hurt and stunned to come after her? Surely it was stupid to think he would. Why would she want him to chase after her? She had said her farewells and it was stupid to think he wouldn't take those seriously, men rarely understood the message behind women's words. Only in romance novels would a man, especially the likes of Joseph Byrne, truly fight for the woman they claim to love. Did she want him to chase after her? Yes, she dare admit that she did. Whether she liked it or not, she did love Joe Byrne and as she scanned the Australian landscape which stretched wide before her window, her heart was burdened with a heaviness knowing that she was leaving him behind. Biting her lip, she struggled to withhold her tears. It would not do for the professor and his wife to see her cry. But in the back of her mind, she could almost hear him saying her name...so vividly, as if he were actually there... She was abruptly drawn from her thoughts as the door to their compartment slid violently open simultaneously with the train screetching to a sudden halt. Jumping at the unannounced disturbances, Kara's eyes instinctively darted towards the door. Sucking in a large portion of air in a sudden gasp, her heart began racing like mad as none other than Joseph Byrne stood before her in the threshold. She was too shocked to move, unsure if he was real or if she was still day-dreaming. \"What is the meaning of all of this?\" Professor Bardsley demanded, confirming that this was, indeed, reality. Throwing his book violently upon the seat, he confronted Joe directly. \"Who are you?\" Joe, however, seemed unconcerned with the older gentlemen and looked only at her. He opened his mouth briefly, as if to speak, but there were no words. When, again, he tried, there was only one. \"Kara.\" Her name. The professor looked dumbfounded between them, unsure of what, exactly, to say or do. \"Miss. Wallace, do you know this man?\" Coming to her feet, she slowly advanced towards him, her hands shaking as she reached out to touch him. \"You came.\" She said, simply, tracing her fingers over his cheek to his jawline. \"You're here, you followed me, you chased after me...why?\" \"I told ye before.\" He said, resisting the temptation to crush her within his arms. \"I lost ya once, I won' do it again. I love you, Kara Wallace, will all me heart, soul, an' bein'. I can' change who I am or wha I've done, but neither will I live without you. By God, I will not leave this train without ye.\" Tears brimmed in her eyes against her wishes. \"You are a hard man to say no to, Joseph Byrne.\" She consented. She moved to go to him, but hesitated, remembering the professor and his wife who merely stood there wordlessly, observing the spectical. \"I-\" She began, unsure of what to say. Returning her gaze to Joe, she bit her lip. \"It is a hard decision to make, choosing between your heart and your mind...\" \"Damn you, woman.\" He cursed, wrapping his arms around her waist and locking her lips into another passionate kiss. He groaned hungrily as she moved with him, her thin fingers tangling within his hair, sighing pleasantly as his strong arms tightened around her. Breaking only for air, he brushed a stray strand of hair from her face as he stared lovingly down upon her. \"I love you and nothin' is going to change tha'. If you don' love me, tell me righ' here and righ' now and I will let you live the life that you choose ta, but if ya do love me, then come with me. Leave with me and somewhere on this wretched earth we'll find somewhere to call our own.\" Kara shook her head, her hands clinging desparately to his sleeves. \"You know as well as I that I could never say that.\" She said. \"I love you, Joseph Byrne, I have since the day I first laid eyes on you and somehow, I know, that I always will.\" \"Is this true, Miss. Wallace?\" asked Professor Bardsley. \"This is truly the path you wish to follow?\" Nodding, Kara gave Joe a squeeze. \"Aye.\" She declared. \"Here is where my family is, my mother, my brother, Jonathan, everything that I know...it is here where I belong, here, with him.\" \"Then who am I to stop you?\" He said, albeit sorrowfully. \"If I've learned anything throughout my life, it is that you rarely come across great loves. For some, it is a field of study, a talent, a place, a person. Your mother may curse me for this, but I know a great love when I see one. I bid you, go and pursue it.\" Tears falling lightly upon her cheeks, Kara broke briefly from Joe to embrace the professor. \"Thank you, Professor Bardsley.\" She said, lying her head softly upon his shoulder as he returned her embrace. \"I shan't forget your wisdom and kindness.\" Sparing the older couple on last glance, she accepted Joe's outstretched hand and allowed him to escort her off of the train. Life on the road, as she had expected, was hard, to say the least. Food, water and shealter were difficult to come by, and the longer time drug on, the more anxious the police were to capture them. Bounties rose and so did their desparation. Eventually, when supplies were all but gone, they had to resort to eating their own horses, leaving enough alive to transfer two riders per animal. It was then that their need had become critical enough that they risked traveling back to the small settlement where Ned and the others had once lived, seeking the help and hospitality of one, Mrs. Julia Cook. Kara found her to be quite an agreeable woman, quick to feed, clothe, and board them during the duration of their stay. She was even kind enough to allow her use of her own, personal bath house to wash the filth of long periods of travel from her skin, as Dan, Steve, and Ned had already claimed the outdoor pump and Joe the guest bath, \"As best to preserve your modesty and my graciousness as a host\" she had declared. Waiting until the servant had laid her towl upon the stool and closed the door firmly behind them, Kara hesitantly began to undress. Laying her ruined clothes neatly in the corner of the room, she laid out the fresh garments which Julia had given her across the chair parallel from the tub before she slowly sank into the warm water, a sigh escaping from her parted lips as she slumped within its depths. Eagerly scrubbing the dirt from her flesh, Kara felt the weight of hard travel lift from her body. By the time she had finished bathing, her hair smelled of sweet lavender and her body raw with cleanliness. Tiptoeing over to her clothes, she pulled the soft shift over her head, tugging it down over her damp form until it covered her properly. Next, she reached for the corset which she pressed to her breasts, trying to hold it in place with her arms wilst she laced up the back, but to no avail. Her back turned to the door, she was pleased to hear the door creak open as she struggled with the laces. Assuming it was the servant which had assisted her before, she sighed gratefully. \"Will you please help me with my garment?\" She asked politely. \"I cannot seem to do so myself.\" Holding the corset firmly against her chest as the footsteps neared her, her laces beginning to tighten with rough, uneven tugs which made her gasp once or twice in surprise. \"Not too tight, please, for fear that I will not be able to breathe!\" She pleaded, holding her hand to her waist, her head already feeling light from the tight restriction. Although it took quite awhile for the corset to be adjusted properly, Kara was glad when it was finished and kindly thanked her helper, expecting them to leave, but moments afterward she could still feel their warm breath upon her skin, dotting goosebumps across the raw flesh.[Chapter 8] \"Will you not look at me, love?\" His voice was low and husky, so full of want and desire that it made her shiver whether from fear, anticipation, or both, she could not be sure. Swallowing hard, she retrieved a blanket off of the chair which had been left there for her to use to dry herself and wrapped it tightly ground her body before turning to acknowledge him. His eyes were dark and desparate as he looked down upon her, taking in her humble appearance. Her hair was still damp and lay limply upon her shoulders, her skin pink from intense scrubbing, but her cheeks blossomed red with a modest blush. She seemed to struggle to meet his eyes, embarrassed at the predicament, but she still appeared to him to be the most beautiful thing he'd ever had the pleasure to behold. \"Are you really so desparate as to fetch me in the bath?\" She teased, glancing briefly up at him. \"You best be leaving soon or my good name shall soon be ruined, less it hasn't already been damaged.\" \"I'm sorry to say that I am certain I've already tainted your good name, Miss. Wallace.\" He said, running his fingers along the boarders of her coverings. \"It would seem that society does not deem a young lady running off with an outlaw to be very appropriate. Strange, these standards.\" Kara grinned, her eyes meeting his, gaining confidence from his loving gaze. \"Whatever shall I do?\" She asked in mock distress. \"Now that my reputation has been ruined, I suppose there is nothing stopping me from making at least some of them true.\" She leaned in close enough that his breath tickled her skin, his hands beginning to wander underneath her blanket. \"Whatever would my mother say?\" Joe bit his lip anxiously, her voice sending shivers down his spine. \"If only you knew what you do to me...\" Bending down, he captured her lips with his own, moving hungrily and insistantly. He was pleased to find that she made no objection as he lead her backwards, trapping her between himself and the wall when he found it. Before either of them had realizing it, the blanket she had been wearing had pooled at her feet and Joe's fingers had already began to work at her corset laces, loosing them one at a time so that she might be relieved of it. So many emotions run through him at one time that he quickly became overwhelmed, not knowing exactly what to make of it. Before he could stop himself, he withdrew his advancement, and, breathing heavily, merely stared at her in awe. \"W-what is it?\" She asked, frightened that she had done something wrong. \"Have I done something? I don't- What are you looking at?\" \"No, no. Everything is fine.\" He assured her. \"I just...are you sure? That you're ready for this, that is. I don't want to hurt you or...or to rush you into something that you aren't ready for. I want you to want this as much as I do.\" Taking his hand, Kara pulled him down on the ground next to her so that they both sat side by side. She paused for a moment, reaching for her blanket, but this time, instead of covering herself with it, she carefully spread it out upon the ground and beckoned for him to join her. Reluctantly, he obeyed her orders, perching himself uncertainly at the edge, folding his hands in his lap and awaiting for a cue from her which would assure him that his advances were welcome, something he never would've done in the past. For a moment, she sat and blinked at him, surprised at his reluctance and almost worried that it meant that he did not want her as she had hoped, but she soon realized that he did this out of respect for her and an amused smile spread across her face. \"It's okay, Joe. I choose this, and I want this. I want you.\" As if to prove her point, she crawled over to him, sitting so that her knees touched his. He watched her intently as her blue eyes surveyed his face, her fingers tracing soft patterns over his forehead, cheeks, and down to his jaw, drawing a satisfied moan from his throat. His eyes fluttered closed and soon after he was surprised by the sensation of her soft lips against his neck, trailing kisses down his jaw and throat. Her fingers then began to fumble with his partially buttoned shirt and he began to accept that the moment had finally arrived. The moment that he could finally divulge all he had been holding in for so long. Running his hand through her hair, he captured her lips once more with his own as he wrapped his other arm around her waist, lowering her gently to the blanket which she had prepared for them. Though this was not his first time by any means, in many ways, he felt as giddy as a maid as her hands wandered over his cheast and grasped his waist. Although he had had many girls throughout his youth and into his adulthood, none had ever felt as it did in that moment. Before, it seemed almost like a sport; a game in which he would play to see how quickly and how many he could seduce and conquer, but with Kara, he had no desire to play. She filled him with the sort of ecstasy that, before, he didn't think was humanly possible. When she kissed him waves of passion would flood his body and everywhere her hands touched made him alive with electricity. Each sweet sound that would escape from her lips was a melody which encouraged him. Until that moment, he doubted he knew the true meaning of love, but then it had suddenly become clear. She was a part of him and he was a part of her. Somewhow, admist their wild adventure, their (two loves had become one and their love become so alike that none could slacken and none could die). (Excerpt from Tristan and Isolde)[Chapter 9] It was not safe for to remain in one place for too long, so, unfortunately, their stay with Miss Julia Cook was short-lived. However, seeing as they were so close to Ned's old homestead, he couldn't resist paying his sisters a quick visit, even if it was only for the night. He had no notion of when the opportunity would present itself again, nor if it ever would. Kate and Grace were kind to them, offering them a warm meal, bed to rest their heads, and a warm seat by the fire; luxaries which seemed harder and harder to come by these days. Kara ate her stew soundlessly as Ned chatted with his sisters, rehashing all of the adventures and hardships that they had endured over the years. Even as he spoke, however, it did not pass her notice that Kate's eyes continued to drift to her, watching her as she ate. Her gaze wasn't that of malice, but rather confusion and genuine interest. When the opportunity arose for her to speak, Kate wasted not a single breath on voicing her thoughts. \"Beggin' yer pardon brother, as much as I've enjoyed yer stories an' am relieved to have you safely home, I must admit that I've been most anxious fer you to introduce me to yer lass.\" Her lips broke into a bright smile as she reached across her rather bemused brother. \"Pleased to me ya, Miss.\" She said happily, extending her hand to Kara who took it reluctantly, looking helplessly to Ned. \"Well, actually, you see-\" \"No need to be shy about it, Miss.\" Kate assured her, cutting her off mid-sentence. \"'Tis always a pleasure to have more women folk around, ya see. We always knew that someday Ned would fiind himself a fine lass like yourself, settle down an' have a family...of course, we thought that all this outlawin' would delay that quite a bit, but-\" \"Kate,\" Ned began, attempting to put an end to her ramblings, \"You don' understand, she-\" \"What I don' understand, Ned Kelly, is why you didn' write me sooner! God knows we need some good news in this family!\" Her expression softened as her eyes returned to Kara. \"Ned always was a shy one, ya see. Never brought home any girls or nothin', so this truly is an exciting moment for me, havin' ya. Tell me, has he married ye yet? Oh, that would be awful romantic!\" \"Kate!\" Ned near shouted. \"For the love of Christ, will you please shut up?\" Narrowing her eyes at her brother, she crossed her arms over her chest angrily, slumping back into her chair, but clasped her lips nonetheless. \"Thank ye.\" He said, sighing briefly before looking between the two women between whom he was sandwiched. \"Now, Kate, this is Kara. Kara Wallace. We came about her some years ago when her stagecoach had been robbed; we rescued her from a band of robbers and escored her back home a few weeks after.\" Kate's eyebrows knit together in confusion, and before Ned could continue, she interjected: \"Then how are ye here now, if this happened years ago?\" \"I wasn't expecting them, but they happened to be riding through town one morning when I was supposed to be leaving Austrialia for London...\" Kara said, unable to help herself, her lips curled into a smile as she recalled the memory. \"I thought I had left this part of my life behind me, I was ready to begin a new chapter of my away from it all, where I could forget everything and everyone...but try as I might, Joseph Byrne wouldn't allow me to leave, and I came to realize that I couldn't leave him, not again.\" Ned waited patiently until he was certain that she had said her peace before he spoke. \"So, Kate, as I was trying to tell ye, Kara, unfortunately,\" he added, grinning at her jokingly, \"Has been claimed by another, but she has been a welcome addition to our company.\" Kate nodded absentmindedly, but her face had long since fallen into a somber frown. She had grown up knowing Joe, knowing the kind of man he was, and, upon realizing that it was he who had claimed the lady's heart, immediately felt pity for the poor girl, knowing very well that he would never be the kind of man to give offer what a proper lady deserved. Joe was the type of man to enjoy the chase, but did not care to stay to tend the relationship any farther after it had been obtained. \"I certainly wish you the best.\" Was all that she could bring herself to say. Against his better judgement, Joseph Byrne found himself ambling about town, a bottle of rum held loosely in his hand as he wandered aimlessly amongst the dark, quiet shops which had long since been closed for the night. Unaware of where his feet were leading him, he was rather surprised to find himself standing in front of the very pub where he had, once upon a time, spent his nights with Maggie. It felt natural to him to come here, because he had for so many years. Before Kara, Maggie had been the closest thing he'd ever had to a steady relationship and, now more than ever, he was certain that he could never care for her in the same way she cared for him. Before he could do anything about it, a hand extended to him from within the dark establishment and pulled him inside by his collar. He distinctly heard the door close behind him before he was shoved into a chair, a figure situating themselves atop his lap and proceeding to attack him with kisses. \"M-Maggie?\" He managed between kisses. \"Is that...is that you?\" A feminine voice sighed pleasantly. \"Who else would it be?\" She asked, wrapping her arms around him, pressing her body closer to him whilst she continued to plant kisses down his neck. \"You've been gone fer so long, I was wondering when ye were gonna pay me another visit.\" She moved her hips against him in a way that made him begin to feel uncomfortable. \"I've missed ye, Joe.\" \"Maggie, I-\" Pressing her finger to his lips, she returned her lips to his neck, proceeding to unbutton his shirt. \"Please, let's talk later.\" She almost begged. \"I need you.\" Shaking his head, he grasped her hands, stopping her progress. \"No, Maggie.\" He said firmly, waiting until he was certain that he had gotten the message across before he began to button up his shirt. \"I can't be with you anymore. I'm sorry.\" \"I-I don' understan'...\" She said, her voice almost a whisper. She looked at him, almost frightened, collecting her skirts and removing herself from his lap. \"I...I though' that...ye always came back...I though' that maybe ye would grow ta...grow ta love me .\" \"I'm sorry, Maggie, truly.\" He sighed, resting his hand upon his knees. \"If I am honest with ye, I think there were times I almost believed that, myself. Yer a great woman, Maggie, ya really are, I hope ye know tha', but...she's somethin' special.\" Unable to help himself, his lips curled into a smile. \"She make me crazy... she's beautiful, an' stubborn, an' smarter than I'd ever hope to be...\" He shook his head. \"I don' deserve her...\" \"I...I understand.\" she said, slowly. \"I am a woman...I know when a man is not in love with me...well, at least I know when a man is obviously thinkin' of another woman while kissing me. I...I think I knew from the moment I brought you in here. You were...so distant. It's unlike ya.\" Smiling, he stood, straightening his clothes before he turned towards the door. He paused a moment before making his way back to her, bending forward and planting a kiss upon her forehead. \"Thank you.\" She smiled a bit, lowering her head in a bad effort of concealing her blush. \"Well, if ya love the lass so much, why are you here and not with her?\" She asked, placing her hands on her hips playfully. \"Now get on with ya! I'll not have ya keepin' her waitin'.\" In the faint light of the lantern glow which hung above them, Kara appeared like a dark silhouette as he watched her dress from where he lay upon their makeshift bed of worn blankets and straw. He was captivated by the way her long hair fell messily down her back and over her chest as she fumbled with her corset strings. The soft candle light seemed to illuminate her skin in a way that made it almost impossible for him to fight off the urge to attack her again. He was drawn from his thoughts when she stopped suddenly, her hands falling to her sides in frustration, her gaze shifting to him. \"What should happen if something should come out of this?\" she almost demanded. If he didn't know better, he might have thought that she was angry with him, but he knew by the look in her eyes that it was fear which compelled her, not anger. Reaching his arms out to her, he pulled her to him, cradling her close to him, allowing her body to mold with his as she rested her head upon his chest. \"Whatever happens, we will face it together, like we always have.\" He assured her. \"We can overcome anything, you an' I.\" \"But...\" He could feel her nimble fingers playing with the collar of his shirt as her words faltered. \"W-would you grow bored of me?\" Her voice quivered as she spoke, her grip tightening on his shirt. \"I do not regret being with you. You make me feel safe, and wanted, and...loved. Every time together...I can't help but fear that they day will come when you will not want and desire me anymore.\" He could feel wetness through the fabric of his shirt. \"It only takes one time, Joe...and I'm scared.\" Squeezing her into a tight embrace, he kissed her forehead with so much fervor that she sighed between her sniffles. \"I lost ye once, I will not let tha' happen again.\" Brushing her hair from her face, he gazed upon her tear-stained eyes before capturing her lips in a gentle kiss. \"I have met many women in my days... had many in my days, but I hope ye believe me when I tell ye tha' I've never loved any of them...until you.\" He traced a finger over her cheek and over her jaw. \"And I will say something that I've never said to anyone before...I love you, Kara.\" When finally he had returned to the homestead, the night was as black as ink. Kara had long since went to bed with Kate and Grace in the room which they shared with their mother and Dan, Ned, and Steve had retired in the loft which used to be Dan and Ned's bedroom. He prepared to make his bed with them when a voice spoke to him through the darkness. \"Joe?\" It was Ned. \"Where have you been?\" His lips curled into a smirk. \"Was I really that long?\" He was suddenly thankful for the darkness of the room as he felt heat rush to his cheeks, a strange phenomenon to him. He had never been embarrassed about his ventures before, but with Kara he felt sheepish as a little boy caught in childhood mischief. \"Aye, just as I thought.\" He said, his voice low so he didn't disturb the other sleeping men. \"I'm glad for you, Joe, I really am...I wan' ya to be 'appy, I haven't seen ya so giddy since yer first time, but I still worry...Joe, she's just a girl.\" Joe shrugged as he continued to lay out his bed. \"I didn' pressure her. She wanted me to. Besides, she's nineteen now, she's not a child anymore.\" Ned chuckled softly. \"Aye, that's true, but I jus' want ye to be careful. She's a good girl...I care about her a lot, as if she were my own kin...I care about both of ye.\" He sighed, running his hands over his bearded chin. \"I just don' want her to be hurt. I know she loves ye, tha' I don' doubt...I'm just worried that this life...running 'ere and there...she deserves more than this...she had more than this. I worry that she might come to regret leaving behind all that she had...especially if the day comes that she's not enough for ye anymore.\" \" That will NOT happen. \" He sneered. \"I love her and she loves me. That will never change.\" \"I...I believe ye mean tha', Joe. I just...just worry about the future sometimes. We can' run forever you know, and sometimes...sometimes I fear our day of reckoning is approaching faster than we would like.\" Joe shook his head dismissively. \"Enough of this talk, go to sleep, Ned. Ya get paranoid these days when yer tired.\" He said, stifling a yawn. \"I reckon we both could use some rest.\" Ned nodded, retreating to his own make-shift bed. Joe sighed, laying down and rolling on his side. He wanted to believe that there was no truth in what Ned had said, but in the back of his mind he too knew that it was only a matter of time.[Chapter 10] Gawyn's POV I sat behind Joe as we rode to Beechworth, \"Aaron, what are you doing?\" he muttered as we all sadly gazed out at the Calvary riding into Beechworth. Upon that day we rode back to the Kelly's home for weapons and such. Currently I sat at the table beside Grace and Ellen as we watched the men dig, \"Some coppers on horses followed me until Wangaratta,\" said Kate to Ned, \"But I met up with Tom Lloyd and Bill and we gave 'em a slip easy as you please.\" \"That's good.\" said Ned. \"Here we go,\" Dan lifted a big bag onto the table and quickly he and Ned looked at the contents, \"That's great, Kate.\" \"Yeah, well I wish I never bloody bothered. You're all gonna get yourselves killed.\" \"We're not.\" he argued. \"You bloody well are!\" And deep down I knew this too. I felt bad for Joe, for having to be the one to kill Aaron, but I also felt pity for Mary, Aaron's wife. Joe had told me a while back that she had been with child. I can't imagine how she would feel when she knew her husband was dead. I had not told Joe that I had been getting sick regularly in the morning, nor the fact my sense of smell had somehow enhanced. I knew, with no doubt, that his child was in me. I told him nothing of my suspicions, now was not the time. He had much on his mind and did not need this to add to it. I had thought about this as we rode on. Riding behind him I kept my arms around his middle so I would not fall, but considering my stomach had swelled a tad I made sure not to have it make contact with Joe's back as not to draw suspicion. I have been wearing my pa's tartan, since my condition was visible,I wore it in order to make it less noticeable. So far it seemed to be working. \"I suppose you're the Great Orlando?\" said Ned as we stopped in front of a Circus wagon train. \"That I am.\" the man replied. \"Well I'm the Great Ned Kelly and this is the Fabulous Joe Bryne. We'd like to join your circus.\" Naturally the man agreed after being put up to gun-point. We made one stop to brake some train tracks before stopping in this small town in search of lodgings, \"This good lookin' feller over here is me brother, Dan Kelly,\" said Ned once all of us were inside, \"And these are my friends, Joe Bryne and Gawyn Wallace, at the bar there, Steve Hart, there in the back corner. And I'm Ned. We're all Irish boys and Selectors' sons, with the exception of the Scottish lass. Had war declared on us by Victoria, by New South Wales, by the Crown, by the London Times even. The reward on our heads is the biggest one yet offered in the world. It's up to 8,000 pounds,\" he chuckled nervously, \"It's a lot of money. We're the only four lads in the whole country– the entire empire in fact. If any one of you fine citizens is allowed to kill, no questions asked. No, it's true. The Queen said so herself,\" he paused. I took this time to tighten my grip on Joe's arm. Noticing my discomfort he wrapped his arms around my waist and pulled me closer to him which did in fact help. \"That's right,\" Ned continued, \"It's Regina versus us, the Kelly Gang.\" When things had all gotten cheerier we enjoyed a night of drinkin', dancin', and lots of music. I had danced a bit with Ned and then Joe had me dance a few rounds with him, but I became dizzy a told him I must rest, \"Follow me then,\" he replied, \"I know the perfect place.\" He led me upstairs away from the crowd to a vacant room where we could be alone. I knew not what was on his mind, but I figured I would soon find out.[Chapter 11] Joe's POV I was happy that Gawyn said she was tired. This gave me the perfect opportunity. After I had led her to a vacant room I joined her in sitting on the bed in the center of the room. I couldn't resist touching her cheek as she looked at me questioningly. I kissed her quickly prior to pulling a small present from me vest pocket, \"I have somethin' for you.\" I said with a smile. She shook her head just as I predicted, \"You shouldn't have gotten me anything, but while we are here I have something I need to tell you.\" I shook me head, my smile getting bigger, \"I am sure it can wait for this,\" I took her hand and slipped me ma's ring (which I had been able to get when we had gone to our home town to talk with Aaron and Ned's sisters) on a very important finger, \"Gawyn, will you be my wife?\" She stopped suddenly, her eyes stuck on her hand. She looked at me and smiled, \"Nothing would make me happier.\" she said, giving me a kiss. Sure, it was nothing fancy, just a plain band, but it was all we had. But nonetheless it looked elegant upon her finger, \"Now,\" I said, once we had shared a few more kisses, \"What is it you wanted to tell me?\" She smiled a bit and then frowned, \"I don't know whether it is good news or bad news yet,\" she admitted, \"I'm not sure what you will think nor how to tell you.\" \"You are my wife, you can tell me anything.\" I said (technically by law we weren't married, but being an outlaw, who really cared about the law?). She smiled again before switching her gaze from me to her father's tartan. I had noticed she had been wearing it quite a lot lately, but I did not expect the reasoning. When she had moved aside the part tartan of the tartan that covered her stomach. I noticed the bulge in her middle section, \"Joe,\" she said, \"I am carrying your child within me.\" At the moment I was so shocked I didn't know what else to do other than take her in my arms and kiss her. She was the ma of me baby! I couldn't be happier. I let go over her quickly when she yelped and held a quick hand onto her stomach, \"What happened? Did I hurt it?\" I asked. She shook her head and smiled, \"No, it's fine. Just moved is all.\" She placed me hand on her abdomen. It was amazing. There was actually a little lad or lass in there and I helped to make it. Was it possible that she could any more beautiful? It sure seemed like it because I had never loved her anymore than I did this second, \"I take it you're happy then?\" she asked. \"Can't be happier,\" I frowned suddenly, something comin' to mind. \"What is it?\" she asked worriedly. \"I was just thinkin',\" I said, \"Will I not be able to touch you now? Will it hurt to child?\" She laughed and ran her fingers through my hair as her lips made trails up and down my neck, \"We shall be fine to do as we wish until I reach five months,\" she whispered in my ear, \"That gives you a good month and a half to do ask you wish with your wife.\" Oh, I wished I could now, but we both agreed that we should be getting back downstairs before anyone noticed we were gone. When we returned I left Gawyn with Steve who gaped at her exposed stomach as I continued over the men sitting at the table in the corner, \"I suppose ya don't want a drink then?\" I overheard Steve say to Gawyn. \"Not unless it is water.\" she replied with a laugh. \"Where's the other fella?\" I asked when I had reached the table. The men just looked at me, \"Where's Curnow?\" \"Ned, Curnow's gone.\" I said when I had finally found him.[Chapter 12] Gawyn's POV I helped the lads in there armor as the prepared for their next show down, \"Knights in shining armor!\" said the Great Orlando. I handed each of them a pistol, stopping at Joe whom after I held his hand as Ned came forth, \"Curnow stopped the train.\" he said solemnly. \"Oh, Jesus,\" said Steve. \"What does this mean?\" asked Dan. \"Hare's on his way.\" he replied. \"You mean we didn't get any of 'em?\" \"Not a soul.\" \"There'll be a hundred of them,\" said Joe, giving my hand a squeeze, \"At least.\" The waiting was the worst of it. We all sat together, Ned, Dan, Steve, Joe, and I, Joe's arm around my waist and my hands, one on my stomach, the other touching his hand that rested on my hip, \"You okay, Dan?\" asked Ned. He nodded, \"Yeah, I'm okay, Ned.\" \"Steve?\" \"Short life. And a merry one.\" he said, offering us all a sad smile. \"Bryne?\" \"We're gonna give them a good ole fight, aren't we?\" \"Lass?\" I didn't know what to say. Four men that I loved were about to die, die for reasons that they weren't guilty of. I looked Ned right in the eyes, the man whom I loved as if he was my own brother, \"Give 'em what they deserve and nothin' less, but mind you all be careful.\" He smiled sadly at me, glanced at my stomach, glanced at Joe and said, \"So, that's that then.\" He offered us another smile before turnin' to the crowd, \"All right, everyone, listen to me,\" he said, \"We're getting you outta here.\" \"You must leave with the others,\" Joe told me, \"I think you know as well as I that I will not be makin' it outta here alive.\" I didn't want to believe it, but deep down I did know this. I felt tears roll down my cheeks as we kissed and once and then twice, not satisfied with just one, \"I don't want to leave you.\" I said, wrapping my arms around his neck. People were already making there way out of the building, their hands raised above their heads, \"Gawyn, now is not the time to be stubborn. Please, do as I say, for me.\" he begged. I knew he said what he did because he loved me and did not want me to die along side him. I knew it was just as hard for him to say this as it was for me to hear it. It was all so hard. Seeing the sincerity in his eye I nodded, \"As long as ya promise to not go down without a fight and a good one at that.\" I said, smiling sadly. He returned my smile and hugged me. Every touch seemed precious. I took in every sense every texture of his warm skin against mine. I will remember always the scratchiness of his beard on my cheeks as we shared another long-lasting kiss. He smelled of gun power and dirt, maybe not the loveliest of things, but I wouldn't forget it for the world. Before he bid me off he leaned down and kissed my stomach before giving me another hug and kiss on the cheek. As I began to walk out of the building I kept looking back to see if Joe was still there. Every time he stood there his eyes on me. I was approaching the doorway when I turned back again to meet his gaze. I can still taste the saltiness of the tears as they silently crept down my cheeks down to my neck as wrapped Pa's tartan around my shoulders before walking out into the cold night. Everything seemed to be goin' well until they began firing upon us! The innkeeper had been shot dead. Everyone was in a panic and rushed inside. In the hurry I was pushed into a table which I toppled over. I cringed in pain, holding my stomach in hopes that I hit it in no way. \"Gawyn!\" I heard from behind me. Ned hurried to me and helped me to my feet. Taking me by the waist he led me to the front where Dan, Steve, and Joe stood between the windows, guns at the ready, \"Get down on the floor.\" Ned told all of us (with the exception of the Kelly Gang). I slumped down to the ground were Ned had taken me, my breath quickening from fear. Joe met my gaze, \"You alright?\" he asked. I nodded and then shook my head. I didn't know what to be at the moment, all I knew to do was pray that everything would turn out okay, \"Let's give it to 'em.\" said Ned, \"Hit the lights.\" I hoped to God that that armor worked as they went outside to start the chaos. I was so worried that I didn't realize I was holding my breath until I let it out in relief when the lads returned. Joe sat next to me, \"You would mind helpin' me would ye? I figured you have enough experience dressin' and undressin' me, anyhow.\" I smiled slightly, \"Sometimes I think yer too bold for words.\" I said, trying to yell over the gun-shots. How could he keep this humor at a time like this? I wondered as I removed his helmet, \"Oh! Dan, reload me pistols!\" I heard Ned say, \"I got the B****** that shot me. I'll give him that anyways. Rifle! Bullets, come on!\" Dan tossed him the rifle and Joe tossed the bullets as I helped Joe reload his pistol, \"God help us.\" I muttered. \"Aw, the monkey's been shot.\" Joe said with a smile and chuckle, \"Poor little bugger!\" People all around us were being shot. I watched in horror as a boy around my age (seventeen or eighteen) was hit, \"Stay low to the ground!\" Ned continued to yell. Tears continued down my expressionless face as I loaded and reloaded Joe's gun, occasionally jumping at the sound of a gun shot, \"Ned!\" called Joe suddenly, \"Where the hell are you goin'?\" \"Take this lot out back.\" he said, putting on his helmet. Even though he said nothing else, we knew what he meant. \"Ned?\" said Joe in disbelief as he watched him shoot on his own from the broken window. I knew what Joe was going to say. I shook my head as he turned to me, \"Before you even say it, no. I left you once, I am not gonna do it again,\" I said, \"Call me stubborn all you want, I cannot bring myself to do it again.\" \"Now's your chance,\" he shouted to the others, \"Quickly! Out that back door, there!\" By this time I was crying (I still do not if it was because of hormones due to my pregnancy or not). He held me close again, trying to comfort me, \"Just promise me you will save yourself if anything goes wrong.\" He whispered in my ear. I nodded, \"I promise.\" \"I got him!\" we heard one of the men scream, \"I've gotten Dan Kelly!\" Dan cringed and shot the man from the window, \"No you bloody well haven't.\" \"Jesus Christ, lads,\" muttered Joe, looking around at all the dead bodies layin' in the room, \"Gawyn, you must get out, now.\" He stood and helped me up with him. We were just passin' the bar when I heard him grunt and become limp in my arms, \"Joe?\" I said. I didn't even have to finish that sentence, I knew he had been shot, \"Joe!\" I cried as I let his head lay in my lap, \"Ya can't leave me, not now.\" He smiled at me, \"You will be fine, go now, while you still can.\" I didn't want to hear it, but I knew he was right. I felt his wound. His blood stained my fingers. I cried as I looked in his eyes one more time while he was alive, I took off his ma's ring and tried to put it in his pocket, \"No,\" he said, \"You keep it, you are my wife and I love you.\" This made me cry even more, \"I have always loved you.\" I said, kissing his cheeks. He smirked weakly, \"I thought so...Gawyn...\" Those were his last words to me. I wept and wept, clinging to his lifeless body, staining my hands and part of Papa's tartan with Joe's blood, \"Gawyn!\" called Dan, \"Go, before it's too late. He would have wanted it.\"[Chapter 13] We were taken on a train, Ned and I, for they had burned the tavern therefore we were the last of the Kelly Gang. We were held together in a cell, \"Ned,\" I said, \"We can try to get them to spare you,\" I looked down at my still growing belly (they had held us there for around two months, I was around five months pregnant with Joe's child), \"We could say the child's yours, perhaps they will let you go if they thought you were to be a father.\" Ned looked at me and shook his head, \"I couldn't. That would be a disgrace to Joe's memory, not to count the fact that when that child comes to the world he or she will favor me in no way.\" I knew he was right, but I still hoped there was some way. That chance would never come. My brother, Gideon had come for me hours later. Though I was hesitant to leave Ned told me to go on. In November of 1880 they hung Ned Kelly. I was too sad to look. Even though a large petition was signed for Ned's life they still took him. The nerve! Months later I had given birth to a healthy baby girl...and boy. You guessed right, Joe had planted twins in me. I was overjoyed. With Joe being gone I knew this was the only child of his that I could bear. I named our son after him, Joseph (Joe) Gideon Byrne, and our daughter I named Heather Maureen Byrne, after the heater sprig that Papa had given to Ma so long ago in Scotland. Yes, you might have noticed I have taken his last name. I too am now known as Gawyn Wallace Byrne. Since Gideon had collected me I have lived with him, his wife Juliette, and their two year old daughter Gwen. Gideon seemed to enjoy having the family together again and I did as well. Gwen just adores Joe and Heather. I love my children more than anything. Little Joseph has taken so much after his father, same brown eyes, same nose, same curly brown hair, everything! That is except his chin, he has my chin. Heather took after me quite a bit, but both of my children had Joe's hair. Both Heather and I had blue eyes. I was surprised Gideon was not angry that I had ran off, married, and gotten pregnant by the outlawer Joe Byrne, but I think he could tell how much I loved him. When I reached the age on twenty-four and Heather and Joe were seven we left for America. It was a better place to start for us were I could make a living and support my family on my own. I loved Australia, but for seven years the memories of Joe, Ned, Steve, and Dan had haunted me. I couldn't take it anymore. We live now in Texas were I found good work. I never did marry again. Sure I did have some suitors and some offers of marriage, but I refused them all. I could never love again. Still I wear the wedding band Joe had given me...and Papa's tartan which I had refused to wash Joe's blood from. Epilogue: Gawyn Wallace Byrne died on the eleventh of November 1930, some say from a old, broken heart, on the 50th anniversary of Ned Kelly's hanging. She was 67 years old. Through out her life she bore no more children other than those of Joe. She was one of the many women in Texas to fight for equal rights for women, her stubbornness came in handy. Heather Byrne grew up to be one of the finest doctors in the area and Joseph Byrne was always a rebel to the law...like his father, but shockingly grew up to be a constable. Gawyn lived to see eight of her nine grandchildren. Three from her daughter, a boy and two girls which she named Gideon John McGarthy, Moira Anne McGarthy, and Wallace Patrick McGarthy. Five from her son, four boys and one girl Daniel (often called Dan) Thomas Byrne, Ned Allec Byran, Stephen (often called Steve) Peter Byrne, Rossalyn Marie Byrne, and lastly Joseph (often called Joe) Rae Byrne. Gawyn's was pregnant with the seventh when Gawyn passed. In honor of her mother she named her daughter after her. Gawyn Jane McGarthy. She was well-loved in her life time. Despite her tragedy never lost sight of what was important and as far as anyone is concerned lived her life to the fullest. Of course, when her children came of age to understand, she told them the story of the Kelly Gang. Gawyn was reunited with Joe upon her passing. Ned, Steve, and Dan were waiting for her too. The Kelly Gang was back together... without the worry of any constables. ","Summary":" Ned Kelly wondered the wilderness with his band of outlawers, consisting of his friends, Steve Hart"}]