[{"Movie":"Dear John","Title":"John has the flu","Author":"carriebear27","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10135686","Passage":"[Chapter 1] John has the flu It was a beautiful day in Monroe , North Carolina but not for John tyree he hasn't been feeling good the past few days . His dad came into John's room and checked on him every so often. Savannah came over and decided to try to cheer her best friend up \"Hey John how do you feel?\" Savannah asked \"Not so good savannah all I wanna do is sleep.\" John said sleepily \"How would you like some chicken soup your dad told me it's your favorite when you don't feel good?\" Savannah asked John \"I'd like that .\" John smiled Savannah went to the kitchen and made John his soup John came down from his room and ate his soup on the couch His dad came home an hour later and saw John fast asleep His dad got John's us army blanket from his bed His dad went into the kitchen and got some juice for John There was a knock on the door and John got up and answered the door it was Savannah \"John go back to the couch.\" Savannah reprimanded her friend John walked back to the couch ","Summary":" John has the flu It was a beautiful day in Monroe , North Carolina but not for John tyree he hasn't"},{"Movie":"Dear John","Title":"Dear John","Author":"dg0358","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12232335","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Daniel Gutierrez English 11-7-16 ","Summary":" Daniel Gutierrez English 11-7-16"},{"Movie":"Dear John","Title":"Forever Love","Author":"Lilia5","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6601347","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dear John, As the nights grow on and days become longer, your presence begins to fade. Everything that used to remind me of you is bleaching into nothingness. The way the summer breeze moved your hair so calm and silent, has now turned to a violent hailstorm and the way the sun glittered teasingly on your chest has now paled to a dull light high in the sky. I find that I try to remember you to much and I get so enveloped in you that I forget my way. I lie in bed some evenings trying to remember how your hand felt in mine or how my skin tingled as you brushed hair from my face. Sometimes at night, I still gaze longingly into the sky, staring at the moon and wondering if you are thinking of me. But I always remember what you told me: no mater where you are in the world, the moon is no bigger than your thumb nail. And as I remember this, I smile to myself and I can hear your deep, musky voice, as a soft echo in my head. But John, I feel I am forever longing our presence, I miss you, I miss us. Its so hard to get through a day without thinking about you. I tested myself, once, to see if I could do it, to see if I could try to forget for just a moment. But, I think I knew right from the very start that it was impossible to even consider not thinking of you. There is no man, John, that will make me forget about you. For you claimed my heart so quickly and I, yours that we barely knew what had happened before it was to late. We were young and finding our way in the world when we found each other. Maybe we fell to quickly and tripped. Though I know if I could turn back time, I wouldn't change a thing for the world. Because a life without you in it is simply unimaginable. I can't control the future, but I just want you to know, always, that i'll be forever waiting for you, beseeching your touch, your smile, your scent and the endless tidal wave of your eyes. All my heart... Savannah ","Summary":" Dear John, As the nights grow on and days become longer, your presence begins to fade. Everything t"},{"Movie":"Dear John","Title":"This Time, It's Goodbye","Author":"StoriesOfMyLife96","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7763326","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi guys! So this isn't my usual, happy story that I normally write. I was watching Dear John last night and towards the end of the movie, this story popped into my head. I never liked the way the movie ended, I always thought that it left us hanging, and I had always wanted to know what was going through John's mind during those last few scenes. This story basically wrote its self, and I'm pretty proud of it, so I hope you like it. And for those of you who are my faithful readers, I apologize profusely for not updating in almost, what, six months? I've never been good with updating things, but I will eventually get around to those other stories. I have to be in the right mood to write certain stories, and right now, I'm not feeling Harry Potter, so when I get back into it, I can promise you an update (: So for now, I hope you like this little one shot I am a coin in United States' Army, I was minted in 1980, punched out of sheet metal. I have been stamped, my sides have been ridged and riddled to perfection. Except now, I have two small holes in me. I am no longer in perfect condition. The whole drive over there, I was tempted to turn around and go back the way I came. My stomach was in knots, nerves twisting it in ways I had never experienced before. Never in my life had ever carried this much trepidation or fear before. Facing 9/11 and getting shot was nothing compared to this. When my dad died, I had nothing here for me anymore. Sitting in that empty church, staring at my father's casket, I made the decision. I needed this and I owed this to myself to do this. If I could tie up fifteen years' worth of loose ends with my father, then I could do this. I drove down the long drive way, remembering doing this exact thing five years ago, except five years ago my heart didn't feel like this. Like someone was holding it and squeezing it every now and then, dragging out the evitable end that I knew was coming. My eyes drifted over to the barn, where I saw a figure, a very familiar figure, brushing one of the many horses. As if knowing I was there, she looked up. Her face was in the shadows, as if hiding from me. Even though I couldn't see her face, I could just imagine the shock and sheer surprise lighting her sea blue eyes. I slowed the car to a stop, taking a minute to get out, never taking my eyes off of her. I got out of the car, after trying and failing, to calm my racing heart. I slowly walked towards the barn, she doing the same. Finally she came out of the barn and out of the shadows, stepping into the late morning sun and stopping in front of me. Apart of me wanted to run over and grab her in my arms and pretend that the last five years didn't happen, but I remained where I was, just standing there, staring at her. Savannah. Five years hadn't changed her a bit. She still had her long, soft blonde hair, pulled back into a braid, hair that I wanted to be able to run my fingers through again, feel its soft silky texture. She was still as beautiful as I remember, though my memories were a pale comparison to the real thing. My heart ached as I stared into those ocean blue eyes, those eyes that had captivated me from the first moment I looked into them. They were always filled with a warmth and an openness that made you feel at ease, but there was no longer the slight innocence, the sparkle of humor that was never far from the surface. They still had there warmth, but replacing the innocence was a darkness, a pain that made my heart twinge. This wasn't a Savannah I knew, and even after all the heart break she had caused me, still loved. \"John.\" She whispered, her eyes wide, with the predicted shock. I nodded to her, not quite sure I could talk yet. She shook herself slightly, a smile that still made my heart beat just a little faster, graced her angelic face. \"What brings you here?\" she asked conversationally. \"My dad.\" I said, mentally wincing at the controlled tone my voice had taken on. \"Oh, how is he?\" she asked, her eyes giving off that familiar sparkle. Dead. I thought harshly. But I couldn't bring myself to say it, so I just settled for shaking my head, knowing she would get my meaning. Immediately, they sparkle was gone, replaced with sadness and sympathy. \"Oh my gosh, I wish-I wish I would've known.\" She whispered. I just shook my head. \"It's okay.\" And it was, or so I tried to think it was. Silence settled around us, not awkward, it was never awkward with us, not even with everything that happened. The sign on the barn caught my attention. Camp Horse Sense. \"So you did it huh? Camp Horse Sense?\" I asked, slightly curious. She shook her head, a wistful smile on her face. \"No, I tried. It lasted one summer, it was expensive.\" She explained. I nodded, not commenting. She stared at me again, and I tried to ignore the feeling I still got. It wouldn't make any of this easier. \"Do you want to come inside?\" she asked me, her blue eyes hopeful. No, was my first thought. I didn't want to sit here and pretend that everything was okay, and I didn't want to sit there and make small talk with her husband, I don't think I could take that. \"It's just me.\" she added, as if knowing what I was thinking. Call me it wishful thinking or masochistic, but I found myself nodding, and all the pain I knew that it would cause me, I think it was a small price to pay to finally see her bright smile light up her face, especially if it was the last time. I followed her silently up to the house, again the silence not awkward, just silence. She lead me into the dining room, telling me to make myself comfortable while she got us some drinks. I obliged, taking of my jacket, slinging it onto the back of my chair. Savannah came back into the room, setting a glass of water down in front of me, sitting down across from me, staring into her own glass. This silence was awkward. We didn't know what to say to each other this time, neither of us ready to bring up the elephant in the room, but neither of us knowing what to say to break the silence. Finally she broke it, \"When do you go back?\" \"After I get all of my dad's stuff squared away.\" I answered. She nodded. The next thing to break the silence was the phone's shrill ringing, Savannah, after apologizing, excused herself to answer it. I took this as the opportunity to look at the pictures over the mantle. The one in the middle caught my attention. I knew what it was before I even looked at it, but for some reason I looked anyway. I just needed to know, if I was ever going to get over this I had to know. Looking back on it now, I wish I wouldn't have done it, but at the time, I had wanted it. Savannah, wearing a simple white dress, flowers in her hair, a bouquet of bright colored daisy's in her hand. She was beautiful, looking so simple but yet so breathtakingly beautiful that it almost made me smile. I took a breath and looked at the other part of the picture, and what I saw made the breath I took, whoosh out of me. My suspicions were confirmed. The one time I didn't want to be right, and it slapped me in the face. I was numb, shock was the only thing registering through my mind. I was so shocked, that I barely heard Savannah hang up the phone and ask me something. I looked over at her, not bothering to cover up the pain and betrayal I was sure was covering my face, letting her see, for the first time what she had really done to me. \"He wants to see you.\" I didn't have to ask who he was. \"I-uh-what?\" I stammered. \"He wants to see you.\" She repeated softly. My jaw clenched and I looked away, nodding. She excused herself to go change, and I didn't even acknowledge that I heard her. She still loves you. It's as plain as day on her face. I wish that weren't the case, but she never looked at me the way she looked at you. Those words pierced my heart worse than those two bullets that pierced my skin, stabbing me and leaving me breathless and vulnerable. I clenched my jaw, trying to block those words from entering my mind, but they were there, on repeat through the whole awkward conversation. Tim looked like hell, but the sick part was, I didn't feel sympathetic. I was too angry and hurt to feel sympathetic towards him. He stole the only thing I had left to come back too, the only thing I fought so hard for. He took her from me because he was dying, he took her from me because he wanted someone to look after his son when he was gone. To him it might have made sense, but to me it just sounded fucked up. I bet you want to kick my ass right now . He had no idea. Now that I knew the reason, I understood why she looked so upset, so sad. She had the weight of the world on her shoulders, a dying husband, expensive hospital bills piling up, and pretty soon she would have a child to look after on her own. I wanted to be unsympathetic towards her, after all she knew all of this going into it, she knew what was going to happen, and yet she still did it. But I couldn't be that cruel, even though she broke my heart with just a simple letter, I couldn't do it. I loved her too damn much. When she looked up at me with those lost sea blue eyes, all my anger melted away. I wanted to take her in my arms, I wanted to kiss her until all her pain went away. I wanted to tell her I still loved her. But she was married Married. She was married. To a dying man. I wanted to smile because it was just so Savannah. To give up her life, to give up me, everything she had, to marry a dying man just so she could raise his son when he was gone, to be there for him when his father died. But didn't she realize that I had needed her the past five years? Where was she when I was lying in a hospital bed half way across the country, recovering from being shot twice and almost dying? Where was she when I buried the only family I had left? She was too busy with her dying husband. The thought made my jaw clench again for what seemed like the hundredth time that day. Savannah's new life seemed to have that effect on me. But she didn't know about me almost dying, she didn't know about the two, somewhat recent scars I received from being shot, trying to protect a friend, our country. Her. That's really what it always boiled down to. No matter what I did, she was always one my reasons for doing it, if not being my only reason. But I wasn't that cruel that I would tell her that. Maybe I would if I thought it would change something, but something told me that it wouldn't. Sitting at that dinner table, it was awkward. The elephant in the room was just getting to hard to ignore, and the question that I had been asking myself for most of the day, but choosing to ignore, whether it was because I enjoyed torturing myself or because I just wanted to pretend just a little bit longer, I had yet to decide, but I needed to know. \"What are we doing here?\" I asked her finally, hoping that maybe she had an answer for me. She gave me an innocent look, pasting on a forced smile. But I could see it in her eyes. She was begging me to pretend just a little longer, for her sake, just pretend that we don't have a past together, that we were just two friends, catching up. Pretend that we hadn't changed, that she hadn't changed. Maybe she could do it, but I couldn't. \"What do you mean?\" she asked finally. I sighed, putting my fork down. I wasn't really eating, more like pushing my food around my plate. \"We're talking, and having a conversation, but no one's really saying anything.\" She smiled at me, this one almost desperate. \"What do you want to talk about?\" I looked back down at my plate, what little appetite I had gone. \"Why didn't you tell me?\" I demanded quietly, finally. She looked down, her strong stature diminishing, and I really saw for the first time, what these five years had done to her. Then she whispered so quietly, that if I wasn't listening, waiting so desperately for her answer, I would've missed it. \"I couldn't.\" All the pain, hurt and anger rose within me, snapping my controlled, indifferent demeanor. \"You couldn't.\" I nodded, biting back the frustrated yell that wanted to rip its way out of my chest. \"Why didn't you call me? Did you think that little of me that you couldn't give me more of an explanation than that…that letter? To give me at least one chance to change your mind?\" I asked her desperately. My demands seemed to have finally snapped her ignorant façade, her need to pretend for a little longer. Her head snapped up, her sea blue eyes stormy, angry, and defiant. \"I couldn't.\" she repeated, this time stronger. \"Why not?\" I demanded, resisting the urge to bang my fist on the table in frustration. \"Because I couldn't!\" she shouted, and I saw it, the pain she was trying to hide from me, the anger at what she had done and what she had gotten herself into. She had snapped. She flew out of her chair, running her fingers through her hair angrily. \"Because I knew the minute I heard your voice that I would've change my mind!\" she finally shouted. And I finally saw as she continued shouted at me, pouring her heart out to me, that these past five years had been just as hard for her, if not harder, as they were for me. I wasn't the only one who needed someone, she had needed me too. And I wasn't there for her. I never realized how hard it had been on her, the worry she had to go through every day, not knowing if I was alive or okay. We both put each other through hell, we both caused each other pain unintentionally, sometimes unknowingly. We were both lost, not knowing what to do with my sudden appearance. And when she finally stopped, panting slightly from shouting for the past five minutes, she stared at me, her eyes filled with pain, her hair messy from running her fingers through it so many times, and her cheeks stained with tears, she still needed me, though she was to stubborn to admit it. I stood up and pulled her into my arms like I had been wanting to do all day, and held her. For a second I forgot about everything, the pain, anger, betrayal, and I just held her, her familiar scent enveloping me, like wild flowers in the spring, with the slight saltiness of the ocean breeze, so Savannah. Just so her. I knew I missed her, I knew I still loved her, but I never realized how much until that moment. And if her grip, that was just as tight as mine, was any indicator, she missed me just as much. Her shoulder's shook slightly, and I didn't know if she was crying from sadness or happiness. I hoped it was the latter. We stayed like for a long time, neither of us willing to let go, neither one of us willing to be the first one to pull away. As my fingers combed through her hair, still just as soft and silky as I remembered, I knew I was home. I didn't matter if I considered Charleston my home anymore, I knew that as long as she was here, this is where I wanted to be, I would keep coming back, just as long as I knew she was here, I would keep coming back. Always. For her. \"I kept every single one of them.\" she admitted. The letter's I wrote her, she kept every single one. I hoped she didn't ask if I kept her letters, because I knew I wouldn't be able to lie to her. Not now, not after what we just shared. She never asked, but something told me she knew and I felt guilty. She was strong enough to keep these reminders of me, but I wasn't strong enough to keep hers. I felt a pang of regret for the first time. I had burned her letters, gotten rid of them the day I received that letter. I was angry and hurt, and I didn't want a single reminder of her. So I burned them, the only thing that was physical proof of those two weeks, besides my memories, had changed my life. I smiled at the note she handed me. \"The first one that started it all.\" She whispered, smiling up at me. 'I love you' was scribbled across a crumpled piece of paper in my messy hand writing, my signature written hastily at the bottom. \"On Tim's water bill.\" She added, giggling. The sound made me smile, just another thing I missed about her. She reached across the table to grab something, but her hand knocked into her wine glass, spilling it all over her shirt and mine. I laughed, shaking off some that had landed on my hand. She apologized profusely, a slight pink tingeing her cheeks. The sight made me laugh even more. She lead me upstairs to the bathroom, leaving me to clean up while she changed her shirt. I stared at myself in the mirror, trying in vain to clean my shirt off and not think about her changing just ten feet from me. I couldn't think straight, all I wanted to do was walk into that room and kiss her, hold her, tell her how much I loved her and wanted her. At that moment she caught my gaze in the mirror over her bare shoulder, her long blonde hair flowing down her naked back, her eyes staring into mine knowingly. My grip on the sink tightened, trying to tamp down on the emotions trying to claw their way out of me. She was stand in her bedroom, the one she shared with her husband, and yet she didn't seem to be thinking about her husband at all. My jaw tightened, and she seemed to understand. She looked down, pulling her shirt over her shoulders, the gesture seeming innocent and routine, but I knew. She turned away from me, she was closing me out. I walked down the stairs slowly, grabbed my jacket out of the dining room, and slung it over my arm. Savannah followed me, watching me silently. \"I should go.\" I said quietly. She nodded, smiling at me, but her eyes said differently. \"I'll see you soon then?\" she asked, smiling slightly at our old routine. I closed my eyes, remembering the last time I heard those words, I believed them to be true, never realizing that would be the last time I saw her, the last time I would hear her say that. \"Remember? I say then you say it.\" she whispered, her smile slipping, tears forming in her eyes. \"Say it.\" she demanded weakly. She's married. \"Just say it.\" she whispered, tears slipping down her face, her eyes pleading with me. \"Please.\" She added, begging me. My own eyes filled with tears, knowing that if I said it, maybe we could forget that the past five years never happened, maybe we could be together, maybe we could go back to the way things were. And I as I looked into her pleading eyes, the words I so desperately wanted to say on the tip of my tongue, I knew that I couldn't. Maybe a few years ago, I could have, but she didn't give me that chance. She didn't give us that option. She didn't choose us. She's married. She didn't choose me. I turned away, opening the door and mustered up all the strength I could, my heart squeezing painfully in my chest, and whispered those words that I had never thought I would say to her. \"Goodbye, Savannah.\" Do you want to know the last thing that entered my mind, before I blacked out? You. Soooo….. what do you think? Let me know. ~Bri ","Summary":" Hi guys! So this isn't my usual, happy story that I normally write. I was watching Dear John last n"},{"Movie":"Dear John","Title":"The last letter","Author":"irishaimeelee","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10335604","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Why? It was an endless thought, why the last letter, why their last chapter? Fate destined many to end, but why theirs; there was something special about him, something more warm. He was like the sunlight in the winter air, or the moon to light the darkness; he was her pathway in life and this is what it had come to. A l a s t letter. Dear John, I don't know how to word this, should I begin by apologizing like I've seen them do it in the films, over and over again? Or should I just say it without reasoning? It's a constant in my head; you're my constant in my head and this is why it's an issue for me to place this on paper. I'd rather have you here in front of me, have me in the comfort of your warmth and possibly talk this out beneath the stars like we've always done, have our issues restored to goodness by the gleam of the stars. But I doubt even the stars could fix this. I miss you, John. It's painful to go to college because each corner holds some form of love between the pupils and I cannot go home because you're not there anymore, it's like an entirety of my heart was taken when you left on that plane. It's killing me, John, not having you here to tickle me awake in the morning or to have you here to take me to see your dad and his collection. You're just not here and it's not the same. I want you to be here to hold me like you used to and make me feel special. Having these letters delivered between us as a regular as though this is what a relationship is meant to be is driving me insane, it's insanity to not have you by my side; it's like taking the cold from the snow, it's not the same. You're rightful place is by my side, not somewhere dangerous and the worst part is me not knowing where you are. I'm not sure if it's foreign for me not to be by your side at night, John, but I hope it it because I feel like I'm alone on this one. You have your friends out there and I have no one but the sweetest kid and adults. I can't talk to them the way I talked to you, you'd surprise me with little trinkets and flowers and everything I wanted, it's like you read my mind; the best thing I get now is a macaroni necklace and a movie. Please don't hate me for this, John, just promise me in your heart that you'll never hate me for doing this to you, to us . This is the hardest thing I've had to do in my life and the guilt weighing on my shoulders is tipping me over to the point I can't stand; but this has to be done for us to feel whole again, for us to feel like we can bare to live another day rather then lay down in the dirt for someone to live for us, most importantly, I'm doing this for you, I haven't seen you and emotionally, I don't know where you are, I just don't want you to be falling apart because of me. This, us, we have to part, John, for the health and sanity for me and you. Don't do anything reckless with the following of this letter, John, and keep that promise in heart that you won't hate me for it. Fight for what's right in life, live your career, I'll be here taking care of your dad, he's doing brilliantly, I thought you should know. Oh, and promise me another thing, John? Love again . All my love, Savannah. x No hate please guys. ","Summary":" Why? It was an endless thought, why the last letter, why their last chapter? Fate destined many to "},{"Movie":"Dear John","Title":"She Wore a Yellow Ribbon","Author":"Mrs. Malerie Cullen","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6089599","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I shoved my carryon bag into the over head department above my seat. The humming sound of the airplane was bound to give me a headache. I was on a twelve hour flight from Germany to New York. I had spent the past month in Germany photographing the latest fashion trends and the scenery, it was fun but I was ready to get back to my roots in New York. I was a city girl at heart but was raised in a small town called Old Orchard Beach, located in Maine. I loved everything about Maine. The ocean breeze and summer months spent running through town with my best friends, the sand beneath my feet. I smiled at the thought. I sat down in my outside seat and pulled out my phone. I had twenty-seven unread messages. I scrolled down the list of messages which all seemed to be from my mother. It was July meaning my family would be expecting a visit soon. I clicked on the first message. Malerie Oh I can't wait to see u this summer. Mom is sure looking forward to it. My belly keeps getting bigger, soon enough we will have a new little addition to the family. Be safe and be sure to call. Talk to you soon. Love, your sister, Isabell I smiled. My sister was due in a month and she was looking forward to it. I was happy that my sister had settled down and started a family. She stayed in Maine too, which sometimes made me wonder if I had made the right choice. My childhood has always been about the future for me. I always had dreams of moving to New York and making a future in photography. Which all worked out for me. I have a good steady job working for some of the top magazines and I get to travel a lot. I dropped my phone into my shoulder bag and laid my head back. The pilot's voice came on the intercom. Please fasten your seatbelts, we will be taking of shortly. We are expected to land at JFK airport in about 12 hours, 14 if there are weather complications. He repeated himself four more times in any language you could imagine. I closed my eyes trying to find a way to make it through the long flight ahead of me. I felt a tap on the shoulder. I opened my eyes slowly to see a stalky man standing over me. His deep, beautiful, blue eyes were looking down at me. \"Excuse me ma'am but I have the seat beside you.\" he said. His voice was like magic. It had an edge to it but still showed that he was still was soft. My heart raced a little. His caramel colored hair was shaved down to his roots, and his distinct jaw line made him seem mature. My eyes finally reached the rest of his body only to notice he was dressed in camouflage suit. My eyes looked to his chest and scanned the two patches. The one on the right read U.S. Army. The one on the left read Lawson. He was in the Military. \"Um, Yeah sorry.\" I let the words stumble out of my mouth making me sound like an idiot. He grinned a little. I stood up and stepped off to the side letting him slide in. I sat back down and let my eyes wonder around. I was trying to avoid staring at him. He was just so gorgeous. I knew it sounded crazy to think this about someone you just met but it was the truth. His skin was a perfect bronze color, he obviously was out in the sun a lot, he had achieved the tan I had been trying to get since I was sixteen. I went against my better judgment and stole a glance towards him. He was looking out the window. His arms were crossed stiffly and he tapped his feet to the rhythm of the plane humming. His lips were a light pink color and very full for a man. I felt like a sick stalker staring at him this way. He dropped his arms at his side and kept his foot tapping. He turned towards me and I moved my head a little, making it seem like I wasn't staring at him, although I know that he caught me looking. \"I'm Taylor.\" He said extending his somewhat shaking hand towards me. I smiled. \"I'm Malerie.\" I replied. He smiled back, letting his dimples show perfectly on the corners of his mouth. My heart fluttered a little bit. \"Nice to meet you.\" he said. I nodded. \"I'm sorry if I'm a little shaken up.\" he said. \"I don't like flying.\" his voice cracked a little. He was cute. I laughed a little. \"You're in the Army and you don't like flying?\" I teased. He grinned. \"Guess so.\" he said. \"My father used to taunt my about it. Course he was an Army Veteran.\" he laughed. I smiled. \"Are you going home to see family?\" I asked him. \"I actually just ended my four year contract.\" he said. \"For right now I'm done unless I decide to reenlist.\" \"Oh.\" I said. \"You must be happy.\" He shrugged his shoulders. \"Most think of it as a job to protect our country and they can't wait to get home and be done with it.\" he said. \"But I think of it as a duty to protect my country.\" I got goose bumps as he talked. \"I guess that it is predictable for me to say that.\" he said. \"Don't you miss your family?\" I asked. \"I don't have a spouse or children but I do have my parents and my friends.\" he said. \"How long were you in Germany?\" I asked. \"About four months.\" he said. \"I was in Afghanistan for a little over three and a half years.\" \"Wow.\" I said. \"What about you?\" he asked. \"I'm a photographer.\" I said. \"Mostly for magazines and in the fashion world. I've been in Germany for only 2 and half months.\" He laughed a little. \"What?\" I asked. \"Nothing.\" he said, with a smile. \"You just say it like you hate what you do.\" \"It's not that I hate it's just it seems like once you start something and go from small to big it seems like you lose what you used to love about it. It's like everyone is pulling you in every direction and you lose yourself.\" I said. I looked up at him and he was listening to me. His blue eyes made it hard for me to breathe or function. \"When I first started photography I remember just going to the beach. Every day I would walk out the door and onto the sand and just sit and take pictures of people and the things around me. Nature.\" I smiled. He grinned. \"I just loved to take pictures of things and places I loved. When I decided to make it my career in the fashion world it became stressful.\" I said. \" I loved it at first but then it turned into what I didn't enjoy.\" I said. \"I hardly get to see my family and friends and it does get lonely.\" He nodded. \"I mean I'm sure you know what I'm talking about but it is only worse for you.\" \"In what way?\" he asked. I turned towards him and let my brown eyes look into his. \"Because I have the choice to leave it all behind and go back to what I love. You don't.\" I said. \"Well at least until your contract is up.\" \"Yeah.\" he said. \"That is about right.\" The plane started to move and soon it was running down the runway. He crossed his arms stiffly. I laughed to myself. He turned and looked at me. He had a smile. \"You think this is funny?\" he said. I nodded while still laughing. \"What did the last person you sat next to say?\" I asked over the roar of the plane. \"Well.\" he said. \"The last person didn't say a thing but asked to change their seat.\" he laughed. I couldn't help but smile. He was clutching the arm rest as we went higher and higher into the air. He laughed a deep laugh and I felt myself smiling over and over again. I hadn't been this happy since the last time I had seen my family. We had talked some more about childhood memories and anything that came to mind. The sky was dark when we looked around to see most passengers asleep and annoyed by our excessive talking. We both started to laugh quietly. \"Well Malerie.\" he said. \"I think we might be disturbing fellow passengers.\" I smiled and grabbed the complimentary pillow from the back of the chair in front of me. He did the same. \"Good night Taylor.\" I said. to him as I rested my head on the lumpy pillow. \"Good night Malerie.\" he replied. I let myself fall asleep smiling. I had just met someone that had made my day ten times better. Someone whom I knew nothing about that could change my world. I had just met a soldier. So let me know what you think i promise the next chapters will be longer but this is my first! Hope you like it :D PLease Reveiw : ) ","Summary":" I shoved my carryon bag into the over head department above my seat. The humming sound of the airpl"},{"Movie":"Dear John","Title":"channing tatum love story not a normal moment part 2","Author":"boombox girl1","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8630952","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Not a Normal Moment This is how I went from being a star bucks barista in L.A. to being in every major magazine in Hollywood here's my story: Chloe's Pov. It was a slow day and I had only filled about 30 orders. I looked out the window and saw a guy in sunglasses trying to get away from the paparazzi so I decided to help him out. I saw him about to pass the alley so I grabbed his hand and lead him down the alley into the back door. Guy: What are you doing!Me: Trying to save your butt!Guy: I don't think I needed saving! Me: screw you than! Geez! Me: who are you anyway? Guy: I'm Channing, Channing Tatum. I was trying to hide my identity with these sun glasses but being that I just released a new movie that's kind of impossible! Me: you're so rude maybe u shouldn't have saved you! Channing: look I'm sorry if I was rude but I've been having a bad day to make it up give me your cell and I'll take you to lunch. Me: Fine just go out the back door my cell is 512-273-0149 come back in 2 hours. Channing: mine is 513-320-15462 don't give it to anyone I had to change it 5 times this month. Channing's Pov. I was getting harassed by paparazzi so it's a good thing that girl saved me but I'm not going to tell her that. I can tell she's not the type of girl to fall for guy just because he's famous so I'll have to work harder to get her to like me. I still don't know her name. Chloe's Pov. Channing's definitely a hot guy but if he thinks I'll for him because he's famous he's got another thing coming. I was about to refill the machine when… Channing: Guess who? Me: You weren't supposed to come until 3. Channing: I decided to come early besides doesn't look like anyone's here anyway. By the way you didn't give me your name? Me: It's Chloe, Chloe Anderson. Channing: What a nice name for a horrible person. Me: Ha, Ha, Ha! Where are we going to lunch? Channing: To that place Bernie's. Me: Wow such a classy place. (Sarcastic comment) Channing's Pov. Chloe seems cool but I want to know more about her. Chloe: So what do you want to know about me? Me: Hobbies, where, you grew up etc. Chloe: Um, I'm 5\"1, blue eyes, and I'm a brunette. I grew up in a small town in Florida with my dad. My mom died in a car crash when I was 4. I used to draw but got into writing and moved here to become a journalist and I like boys. Me: you like boys so you like me? Chloe: Um, maybe a little. ;) *Blush* Me: I grew up in a small town in Mississippi with both parents. I played football and got a scholar ship but didn't accept it. Got discovered by a modeling agency and tried out for a few acting auditions that worked out. Everything was fine until we got swarmed by paparazzi and I had to take her home. Chloe: Thanks for taking me home maybe we should go to the beach tom. Me: Sure, I'd like that. (Kiss on the check) Chloe's Pov. I went into the shower and put on my p.j.s thinking about what our day at the beach would be like Channing was actually a gentlemen. In the morning I decided to put on my jade green bikini Iook best in that one. *Door bell* Channing: Hey, are you ready to go? Me: Yeah just let me grab my water bottle. Channing's Pov. Chloe looked really good in her bikini but when we got there she wouldn't even go near the water. Me: come on you have to get in the water Chloe: No I'm good. Me: I picked her up and said well you're going to anyway! Chloe:Ch-Channing put me down! Me: whatever you say and threw her in the water Chloe: Oh my god that's not fair! Me: yeah it is, your soaked. Chloe's Pov. His shirt was off and it was getting to me and he knew it. Channing: You like what you see? Me: What uh no! *Blush*, after we went to Ivangolos. I liked the restaurant the walls were a nice turquoise color there were little dim lit lights on each table and you could smell the faint aroma of spaghetti and lasagna in air. After we ordered our meal I asked him if he took every girl there. Channing: No just the ones I like. Looks beautiful. Me: The view is great. Channing: I meant you. Me: Oh right thanks.*Blush* afterwards and he had to take me home. Me: I was about to was inside when I looked up at his sort green eye and our lips met it was like fireworks. Heck it was fire works! Me: goodnight channing Channing: goodnight Chloe ","Summary":" Not a Normal Moment This is how I went from being a star bucks barista in L.A. to being in every ma"},{"Movie":"Dear John","Title":"Turn Around","Author":"butimbroken","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9459975","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Don't Own. Why didn't you come back to me I'll give you whatever you want Turn around and you will find I needed you all the way now If you don't mind Most days, Savannah found that she could ignore how much she hated herself for the choices that she had made. Life had a way of keeping her busy now, keeping her mind off of John. She was finishing school, taking care of her increasingly sick husband, caring for her step-son as well. There had been the adventure with Horse Sense, which hadn't worked out, but she still had the stable to tend to. Days were easier. Things went on to keep her mind off of the man who still owned her heart. She could forget for awhile. Nights, however, they were a different story. She always found herself up at night, thinking of her long lost soldier. It did't matter how long she had been awake, how tired she was. It didn't matter if she were in her own bed, or not. It didn't matter if Tim was curled up beside her. Her last thoughts before finally drifting to sleep were always of him. Savannah didn't regret her decision, not in the traditional sense anyway. But she wasn't happy with how things had panned out either. She hated how it all happened, hated having hurt both herself and her ex. She hated how much she still loved him. She'd cry herself to sleep praying she could feel the same for her husband, to give him what he deserves... not a wife pining for another man in her heart. It never seemed to work, though. On nights the moon was full, Savannah found life as it were nearly impossible to deal with. When her husband and son were fast asleep, she hunted down her box of letters. Savannah would pull one or two out at random then go out to the porch to re-live some of her not-so-distant history. There her mind could wander. She could remember him, remember them together. She could imagine all the what ifs. Savannah would wonder where John was tonight, and if he was safe. ","Summary":" Don't Own. Why didn't you come back to me I'll give you whatever you want Turn around and you will "},{"Movie":"Dear John","Title":"Love at first sight","Author":"tbc91011","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6615924","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: Hope you enjoy. :D Disclaimer: I don't own anything except for the story plot. It was a beautiful summer day in Los Angeles and Savannah decided to take a walk along the beach. As she was walking along she saw a surfer that looked oddly familiar. So she stopped and waited till he got out of the water so she could see who he was. When he did she took one look at his face and knew two things instantly. 1.) She had never seen this man in her life and 2.)That she just fell in love. Savannah had never really believed in love at first sight but she was sure that this was it. He was gorgeous. From his blond hair to his soft gentle eyes to the way it seemed that his mouth was permanently curved into a little smirk. She was just standing there, staring at him with her jaw wide open when he saw her. Savannah's feelings were entirely mutual. Except that John didn't just stand there staring, he walked right up to her, smiled, and introduced himself. \"Hey. I'm John Tyree. It's nice to meet you.\" \"Um. Hi. I'm Savannah Curtis.\" \"I saw you staring over there and thought I'd say hi.\" John says with a smirk. Savannah blushes. \"Oh. Um. You saw that? Uh. I thought I recognized you from somewhere…\" \"And? Did you?\" \"No. It was a mistake. Sry to bother you.\" \"No. No. No. It was not a mistake. It was fate. Come. I know a small party we can go to. If you're up to it of course. What do you say? Can you stand my unfamiliar presence for a few hours?\" John says with a smile. \"Uh, sure. I'd love to. Let me just get my jacket from the car.\" \"I'll walk you there.\" \"Thank you but I'm sure I'll be fine. You don't need to do that.\" \"It's no problem. I'd love to.\" He said that right before he landed on the ground and was punched in the face… Author's note: Reviews make chapter 2 come faster! :D ","Summary":" Chapter 1: Hope you enjoy. :D Disclaimer: I don't own anything except for the story plot. It was a "},{"Movie":"Dear John","Title":"Do you remember?","Author":"HannerzBananerz12","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6605148","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Do you remember? Do you remember when we were small and played together? I do. Do you remember when you almost kissed me? I do. Do you remember when I taught you to dance? I do. Do you remember how we were always there for each other? I do. Do you remember how you felt about me? I do. Do you remember when I left? I do. Do you remember the moment I messed up? I do. Do you remember missing me? I do. Do you think you loved me? I do. Do you wish we were still together? I do. Do you wish things had gone differently? I do Do you still think about me? I do. Do you dream about me? I do. Do you play those years over and over in your mind? I do. Do you think about what it would have been like if I hadn't left? I do. Do you feel sad when you hear my name? I do. Do you feel like a piece of you is missing? I do. Do you feel like no one can truly understand what you are going through? I do. Do you feel like you need to fix things, but don't know how? I do. Do you feel nervous when you hear about me? I do. Did you feel like you were going to break in half when you heard that I was hurt or sick? I did. Do you think that we could changes things? I do. Do you defend me if someone says something bad about me? I do. Do you think that I am still your girl? I do. Do you want to see me? I do. Do you remember me? I do. ","Summary":" Do you remember? Do you remember when we were small and played together? I do. Do you remember when"},{"Movie":"Dear John","Title":"All I Wanted","Author":"fortheloveofwritingg","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6352828","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dear John: Part 1 – All I Ever Wanted How do you stand up and look at someone? How do you sit across from the table trying to have small talk? How do you shake their hand? More importantly, how do you do all this, when all you really want to do after so long, is hold them in your arms again; have their lips meet yours and never have a need to stop. How do you smile, when you the only thing ever worth having, is not yours anymore? Well that's how I felt about Savannah. That's how I felt when I finally got the guts to go to her house before I had to go back. She's married, I kept telling myself, it's pointless . She's moved on, John, and you're only going to prove how much she hurt you. Pain. I thought again of when I got shot, and about my father. She's the only one you really have left. She's the only thing, that can make you happy. And that last thing, was what made me go. I knew, as well as anyone else did, that I had to go see her – husband, or not. And that's where I was now: at what I knew to be Savannah's parents' house. We were sitting in silence across the table from each other, as the quiet gnawed at me. I wanted to do so much all at once – shout at her for getting married, comfort her for any sadness I made her feel and hold her in my arms again. Just one more time, and I'd feel like I could make it for another month. It was clearer to me now, now that I was sitting face to face with her for the first time in years; I still loved Savannah. And before I knew it, all the hurt rushed back to me, as I remembered getting that last letter. \"Why didn't you call me? Did you think that little of me, that you couldn't even give me more of an explanation that just…that letter? Couldn't you have given me at least one chance to change your mind?\" I cried. She couldn't even meet my gaze, but she began shaking her head slowly. \"I couldn't,\" she whispered. And as she poured her heart out to me, I heard all the pain and sadness in her voice, and the only thing I wanted to do at that moment, was to protect and comfort her; remove every bit of sorrow and make her feel as happy as she did in those first two weeks we spent together when we first met. I put my arms around her, breathing her in, and happiness filled every inch of my body, as the gap between us I'd wanted to fill for how many years now was finally closed. She was in my arms again, and as I felt her grip as tight as mine, I knew she'd longed for this moment as much as I had. Somewhere inside her she wished she hadn't gotten married; and somewhere inside me, I wished I'd never left. Her tears soaked into my shirt and I wanted only to hear her laugh, and to see her smile again. Savannah, was everything to me. ","Summary":" Dear John: Part 1 – All I Ever Wanted How do you stand up and look at someone? How do you sit acros"},{"Movie":"Dear John","Title":"Still holding on","Author":"Roxann1472","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6949336","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters in this fic… but wish I could own or be with channing tatum…..muy caliente! Summary: After losing Alan in a terrible car accident, Savannah reevaluates her life with John. Still Holding on Dear John Today's Christmas and I made your favorite… lasagna. A lot has happen John Since I last saw you. Your father finally came out of his house and moved in with me, but I still feel lonely after Alan passed. I wish you were here to hold me, the house feels cold and empty of life. John I know your heart is with the army but you also promised it was with me too. I feel so alone all the time and I cry myself to sleep. The other night, I went and visited Randy. John please don't be too upset with me but he made me come to life again. The way he held and comforted me, made me realize that as long as you are committed to the army, I will be committed to him. Don't get me wrong, I love you and only you. This is just a phase…something I must do to keep me sane and push the thoughts of suicide out my mind. Randy actually reminded me of you when we first kissed. He was the perfect gentlemen. Slowly he disrobed me and laid me on a bed of royal silks. It was the best I felt in a long time. His hands felt experienced sliding across my breast, messaging them gentle. The sound of his moans reminded me of your deep voice that always arouses me. And before I knew it, I was looking at your face, kissing your lips, and silently screaming your name. Wishing that he would take me to a level of ecstasy that only you can take me. Tugging on his waist harder, I wanted him to move deeper and faster. Streams of tears ran down my face as I finally reached my climax and collapsed on his shoulder. Baby I know it was the wrong thing to do but know that I love you and want you to come home to meet a new face. Love, Savannah P.S I had a baby John. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters in this fic… but wish I could own or be with channin"},{"Movie":"Dear John","Title":"I Still love You","Author":"JustBreathe4799","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6101431","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Savannah stood in the backyard, the moon illuminating the sky. It was her and John's time. They'd made a pact to watch the first full moon of the month, and even though John was on the other side of the world watching, she felt connected to him somehow. As she gazed at the bright, white orb, a sudden wind shook her and she came out of her trance. John wasn't watching, and she knew it. He was probably off in a tent somewhere reading the latest Stephen King novel. A tear trickled down her face as the realization came to her, and she closed her eyes, trying to hold on to the lingering memories of John. His crew cut, his tattoos, the way she felt when she held him. The bad ones came back to her too though. The countless fights they'd had, and that fateful day that would never escape her memory. The day that John said goodbye. Those memories would suffocate her forever. She had just gotten out of her car and was heading to the hospital, instinct telling her that John would be there visiting Tim, when she saw John approaching her. \" John,\" she called out to him, breathless, the neediness in her voice evident. John's body went rigid, and he gave her a stare that was both warm and icy, a stare that sent shivers down her spine. \" You left without saying goodbye last night,\" she added. \" I know,\" he said, voice barely audible, avoiding her eyes. She knew why he had left. In was not only Alan's reaction after visiting Tim, it was her visiting the topic of their non-existent relationship. \" How did you know I was here?\" John asked her quizzically. \" I went by the hotel and they told me you checked out. I saw your car when I pulled up and decided to wait for you and say goodbye before you took off,\" she began, nervousness rising. \" Did you visit Tim?\" \" Yes. He seems to be doing better, thinks he'll be getting out today.\" \" That's good. Were you going to say goodbye?\" She asked him, knowing the pain was evident on her face. \" I don't know,\" he answered blankly. Even though he had said he didn't know, she knew he had never planned on saying goodbye. \" So this is it? Goodbye?\" she asked, swallowing the lump in her throat. \" Yes,\" he told her, voice emotionless. \" Can I write you?\" she pleaded with him. \" I'm not sure that's a good idea,\" he began, avoiding her glare. \"Tim's a great man, Savannah. He's going to get better and I know it. He deserves someone as great as you. What we had, it was great, but it ended a long time ago. You're married to Tim now, and nothing can happen between us.\" \" Will I ever see you again?\" she asked him, tears streaming from her eyes. \" I hope we don't,\" he told her painfully, finally bringing himself to look at her. \" How can you say that?\" She breathed angrily. \" Because it means Tim will survive and get better. And Tim's your husband and he needs you. There's no room for me anymore and there shouldn't be.\" Savannah began to sob. \" I love you, Savannah. You were the best thing that ever happened to me, and I'l never forget you. You were my best friend, and I never regret anything that happened between us. You'll always be the bet part of me.\" John leaned in and kissed Savannah on the lips. \" Goodbye, Savannah,\" he whispered in her ear. \" I love you too, John,\" she sighed, still crying. And with that John got in the car and drove away forever. That was nearly a year ago. She never wrote John or attempted any type of communication with him, but he was always in her thoughts. She would check the obituaries and new everyday for updates on death and the war. John was alive, and she refused to believe anything else. Blinded by moonlight, Savannah felt a drop of rain fall on her forehead. Heading inside, she opened the back door, took one last look at the disappearing moon and whispered, \"I love you too, John.\" ","Summary":" Savannah stood in the backyard, the moon illuminating the sky. It was her and John's time. They'd m"},{"Movie":"Dear John","Title":"Please John","Author":"chungui","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6329685","Passage":"[Chapter 1] As John and Savannah looked at each other, Savannah ran out and hugged John as tight as she could. It had been years since they had last seen each other. Tim was dead, Mr. Tyree, John's father was dead and the two of them were all alone. Sure, Savannah had Alan, her step-son but, it wasn't the same. They had nowhere to go. No idea where to go. The memory of each other and what they had was still fresh in their minds. As they hugged, Savannah whispered, \"Now we're together\" John was silent. He didn't know what to think. The pain of her leaving him in a letter while he was in war was still in his mind but, his love for her was also still there. It had been years since they'd met but, they had loved each other from the beginning. John invited Savannah over for dinner that night. He wanted to know where they were in life. He wanted to find himself and find her again. Alan would be left alone to study and Savannah would come by herself. The door knocked. John nervously opened it. There was something about Savannah that John was scared of; he'd always been scared of her for some reason. It wasn't a scared as walk another scared but a scared as though he needed to discover him. However, as every thought went through his head, he saw nothing. No one was at the door. He closed the door. Just as he turned to walk away, the door knocked again. There he saw it. It was Savannah. She said, \"Sorry. Parked down the street and I left something there.\" John had no idea what to say so, he didn't say anything. All he did was welcome her. They were about to sit down on the couch when Savannah grabbed John's hand. It had been nearly an hour since she'd been there and barely a word had been spoken. Savannah lead John's hand up to her face and rubbed his hand gently against her face. John looked her in the eyes and all he said was, \"That was then...this is now.\" He pulled away; even thought it hurt him to do so. She looked away while tears flooded her eyes. She knew she had to be strong so, she put on a good face. They sat down on the couch. He was on one side and she sat right beside him. John liked the way it felt when she was next to him but, he didn't know if he could take another heartbreak from someone he loved so much. They continued to watch TV for another hour. \"DING!\" The sound of the timer told John that the lasagna was ready. John smiled a tiny smile as he realized that it was Sunday and every Sunday, his father would make lasagna. He also felt a presence around him. He saw Savannah walking towards him. She put a gentle hand on his shoulder and whispered, \"It's Sunday. I know. It's lasagna.\" Something clicked then. John knew that Savannah had a closer relationship with his father than he ever had and the fact that she remembered that touched him. He turned around, grabbed Savannah's waist, pulled her in closer and kissed her. They kissed again. It was gentle and exactly the way they both remembered it. Then, John pulled out the lasagna and set it on the table. They both ate in silence until John let out a little cough. Savannah had an urge to talk to him. Besides kissing and hello, not much else had been said. Savannah spoke up and said, \"So, how's work? What are you even doing these days\" She made sure she said it in a soft, gentle tone so, he wouldn't get potentially angry. He replied, \"Well, currently, I'm working with House for Homeless. We build houses for people's houses that have lost their house due to storms.\" Savannah remembered all that time ago when they'd first met. She told him about when she was building the house for the family that was hit by the hurricane. She remembered that that's where they'd first kissed. It hurt her so much that she knew nothing about him now. \"What have you been up to?\" John asked Savannah. She replied, \"Well, Alan is in school. He's doing well. He's 14 now. I'm not doing much. Just working at a restaurant, trying to help Alan and pay the bills at the same time. So, you seeing anyone?\" \"Nah. I'm saving up for someone special, are you?\" \"No. Not enough time and to be honest, I can't get you out of my mind. I feel so bad for what I did to you.\" \"It was years ago.\" John walked toward Savannah's chair and took her hand as she began to cry. \"I love you, Savannah. I never stopped.\" Savannah just held onto John. Pulling him into her and just embraced the moment. The memories of him and Tim flew into her mind and she began to stand. She ran over to where she had left her guitar all those years ago. She loved how he had kept it. \"Why did you keep it?\" Her curiosity got the best of her. \"Because. I always knew you would come back.\" That had been the sweetest thing anyone had ever said to her. She picked up the guitar and began to sing... I love this place, but it's haunted; without you. My tired heart is beating so slow. Our hearts sing less than we wanted; than we wanted. Our hearts sing cuz we do not know; we do not know. To light the night. To help us grow; to help us grow. It is not said I always know. At that moment, John pulled her and kissed her. Then, they talked about anything and everything. She told him everything. They laughed and joked until they fell asleep together. Until...they woke up to the sound of a phone call. ","Summary":" As John and Savannah looked at each other, Savannah ran out and hugged John as tight as she could. "},{"Movie":"Dear John","Title":"Love is Pain Worth Dying For?","Author":"Stephy199","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7811168","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi Everyone! So this is my very first time writing a fanfic story. So this may not be one of my best chapters but I well get better as I start to get used to writing a story. So please read and review. So I can improve my writing for my future chapters and stories. Thank you Steph:) Chapter 1 Florida is the place where are all the teenagers and adults go for weeks in attempt to get away from school and work. It's a place to just spend their days on the beach tanning and relaxing. However, this summer vacation is different for two adults. Jenn, a twenty-one year old dirty blond with light brown streaks up to her shoulder and eyes the color of the ocean, is studying at the University of Concordia for dental assisting and in her last two years of schooling. And James, a normal looking twenty-one year old has been in the military since the age of eighteen years old. He had made the choice to follow the path his father and grandfather had taken at his age. Recently he had decided to re-enlist for another two years which after that he planned to retire and hopeful settle down with someone and start a family. They both were about two days into their vacation when one day James and his friends were throwing around their football. When his friend Mitch threw the ball a little too far it had James running to catch it before it would hit the sand when he suddenly banged right into someone. \"I'm so sorry I wasn't watching where I was running. Are you ok?\" asked James while sticking his hand out towards the girl who just fell to the floor by his own doing. It had all happened so quickly for Jenn; one minute she was enjoying her walk on the beach and next thing she knows she was on the ground and someone was apologizing to her. She looked up and couldn't help but smile at the person. \"It's fine, don't worry. I didn't hurt myself or anything.\" Jenn said taking his out-stretched hand using it to help stand up than proceeding to brush herself off. Once the girl who he just bumped into stood up he couldn't help but notice how fit her body was and how amazing she looked in her bikini. \"Well, I'm James. I was wondering if you wanted to come and join us and after that I will treat you to a drink on me considering I bumped into you by accident.\" He spoke while smiling softly at Jenn. \"Nice to meet you James, I'm Jenn. Yea, sure I will come and join you guys.\" Jenn agreed. Placing her hair into a high ponytail and placing her sunglasses on top of her head she couldn't help but look at James body as he stood in front of her. She noticed his dog tags around his neck and acknowledging that he is in the military, serving and protecting their country. She had been able to identify the metal necklace because her father had been in the military and when he passed away when she was only two years old, he left the dog tags for her to remember who he was. They were a memento that she would cherish for the rest of her life. Once she was ready they both headed back over towards his groups of friends and started once again throwing the ball around between the four of them. They both were having a great time together when he walked over to her and smiled.\"I was wondering if you wanted to go and have a seat in the shade and we can get to know each other a little better?\"asked James, smiling softly at her.\"Ya I would love to go and sit down\"said Jenn, grabbing her bag. And they walked to a part of the beach where there was shade and not many people around. And they both sat down next to each other.\"So you here on vacation or do you live here?\"asked James,looking at her and smiling.\"I'm here on a two week vacation here from my life of a university student full time and working full time and yourself?\"asked Jenn.\"I'm also on a little two week vacation as well from being in the militar\"said James, wondering how Jenn felt about him being in the military.\"I guessed you were in the army when I first saw you today and the dog tags around your neck.\"said Jenn,smiling at him softly.\"And how did you figure that out? Not many people can?\"asked James.\"My father was in the military and he passed away when I was two years of age and he had given me his dogs tags to remember him by.\"said Jenn. \"I'm sorry to hear about your fathers passing at least you have something to rememeber him by. So what are you studying in university?\"asked James.\"Thank you. I am in my last two years of university studying to become a dental 's a hard course but I enjoy it very much. It's something I have always wanted to do when I was at a young age. So how long is your enlistement?\"asked Jenn.\"Its always nice to find something you really want to do in school and looked forwards to working in that field of work once your done school. My enlistement is for two years but I can decide to go for an extra two years if I want to but I don't think I want to considering I'm twenty-one and I well want to start settling at the age of 23. They talked for the rest of the afternoon in the shade,talking about their childhoods,where they lived for most of their life, and much other stuff people would talk about when getting to know each other.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 It has been a week since they had met each other on the beach on their very first day of vacation, and ever since then they had spent every day together getting to know each other even more in depth. In two weeks' time their vacations would be over with James heading back to the military and Jenn back to her real life. While long distance relationships were hard work both members were willing to put their heart on the line and risk it. Jenn was currently on her outside balcony looking out as the sunset settled behind the skies loving how the sky changed to an orange and yellow color as the sunset. She smiled as she felt someone hands go around her waist and her back go against a muscular chest; of course without speaking a word she knew who it was. \"Hi.\" Jenn spoke while she twisted in his arms to look into his eyes. \"Hi, how do you already know it's me without me even saying a word?\" James chuckles while leaning down to give her a kiss on the cheek. \"Who else could come into my hotel room and do that? I have yet to meet anyone else here except for you.\" She returned the soft whisper of a kiss. \"Yes that is right; I have kept you to myself for the last week.\" He couldn't believe how only after a week how close he and Jenn behaved as though they had known each other for decades. A bonus to their flourishing relationship was that James founds himself sitting in mere silence with her and neither being bored with it. However he knew that in one week he would be returning to his base and secretly hoped they would be able to stay together through the distance. James smiled at Jenn, \"So what would you like to do tonight?'' His hands making circles on her lower back while he waited for a reply. \"I was thinking about just spending the night in watching movies and relaxing, is that ok with you?\" Jenn double checked while unable to keep the smile off of her face. \"Yea that sounds good to me. As long as we are spending time together I am okay with anything.\" James wrapped his arms tightly around her waist and with ease lifted her up and carried her to the bed before setting her down softly. Jenn smiled up at him on her spot from the bed and got under the covers immediately patting the spot next to her for James to join. With their arms circling each other they spent the remainder of the evening under the blankets, watching movies. The remaining week flew by only to find it the morning that Jenn returned to University and James boarded his plane back to his base. Of course they had wished the day didn't come as quickly as it had but it was the inevitable. The past two weeks they had grown so close together and started their relationship only after a week of meeting each other while they knew it was quick they both also understand and accepted that it felt right. They both were standing in the airport looking at each other not saying a single word to each other not knowing what to say. James was dressed in his blues, crisp and pressed; both heard the announcement of the flight for James being called. James looked into Jenn's eyes and pulled her to his chest. \"Don't say goodbye James, just see you later.\" Jenn whispered taking in his scent as she hugged him back, knowing she would not inhale that smell for quite a while. \"I won't say it, but I well make sure the first chance I get I well email or even call you to tell you I'm ok and safe. Promise.\" He lifted her face with his finger to bring her closer to his before placing a loving kiss on her lips. They stayed like that for a few minutes and James pulled away and kissed her cheek softly.'' I have to go but I well contact you soon.\" He removed his arms from around her waist and wiping away at the tears cascading down his love's face. Jenn stood there as James talked not able to get any words out of her mouth knowing she would start crying if she did. \"I will be waiting for your calls and emails. Just be safe, please.\" She spoke through a constricted throat. ''I promise I will.\" He gave her one last hug and stared into her eyes once more before walking away. Jenn stood there watching as James walked away and through the gate to his plane, knowing she had no clue when she would see him again. Jenn had never though she would ever meet someone like James on vacation and fall in love with him so quickly, she just wished that they had a bit more time together to spend together. ","Summary":" Hi Everyone! So this is my very first time writing a fanfic story. So this may not be one of my bes"},{"Movie":"Dear John","Title":"Dear john- A little suprise","Author":"filmloverxo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9049700","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dear John fanfiction- What if there was more to the story after John left after his and Savannah's *last night*? What if he left her a surprise that would change both of their lives forever... Leaving Savannah p.o.v As I clung to John's shoulders, head burrowed into his neck, tears poured relentlessly from my eyes. He was going back to war for another tour. I'd thought that he'd finished but he didn't want to let his friends down by being the only one not to go back. I felt his tears mingling with my own as another sob wracked my body. I glanced at the clock behind him. 2.35. The final call for his flight would be in 10 minutes. I extracted myself from John's uniform covered body and pushed him away \"Go, or you'll miss your flight.\" I commanded. He wiped his eyes and pulled me in for one last kiss muttering \"I'll see you soon then\" before walking into his terminal. I smiled and waved until I couldn't see him anymore. I turned and walked to my car and drove around the corner. Stepping on the break my body slumped over the steering wheel and I let my barely contained misery take over me. John p.o.v 'I mustn't cry. I mustn't cry. I MUST NOT CRY.' The mental preparation for leaving left my mind as soon as it was time to say goodbye. One look at Savannah's face and I completely broke down. It felt like I hugged her for an eternity when we finally broke apart. Embarrassed, I wiped my eyes until I caught sight of her tear streaked face and pulled her in for one final kiss. I whispered, \"I'll see you soon then\" and walked into my terminal. As I rounded the corner I made a turn for the toilets to at least have a small amount of privacy when the tears started flowing. A.N. So this is my first ever fic on this website as I had trouble starting up! I'd love to hear your thoughts and I am sorry for the slow start. I just want to make sure it uploads ok before I upload too much. Next chapter... The visit. Byeee J[Chapter 2] A.N Hope you liked the first chapter! Sorry but this is another shortish chapter!- I think that's how it's going to be, lots of short chapters! That is if I get enough reviews tho ;) The Visit John P.O.V Walking up to the line for the showers, a poster caught my eye. EDUCATORS WANTED. Soliders needed to visit universities to get new recruits! Shall be going to Carolina. That's where Savannah lived! Didn't she go to the University of North Carolina? I rushed forwards and grabbed a slip before quickly filling it in. I contemplated writing her a letter but I wanted it to be a surprise. Savannah here I come... Savannah P.O.V I hadn't had a letter from John in over 3 weeks and I was beginning to feel desperate. I pulled out a sheet of paper and began hastily scrawling a letter. I was so engrossed in writing my letter that I walked into the care taker who was putting up the announcements. I raised my eyes long enough to apologise when the announcement made me blink. Soldiers visiting. John? No don't be silly Savannah. You're just missing him, of course he's not visiting! He's probably thousands of miles away! Irritated with my imagination I stormed into my next lesson. John P.O.V I stood in the corridor outside room M9. This was Savannahs class. I had been so excited to see her but now doubt was settling in. What if she'd moved on or had another boyfriend whilst I was away? What if she wasn't happy to see me? My best friend Joe ( A.N- I didn't know any of his friends names so I made it up) patted me on the back and strode into the classroom. Ok. Time to face the light. Here goes... Savannah P.O.V As we waited for the arrival of the soldiers I doodled mine and John's name on my notepad. I missed him so much! It felt like I was being split in half. The heavy clunk of boots made me raise my eyes. A tall dark man walked in and his eyes swept the room. It seemed as if they settled on me but I shrugged it off. I was disappointed that it wasn't John and annoyed at myself for getting my hopes up. Sighing, I put my notepad away under my desk. A second set of boots made me raise my head. Tall, brown hair, the most gorgeous eyes I'd ever seen... John. John P.O.V She was sat in the back row. I could tell she hadn't recognised me yet but all doubts left my mind. My lips broke into a huge grin and I saw a similar one reflected on her face. She scraped her chair back and literally sprinted towards me. I extended my arms and caught her mid bound. She wrapped her legs around my middle and sunk her hands into my hair. I buried my face in her sweet smelling shoulder and stroked her cascading blonde locks. I heard a few throat clearings and wolf whistles from the class but I didn't care. I was home. Savannah P.O.V Happy tears flowed from my eyes and I broke into a round of joyous giggles. I unwrapped my legs from John but kept my eyes locked with his. My bubble of happiness was abruptly broken when I heard the mutterings from the class \"Slut, going for a stranger just because he was wearing a uniform. Hope he punches her face in.\" I whipped around to the guy who had made the stranger comment. \"He is not a stranger! This is John.\" At those words another round of mutterings broke out but this time I was pleased \"That's John!? No way he's adorable! I am so jealous. She wasn't lying... or exaggerating for that matter\" I grabbed hold of Johns hand and pulled him out of the class room after calling to my teacher \"I'll be back after Johns gone! Bye!\" I knew I would get into trouble but at that moment I couldn't care less. John was here. A.N- bit of mush! The story will really start in the next few chapters! Please review J ","Summary":" Dear John fanfiction- What if there was more to the story after John left after his and Savannah's "},{"Movie":"Dear John","Title":"I'm Always There If You Need Me","Author":"ViCtOrIoUsGaL41822","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6229957","Passage":"[Chapter 1] John had barely been awake when the loud ring of the phone echoed through the house. He slowly lifted his head at a alight tilt to glance at his clock. 8 a.m. Damn, who would be calling him this early? John rose from his bed and morning stiffness flew through his body as he made his way to the kitchen. The phone was working on its 6th ring when he answered it. \"Hello?\" He said with a slight groan in his sleepy voice. \"John?\" A sickly whisper came from the opposite end. John had suddenly become much more awake. \"Savannah?\" he replied, leaning against the counter. Why was she calling him? A cough came out of Savannah before she spoke. \"John, I'm so sorry that I have to ask you this. I wouldn't have called if Tim was home, but he's still in the hospital…\" More coughs flew out of her of her mouth as she spoke, making it difficult for John to understand her. She sounded really sick. He knew that much. John clutched the receiver in his hand. \"Savannah, do you…do you need me to come over?\" He said, almost regretting the words that came out of his mouth. He heard Savannah let out a sigh. \"Would you?\" I really shouldn't be asking this of you but I can't-\" John interrupted her. \"No no. it's alright. I'll be right there,\" \"Thank you John,\" Savannah said quietly. John waited a second then hung up the phone, placing it gently on the counter. Savannah was sick, and she wanted him to take care of her. Or at least, that was the impression he got. He was supposed to leave at noon for a 2 o'clock flight back to Germany, but Savannah needed him. John went back to his room. Opening the curtains to one of his windows, he saw rain dripping off it. Turning back to his closet, he quickly pulled on a pair of ragged jeans and a white t-shirt. On his way out of his room, he pulled a navy blue sweatshirt from a hook and shrugged it on his shoulders. He stepped into the bathroom and stared at his reflection. His hair was whipped up to one side and small bags were under his eye lids. He quickly brushed his teeth and ran a wet comb through his hair. John grabbed an apple along with his keys on his way out the door. \"Awh shit he said as rain poured on top of his head. He pulled his hood up and strode over to his car. He quickly started the engine and then made his way through the rain to Savannah's house. Half an hour later, John stood on Savannah's porch soaking wet. He had knocked four times and no one had answered. He winced as a flash of lighting and thunder surrounded the sky. In the distance he could hear horses whining with fear. John grasped the door knob and turned it, surprised that it was unlocked. \"Savannah?\" He called as he stepped into the house. No answer. He wiped his feet on the welcome mat and slid his hood off. \"Savannah?\" He called again and then wandered the house. When he reached the kitchen he saw her. Savannah was sprawled across the kitchen floor, unconscious. The home phone lay next to her, barely brushing along her fingertips. \"Oh god Savannah!\" John yelled as he rushed to her. He kneeled on the floor and took her limp body in his arms. \"Savannah, can you hear me? Savannah!\" He shouted, shaking her gently. \"Please Savannah. Don't do this to me,\" She was so pale. He stroked her cheek gently. It was boiling hot. John slowly rose to her feet and carried Savannah to the living room. He laid her gently on the couch and took off his sweatshirt and wrapped it around her. He quickly retreated to the bathroom and came back with a cold wash cloth. Sitting on top of the coffee table, he gently placed it on her forehead. \"There you go. That should help,\" he twisted his fingers in hers and tilted his head down. A few minutes later, he felt her stir. \"John?\" Savannah moaned quietly. Her eyelids fluttered then she fixed her gaze on him. John sighed and smiled. \"Thank god. Are you ok?\" He took the cloth off her head and set it beside him. Savannah lifted a weak hand to her face. \"Oh, my head,\" She gazed around at her surroundings. \"How did I get over here? Last time I remember…I was in the kitchen,\" \"I carried you here. You were passed out cold on the floor,\" John explained. \"Oh god,\" She muttered then met his gaze. \"Thank you, John. This really means a lot to me. You really didn't-\" \"Hey, it's not big deal. I'm here, and I'm gonna' help you get through this,\" He smiled and gently stroked her cheek with his finger. He knew he shouldn't be doing this, but it just felt so good to be around her again. Savannah smiled weakly and closed her eyes. It felt good for her too. \"Can I get you anything?\" He asked. \"A glass of water would be nice. I'm just so tired,\" Savannah said, followed by a cough. John stood up. \"I'll be right back then,\" He said then left the room. A/N: sorry that it's so short but I had to have some kind of start. Chapters will be longer in the future![Chapter 2] A/N: Guys, I am soooo sorry I haven't posted anything in a while. I have been realllly busy and I suffered from a really bad case of writer's block and couldn't come up with anything good :/ Well, I hope you like this piece! When John returned, Savannah was gone. \"Savannah?\" He set the glass of water down on the table and walked down the hall. He saw the silhouette of the bathroom light against the wall. When he got closer, he heard a loud gagging noise. \"Savannah?\" He gently pushed the door opened and saw her hurling into the toilet. John quickly knelt beside her and gathered her blonde curls in his fists. He gently rubbed her back. \"Shh it's ok. Easy,\" He whispered soothingly. Once Savannah could breath, she slowly lifted her head up. \"I'm sorry…\" She chocked. John let out a soft laugh and handed her a piece of tissue. \"Hey, don't worry about it. This is what I'm here for. Now let's go get you warm,\" He said and lifted her trembling body off the floor. Savannah curled her fingers in his and leaned against him as he led her to her bedroom. \"Thank you,\" She said quietly. John sighed. \"How many times are you going to say that?\" Savannah smiled, her eyes closed. She knew he was joking. \"A decent your welcome would be nice,\" She said and looked up at him. John stopped when they reached the entrance to her room. \"You're welcome,\" He said with a smile. Savannah let go of his hand and stumbled into her room, sprawling herself across her bed, without giving him a second glance. John stood in the doorway, watching her until he saw the heavy rising and falling of her chest. She was asleep. He wanted nothing more then to crawl into that bed and wrap his arms around her, pressing her cold body against his. Somehow, he knew a part of her wanted it too. He began to back out of the room, slowly closing the door behind him. As he trudged back to the living room, John could feel small tears form in his eyes. Looking around at the house, he knew he shouldn't have agreed to come here. It was too painful for him. Knowing that Savannah had been living here with another man made John's heart want to leap out of his chest and run away screaming. Was Savannah playing some kind of joke on him? She had friends in town that could have taken care of her, or she could have even called her parents. But why did she ask him? After all of these years, what could he have that he could possibly offer to her? Nothing. Absolutely nothing. He wiped the moistness from his face as he sat down. Thunder began to clash from outside, and lighting lit up the darkened house. Staring off into space, John noticed a folded up piece of paper sticking out from a pile of magazines. He knew better than to be snooping around Savannah's things, but he could help his curiosity. As he looked closer he saw his name in the cluster of Savannah's curvy handwriting. John turned his head to make sure Savannah wasn't behind him then slowly lifted the paper from the pile. He skimmed his eyes up and down the page. It was a letter; for him. Dear John, There are no words to explain how much I miss you. I thought that I could do it; I thought that I could let you go. But I can't. I think about you every second of every day. I hate myself for what I've done to you. Tim knows it too. Even though he loves me, he sees my pain and wishes that I come back to you. But John, you must understand why I did what I did. Tim…he's always been there for me. He looked out for me, comforted me; and I just couldn't leave him alone. He says he will be okay by himself and that I need you. And that you also need me. The truth is John, I do need you. You make me feel whole and complete. Not a day goes bye that I don't worry about you and if you're safe. I pray every day that you'll come home safely. I pray even harder that you'll forgive me one day. Yes, my darling Savannah, of course I forgive you. John felt the letter tremble in his hands as read it, tears streaming down his face. All of his questions had been answered. Yes, Savannah still loved him. I know I did a terrible thing to you John. Despite everything that's happened and all of the apologies I could make, I still hurt you. And I can never take it back. That's what pains me the most. Although I now know who I really belong with and at this point I think you know too. I can't- \"What are you doing?\" Savannah's voice came from behind him. John threw the letter back on the table and tossed a magazine on top of it. He stood up and flattened his shirt. \"Umm nothing. Nothing,\" He stuttered. \"Everything alright? How are you feeling?\" \"Fine,\" She muttered and took a small step towards him, glancing at the table with her eyebrows creased. \"What were you reading just now?\" she pointed a finger towards the pile. John looked from the table to her confused gaze. \"Oh, just some magazine,\" He said with a shrug. Savannah looked up at him with a glare. \"That's not what I saw John,\" She crossed her arms. John rubbed his hand on the back of his neck, thinking of how to avoid telling her. Finally, he let out a sigh. \"You wouldn't be very happy if I told you,\" He said then met her gaze. Savannah raised her eyebrow then looked back down at the pile. She glanced back up at John who said nothing then bent over the couch, grabbing the paper from underneath the magazine. Her eyes widened as she recognized it. \"You…You read this?\" John nodded when she looked back at him. \"I'm so sorry Savannah. I shouldn't have. It wasn't my business,\" To John's surprise, Savannah chuckled softly. \"Actually, it is your business. This is for you,\" She said with a gentle smile and turned the paper for him to see. John looked at her in confusion, wondering why she wasn't angry with him. Seeing the look on his face, Savannah lowered the paper and moved towards him. \"Lighten up. John I'm not upset with you. Yes I would have liked if you waited 'till the letter was finished but, it's alright. No worries,\" She locked her fingers in his and showed him a glowing smile. John knew that she was trying to avoid it as well, but he could see it in her eyes that she didn't have the energy or the will power to do it. Those eyes; those beautiful, breath taking blue eyes that always made John's heart race. If Savannah's eyes were an ocean, he would have been lost in them forever, never able to return. Without realizing it, John slowly raised his hand and grazed it across Savannah's cheek. He traced the dark circles under her eyes then slid his thumb down her cheekbone. Her skin was as soft and delicate as a rose petal. \"I miss you,\" He whispered. Savannah closed her eyes and leaned into his palm. \"I miss you too,\" She finally said. John couldn't take it anymore. His desire and need for her was just too much for him to bear. He knew he was taking a big risk, but it was worth it. He needed Savannah to realize that they were meant for each other. He cupped her face in his hands and slowly began to lean towards her. Savannah grabbed his hands. \"John, wait,\" She quickly said and her body tensed up. John looked at her. \"Savannah, please. Just let me try,\" He looked at her with both love and hurt in his eyes. Savannah slowly moved his hands from her face. She shook her head. \"No, John. I can't. I'm sorry,\" She looked down as tears swelled up in her eyes. John sighed and moved away from her, leaning against the wall. For a while, they just stood there, lost in their heart-breaking thoughts. They couldn't look at one another; they couldn't speak either. Suddenly, they both jumped when the loud clash of thunder echoed throughout the room. The lights began to flicker and soon enough, the power went out. \"Damn,\" John heard Savannah mutter. He turned his head as she walked out of the room. He was about to sit down when he heard a loud BONK, followed by a groan. \"Savannah?\" He called out and followed her path. He outstretched his arms to stop himself from slamming into anything. The house was pitch black. \"Savannah? Where are you?\" He called again. \"Here,\" He heard a soft moan from below him. He bent his arms down. \"Take my hand,\" He said then the cool air around his hand was replaced by a cold, clammy grip. John clutched Savannah's hand and heaved her off the ground, pulling her close. \"Are you ok?\" He whispered. \"Yeah,\" She mumbled, leaning against him. \"Let me get you some place where you can't hurt yourself, then I'll fix the light issue,\" He chuckled then guided her to her room. Once Savannah was safely tucked away, John began to search for light. He found a few candles in a nearby closet, and a flash light in the kitchen. He made his way to the basement and checked on the generator. The fuse had burst completely and it was far from John's knowledge on how to fix it. They would just have to wait out the storm until John would be able to go find a repairman. John went back up to the main floor and quickly lit the candles, then spread them throughout the house. He approached Savannah's room and gently tapped on the door. \"Savannah?\" He said before slowly creaking the door open. He looked to see Savannah standing by the window, gazing out at the storm. When she heard him enter, Savannah turned and smiled at him. \"This happens a lot,\" She chuckled. John grinned. \"No kidding. Well, your generator's fuse is blown out,\" Savannah shrugged. \"We've got another one,\" She paused and stared at him. \"But I think I like being in the dark for a while,\" John smiled. \"Me too. What'd you say we hang out in the living room and I can tell you a bedtime story?\" He said with a wink. Savannah beamed and walked towards him. \"I'd like that,\" She took his hand in hers. John looked down at their locked fingers then back up at her. \"You know, you still scare me Savannah Curtis,\" He reached and pushed a strand of her hair away from her face. \"And you don't scare me at all John Tyree,\" She said with a sly grin and moved closer to him, close enough for John to feel her breath on him. John was utterly confused. He could feel himself getting angry with Savannah. He knew she still loved him, but he also knew that she was still loyal to her marriage to Tim. But John didn't want to push it, because every moment with Savannah was precious, and he didn't want to take advantage of it. Twenty minutes later, John was sitting across from Savannah who was wrapped in a blanket on the couch. They were laughing and munching on crackers as John was telling her of one of his missions in Thailand. But soon enough, Savannah had fallen asleep. John just sat there, staring at her. Even from his distance he could see her boy trembling, and also the sweat beating down her face. John was no doctor, but he wasn't stupid either. He rose from the couch and strode into the kitchen. He retrieved a wet wash cloth, some aspirin, and Savannah's water glass. When he came back to Savannah, he sat on the coffee table and gently applied the cloth to her forehead. He placed the pill and water beside him then slowly lifted her into his arms. At his touch Savannah stirred and squirmed a bit in his grasp. \"What's happening?\" She muttered and looked around sleepily. \"Shh, it's alright. I'm just warming you up. Go back to sleep,\" John said soothingly and sat down on the couch. Savannah sighed with relief and smiled at him before closing her eyes and cuddling into his chest. John smiled and kissed the top of her head gently. He leaned back against the couch and combed his fingers through her hair. He then closed his eyes; hearing nothing except the rolling thunder and dripping of the rain; he felt nothing except for Savannah's body pressed against his. John tried to enjoy this moment; he knew he would probably never have anything like this again. Savannah would truly never be his again, but all he could do was pretend. At this point, pretending was good enough for him. A/N: Ehh, I don't know how much I like this one…but tell me what you guys think and if you want me to write more…let me know![Chapter 3] Boy has it been a while since I've seen this and I'm so sorry! I hope you all aren't mad at me! I'm trying to be more consistent with my updates but look at where it's got me. I hope you all enjoy it and thank you all for your lovely reviews! It really keeps me going! John hadn't noticed that he had fallen asleep until he was shaken by the distant ringing of a phone. He gazed around him, looking down to see Savannah curled up against his chest. He smiled for a moment and her wondrous beauty, even in sleep when the phone interrupted his thoughts. Carefully lifting the sleeping woman and laying her back on the couch, he quickly paced to the kitchen. He picked up the phone in the middle of the fourth ring. \"Hello?\" He said, his voice more groggily than he would have assumed. \"Who is this?\" A male voice replied on the other side. Uh oh. Tim. \"This is John,\" He answered slowly. \"Is this Tim?\" I am so dead. He thought. \"Oh John!\" He felt a sigh of relief when Tim said his name happily. \"Sorry I didn't recognize you over the phone. If I may ask, what are you doing at my house? I thought you were still overseas,\" John cleared his throat. \"Uh, yeah I was. I'm on break for a few weeks,\" He began. \"But Savannah called me this morning saying she was sick and asked me to stop by,\" \"Well that's very kind of you John, thank you. I would have been there but unfortunately I've been stuck at the hospital for a few days,\" Tim explained. \"Hopefully I'll be out of here tonight or tomorrow morning and take her off your hands,\" He said the last part with a slight chuckle. John felt tension shoot through his body as he tightly clutched the phone. \"Uh yeah sure, no problem,\" He muttered. There was silence before Tim asked. \"Can I please speak to Savannah?\" John slid his palm down his pant leg, wiping the sweat from his skin. \"She's uh, sleeping. But I can have her call you when she wakes up if you want,\" He said with ease. \"I'd appreciate that. Thank you John. Have a good night,\" Tim said bluntly before hanging up. \"Yeah…you too,\" John said, setting the phone down. He leaned against the counter and folded his arms across his chest. Tomorrow. That's all he had left with Savannah, if that. He glanced out the window, staring blankly at the rain trickling down the glass. \"Was that Tim?\" John jumped, startled when he saw Savannah leaning against the wall. She looked at him with tired eyes, but also a hint of sadness. She slung the shirt tightly around her body, as a cold shiver made her teeth chatter. John nodded. \"Yeah he was just calling to see how you were,\" He said. Savannah walked towards him to pick up the phone. \"You should have let me talk to him,\" She didn't look at john as she dialed on the keypad with shaking fingers. Before he could stop himself, john gently placed his hand on top of hers, prying the phone from her grip. \"What are you doing?\" She asked warily. Saying nothing, he set the phone behind him and pulled her into his arms. She stared at him, confusion drawn on her face. He gave her a simple smile. \"John please,\" She pleaded. \"I have to-\" \"Shh,\" He whispered. \"Stop talking,\" He said before silencing her with a kiss. As soon as their lips met, John felt a rush of sudden liveliness pulse through his body. It had seemed as if he had been asleep for a long time, but now he was awake. He was home now, with her, right here he belonged. He slid his hands around her waist, wanting her as close to him. At first Savannah was startled by his act, but soon welcomed his embrace, snaking her weak arms around his neck. Everything that had been missing from her life was suddenly back, filling her with a relief she hadn't felt in ages. She forgot completely of how awful she had been feeling and the fact she was throwing up hours earlier. At this moment, it was just her and John. Their kiss was interrupted by a rumble of thunder, followed by a flash of lightning. They both jumped away from each other, smiles spread across their faces. Suddenly, Savannah's grin faded. She put her face in her hands and groaned. \"Ugh, what am I doing?\" She mumbled as she turned around and walked away from John. John let out a breath. Damn it. So close. He thought as he slowly followed her. \"Savannah, I'm sorry,\" He called to her, honesty filling his voice. \"It was stupid I shouldn't have done it,\" Savannah let out a series of sickly coughs as she sat down on the couch. She pulled the blanket around her knees before hiding her face back in her hands. John sensed she wasn't going to say anything so he sat in the large arm chair across from her. He stared at her for a few moments. \"Savannah?\" He finally said. \"Savannah, I'm sorry,\" He repeated and waited for a reply. When he received no response, he stood up. \"You know what? I'm just gonna' go,\" He said, mostly to himself as he headed for the front door. Savannah's head quickly shot up. \"No John wait!\" She spat quickly. He stopped and turned to meet her pleading gaze. \"Please. Stay,\" She whispered. John creased his eyebrows in confusion. \"Why? You have Tim,\" He said a bit more harshly than he should have. \"He's at the hospital. I can't expect him to take care of me when he's sick,\" Savannah stated. \"But you're sick too Savannah!\" He said angrily. \"You can't do this on your own,\" \"That's why I need you here,\" She said softly, followed by an angry cough. John stood there, puzzled. \"Why me? You have other people who can take care of you! So why me?\" He finally asked. Savannah shifted her position, curling her legs underneath her. She stared into the empty space, not knowing how to respond to him. \"I miss you John,\" The words echoed in the air around them, hanging like a string of cobwebs. John felt his mouth hang. \"You what?\" Savannah turned to look at him, her eyes rimmed with crystal tears. \"I miss you. More than I ever have,\" She admitted. \"I still love you,\" She finished with a slight crack in the last word. John watched as the first tear leaked from her left eye, streaming down her pale face, followed by a few more. He fought the urge to rush towards her and swipe them away with kisses. \"Savannah…\" He began. \"No, I don't need it,\" She said, standing up with a slight wobble. \"Ever since you first came here when you got back, all I've wanted was to forget everything that has ever happened between us and just take care of Tim while he still had time. But I couldn't. I can't,\" She stopped, staring at the ground. \"I can't forget about you John. I never have been and I never will,\" She said, gazing back at him. John felt a pain in his chest. \"You wanted to forget about me?\" Was all he said. Savannah choked back a laugh. \"Yes! Not having you was killing me. On some days it still does, I knew I could never have you back after what I did, so I tried to forget,\" Her voice trailed off, silent tears falling from her face. John felt his feet move towards her. When they were inches apart, he gently cupped her face in his hands, turning her so she would look at him. \"Not having you did kill me,\" He whispered and pressed a kiss on her lips before it could say any form of protest. Savannah put her hands on top of his and pried them from her face, pulling away. \"John, please don't,\" She said regretfully when she saw the pained look in his eyes. John shook his head. \"Savannah,\" He said sternly. \"I need to try,\" He kissed her again, bringing her close to him. Savannah couldn't take it anymore. She felt the desire for him burn inside her heart and her mind screaming at her to reject it. Finally, she gave in. She slung her arms around his neck, knotting her fingers in his hair and pulled herself as close to him as she could get. She kissed him with everything she had, opening her mouth and letting their tongues connect. John slid his arms down her waist and pushed her against the wall. She gasped in pain at the force on her weak body. John pulled away. \"Oh god Savannah I'm sorry. Are you ok?\" He said quickly. Savannah giggled and nodded. \"I'm fine,\" When he didn't move, she grabbed his shirt, pulling him back to her. \"Come here,\" She demanded before smashing her lips back on his. ","Summary":" John had barely been awake when the loud ring of the phone echoed through the house. He slowly lift"},{"Movie":"Mysterious Skin","Title":"Pequeños ángeles","Author":"Hessefan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5780064","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ahora entendían porque eran como eran… los habían forjado así, moldeado, magullado, marcado. Y sólo se tenían a ellos para repararse. Apoyó su mano en la cabeza, entrelazando sus dedos en la rubia cabellera. Permaneció unos cuantos minutos así… minutos, horas; no lo supo. Podía escuchar aún su llanto, contagiándolo. Y él, que creía que ya no le afectaba, que estaba más allá de todo eso, caía en la cuenta de lo vulnerable que era… de cuanto necesitaba encontrar algo de que aferrarse. Para no caer, no porque le importase hacerlo, tan sólo le aterraba la idea. Sabía, con ladina inteligencia, que era capaz de casi cualquier cosa, y esa omnipotencia no puede dar más que pavor. Sabía que no era su culpa, comprendía quizás por vez primera el daño que le había hecho. Fue como una ventana, abriéndose en su cabeza que le mostraba el mundo exterior con perfecta nitidez, un mundo feliz en el que él no tenía cabida. Debía luchar por ello, seguir haciéndolo… pero de ahora en más sin engañarse, sin creer que su vida era un lugar ideal, con sombras oscuras, pero en general lleno de días radiantes. Era una quimera. Su día a día era la peor pesadilla que cualquier ser vivo puede experimentar. Despertar, era hora de hacerlo. Volvió en sí, notando la humedad de las lágrimas sobre su falda. —Ven… —tomó a Brian entre sus brazos e intentó incorporarlo, sus mejillas quedaron unidas, aprovechó entonces para depositar un beso, espontáneo, que no tenía ningún fin claro más que el de buscar y conceder alivio. Pero el chico no dejaba de llorar, por eso siguió dejándole repetidos besos en todo su rostro—Vamos a lavarte la cara. Brian, tal vez por inercia, se dejó arrastrar, pisando a su paso los juguetes que adornaban el suelo de aquel infierno. Se dejó hacer, le permitió a Neil lavarle, sintió como era desprendido de sus lentes y la mano de él recorriendo su faz con una ternura inconmensurable, como nunca nadie, ni su padre, ni ningún otro hombre lo había tocado; de nuevo volvían a acosarlo las lágrimas pero Neil no se lo permitió, no… no lo haría. —No debes llorar —un nudo en su garganta—, no debemos. Brian entendió sin necesidad de más palabras lo que quería decirle. Ellos no tenían la culpa, ellos no debían llorar, no se merecían eso… claro que no. —Quiero… quiero que me digas donde está —alcanzó a balbucear a través de la toalla que Neil empleaba para secarlo con extrema delicadeza, como si se tratase de alguna pieza frágil de cristal. —Te dije que no sé donde está… y en tal caso ¿para qué quieres encontrarlo? —el tono de su voz fue parco pero a la vez suave. El chico rubio no le respondió, la respuesta le resultaba por demás evidente. Pero enfrentar al mismo Leviatán era algo que Neil, reconocía, era lo que menos necesitaban en ese momento. El ruido en la puerta volvió a ponerlos en alerta, pusieron sus huesos en marcha escapando a través de la misma ventana por la que habían ingresado. Brian necesitó de nuevo ayuda para hacerlo. Lo recordaron, volviendo al mundo real cayeron en la cuenta de que era Nochebuena. Qué ironía, no podía ser una noche mejor, sin lugar a dudas. Brian esbozó una media sonrisa irónica que llamó la atención de su compañero. Neil lo notó tiritar, tal vez de frío o a causa de tantos recuerdos, lo rodeó con su brazo dándole confort y calor. Sentía como, poco a poco, el hueco negro que ocupaba su corazón comenzaba a cerrarse… Brian lo sabía, era lo suficientemente listo para advertir qué clase de chico era Neil, empero ambos eran conscientes de que estaban unidos, atados por un lazo invisible, irremediable por el pasado, el secreto que ambos compartían. Neil lo amó, porque fue quién le recordó que él sólo no había sufrido, que él no se había llevado la peor parte como creía. Era su salvavidas, lo sería, no permitiría dejarlo ir. Era parte de la poca cordura que le quedaba y la razón que le daba fuerzas para seguir adelante. Neil lo amó, porque lo necesitaba. Para el muchacho rubio no fue distinto, sin palabras, en silencio habían sellado un pacto. Uno irrevocable. Le permitiría a Neil consolarlo, salvarlo del infierno en el que él ya había caído para darle ese motivo que tanto necesitaba para seguir respirando. Si Neil necesitaba salvar a alguien, que entonces fuese su salvador; necesitaba de igual modo ser salvado, no creía poder solo. Al final de cuentas si no se apoyaban entre ellos estarían solos… nadie era capaz de vislumbrar en verdad el infierno en el que estaban sumidos. Eran ángeles que habitaban el averno, pero algún día se elevarían y desaparecerían por siempre, dejando atrás todo el dolor y la mierda del mundo. Y mientras durase su camino en la tierra, lo harían juntos, porque sólo ellos se entendían. Fin Dedicado simbólicamente a mi prima Ile. Mysterious skin no me pertenece, todo de Gregg Araki. Sí, ya sé, no esperaron a Eric :P. Igual, me nació así apenas terminé de ver la película (y por eso está ambientada en su final). Necesitaba en verdad escribir esta historia, siento que me saqué un gran peso de los hombros. Gracias por leer. 27 de febrero de 2010 Merlo Sur, Buenos Aires, Argentina. ","Summary":" Ahora entendían porque eran como eran… los habían forjado así, moldeado, magullado, marcado. Y sólo"},{"Movie":"Mysterious Skin","Title":"Mystery of killing popular student","Author":"kyoko anzawa","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7941713","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ########## CH 1 ########## BRUKKKKKK! BRrAAAKKKkk! Terdengar suara berisik di salah satu ruangan di sekolah. Terlihat beberapa orang diruangan itu, yang satu terlihat terbaring lemas dilantai dengan kepala penuh darah dan satu lagi terlihat seorang namja yang masih muda dengan tinggi sekitar 175cm yang berdiri tepat didepan lelaki yang terbaring lemas dan belakangnya terdapat 2 orang pengikutnya. \"Aaakkkhhhhhh...! hahh..hahh..hahh ! A..apa yang kau inginkan?\" lelaki itu menjerit kesakitan \"Hahaha...! tidak ada. Aku hanya ingin membunuhmu seonsaengim !\" \"Me...mem...bunuhku? A..pa kau sudah gila? Aku adalah gurumu! apa kau sadar apa yang telah kau lakukan?\" \"Tentu saja aku sadar\" Lelaki itu duduk di kursi tempat guruya bekerja sambil tertawa puas \"hmm...tapi,, sebelum kau mati, aku akan memberitahumu kenapa aku membunuhmu! itu karena kau terlalu disukai banyak orang seonsaengim ! padahal profesimu hanya seorang guru disekolah ini! tetapi kau sangat populer bahkan melebihi siswa-siswa kaya seperti ku! jadi..mungkin sebaiknya kau cepat mati saja, aku sudah bosan melihatmu!\" lelaki itu pun berdiri dari tempat duduknya dan beranjak pergi, tetapi langkah kakinya berhenti dan ia berbalik \"ah..aku lupa satu hal, kau tidak perlu sedih seonsaengim ,,akan ada yang menyusulmu nanti!\" ia pun meninggalkan ruangan tersebut tetapi sebelum pergi ia menjentikkan jarinya yang berarti memerintahkan pengikutnya untuk membunuh orang itu.. [ -] **** Keesokan Harinya **** RUANG GURU KIM JUNG WOO Tokk...Tok..Tokk... \" Seonsaengim... Seonsaengim... ?\" Tok..tokk... \"kenapa tidak ada yang menjawab? bukankah seharusnya seonsaengim sudah datang?\" ucap seorang gadis muda yang mengetuk pintu ruang guru disekolahnya. Karena merasa tidak ada yang menjawab, gadis itu pun membuka pintunya perlahan. Tiba-tiba... \"Aaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!\" semua orang disekolah itu pun langsung datang ketempat dimana suara itu berasal. Tidak lama kemudian, tempat itu telah dipenuhi oleh orang-orang yang merasa penasaran. Guru-guru pun langsung masuk ke ruangan guru Jung Woo untuk memastikan apa yang terjadi, mereka melihat guru Jung Woo telah tergeletak di lantai dekat meja kerjanya dengan tali di leher dan kondisi tidak bernyawa lagi. Beberapa jam kemudian, kejadian tersebut pun berhasil diselesaikan. Setelah melalui pemeriksaan, polisi pun menduga Jung Woo bukan dibunuh melainkan bunuh diri. ***** 5 Bulan Kemudian ***** Langit terlihat gelap malam itu, bintang-bintang yang biasanya menampakkan sinar-sinarnya kini telah hilang, suara gemuruh petir mulai terdengar pada malam itu. Angin yang datang pun sedikit namun suhu pada malam itu cukup dingin. Tampak seorang namja dengan kaca mata putihnya sedang duduk di sebuah cafe malam yang buka 24jam dengan laptop hitamnya yang berada tepat didepannya dan segelas americano cappucino yang sudah tidak terlalu hangat lagi. Wajahnya tampak sangat serius, sesekali dia mengelus dagunya dan tersenyum tipis, ntah apa yang dipikirkannya di depan laptop hitamnya. \"(ini akan menarik)\" pikirnya dalam hati... ","Summary":" ########## CH 1 ########## BRUKKKKKK! BRrAAAKKKkk! Terdengar suara berisik di salah satu ruangan di"},{"Movie":"Mysterious Skin","Title":"I Think You Might","Author":"Li'l Yahiko","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6731023","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I Think You Might (Disclaimer: Mysterious Skin and all related properties belong to Gregg Araki and Scott Heim.) (Julian Taylor) Neil has good days, and Neil has bad days. On his good days, he's been known to actually be pretty good. On his bad days… On his bad days, he's always really, really bad. Those were four conclusions I came to within two weeks of him and Wendy moving in with us. When Jay had told me they'd be living with us, he'd reminded me at least five times that rent would be cut in half, but there wasn't much he could say to keep me from being pissed off. Sure, Wendy was all right, but Neil… fucking Neil … He was a self-centered little prick with a superiority complex I couldn't begin to wrap my head around. He was as of that day a recovering cocaine addict fresh out of rehab who in the past had been known to get head injuries while sucking guys off in alleyways for money. Yeah. That person had a superiority complex. It's not hard to understand why I was so fucking confused. Still, technically it was Jay's place and, despite the fact that he seemed to get his kicks off of pissing me the hell off, I couldn't really say no to him anymore than I could afford to move somewhere else. Jay was my best friend, had been since high school, and he'd never truthfully done me wrong before. I'd even go so far as to say that I loved the guy. Well, maybe not that far (not out loud). Neil had already accused me of being gay for him at just about every encounter we'd had. Motherfucker. (…even though maybe I was… just a little bit…) Anyway, the two of them moved in, Wendy in Jay's room and Neil on the couch. I made sure I wasn't around that day so I could avoid helping move their s hit while Neil plastered his cocky little smirk across his mouth. Jackass . Still, I could only avoid him until that evening when I ran out of shit to do and ultimately had to go home. He was sitting on the couch with a cigarette burning between his fingers, and I couldn't help but admit that he looked way better than the last time I'd seen him, back when he was greasy and thin and in the throws of withdrawal. He raised his eyebrows at me, and I did my best to keep my expression neutral. Unfortunately, concentrating solely on my expression usually leads to staring, and leave it to Neil to always notice. \"See something you like?\" he asked, smirking. Prick. \"The opposite, actually,\" I replied, pathetically unable to come up with anything better. \"Whatever,\" Neil said with a shrug and offered me a cigarette. That was a good day for him. The next night, Wendy had the night off work so we threw a \"Welcome to Your New Shithole!\" party on behalf of Wendy and Neil. It was Jay's idea, of course, but I kept any disagreements to myself since there was plenty of beer. I decided to get blackout drunk and just have a good fucking time, and it seemed that everyone else were of the same sentiment. Two hours and several crunched cans later, I witnessed Neil on a bad day. \"FUCK!\" A plate shattered against the wall, and I turned to see Neil staring at the falling shards like they had done him some great injustice. He was stumbling drunk, swaying on his own two feet as if he no longer understood how gravity worked, and his eyes… His eyes looked nearly black. \"Neil?\" Wendy questioned, even though I knew she could see that he was for the moment not with us (if I could see it, then she could definitely see it). \"Why'd you…\" he started off and then fell into mumbling incoherently. Wendy pressed her hand to his shoulder in an effort to bring him back to the land of the living or at least the land of the sober, but his rage boiled back up instead. He screamed and thrashed, elbow slamming into Wendy's solar plexus. He scrambled to the wall, stepping on the crushed porcelain in bare feet. He sobbed . He crouched in the corner and cried like a child. We stood around him like judges upon altars, and his scraped feet bled all over the tile. The next morning, he didn't remember a moment of it. \"What the fuck are you talking about?\" he asked with a roll of his eyes, even though he clearly had discovered the injuries to his feet by the way he had t hem propped up on the coffee table and bandaged (albeit lazily). \"You just like to conveniently forget the things you do, don't you?\" I responded bitterly. It agitated me that he hadn't even questioned why he woke up unable to walk and cared even less when a reason presented itself. Whenever I got blackout drunk, my first question in the morning was always, always , \"What did I do last night?\" Someone who didn't concern themselves with that question was someone I had to worry about… Then again, it was Neil McCormick, the boy who never flinched when inflicting harm on himself, like he couldn't feel pain or at least didn't know how to. I didn't bring it up again and tried to return to my life with him in it as little as possible. I went to work and band practice. I partied it up with friends when I had time. I bought cigarettes and Chinese take-out, and I got my ear pierced a second time. I called my dad and my older brother. I visited my mom in prison. Life continued… …but it seemed that, no matter how I tried, I couldn't get that image of Neil hunched in the corner among broken pieces of porcelain, and crying like he'd never had one kind hand upon him, out of my head. It was solidified there in my brain up until the night I came home two weeks later to a new one of him curled up in the bathroom floor sobbing. He looked up at me with wild, red-rimmed eyes and quickly swiped at the tears to make them disappear. Apparently he was more self-conscious about them when he was sober. \"… the fuck're you doing home? Wendy said…\" he said, voice cracking treacherously to his expression. \"Got off work early,\" I said awkwardly. \"Where…\" \"Working late… Oh, and Jay went bowling with some guys… uh… Ian-something and his friends.\" He wouldn't look me directly in the eyes, deciding rather to stare at the spot over my shoulder until he pressed his back against the wall (he wasn't wearing a shirt, I noticed) and wrapped his arms around his knees. He sighed. \"What's going on?\" I asked, leaning on the door jam. I expected him to throw some lewd insults my way, tell me how it was none of my business and to leave him alone, but instead he just shook his head. \"I don't know,\" he said quietly. \"I was just… gonna take a shower and…\" He swallowed and looked near the brink of tears again. \"I was fine, but then it just… slammed into me like a fuckin'… Nothin'. Forget it. Nevermind.\" I don't know what compelled me to stick around and take a seat next to him, but he didn't say anything when I slid down the wall and plopped down beside him. He took a cigarette when I offered him one. \"The fuck!\" he coughed. \"Are these flavored?\" \"Yeah, I like the smell,\" I said. He smirked, though it was weaker than usual. \"You still think you're straight.\" \"Fuck you,\" I grumbled, but it was lacking energy as well, so I changed the subject. \"What was it? This thing that slammed into you?\" \"A guy's dick.\" \"Very funny, you jackass, but I'm not-\" \"…or the memory of one anyway.\" I clamped my mouth shut because I realized that he was serious. \"It's weird…\" he said, blowing smoke towards the ceiling, voice closed up into his throat so that I could barely understand him. \"I was always so good at shutting out all of this shit, and when I couldn't do it on my own I'd have the coke to do that for me, but… now it's all surface, all the time . It's like the first time every time, and…\" he sighed again. \"I get that,\" I nodded, and he looked at me skeptically and with a little surprise. I continued, \"I got into coke back in high school after my mom got locked up in prison. I didn't want to feel anything anymore, you know?\" \"What'd she do?\" \"Killed my stepdad. She's… got some mental problems.\" \"Oh.\" \"Yeah, I didn't like feeling all screwed up and out of place when I came to live with my dad and realized I didn't really have anyone to relate to. Dad barely knew me, and my brother was never around because he was a sports guy, you know? I felt lost and fucking… angry all the time, so I started listening to punk and partying with the bad kids and just let my life spin out of control. Then I met Jay, and he set me straight. He told me I'd be as worthless as I felt if I kept doing what I was doing.\" \"So, you just quit? You just quit cold turkey.\" \"Yeah… but…\" I paused, rubbing my neck, taking a moment to decide whether to tell him or not. I figured since I'd already started, I might as well continue. I pushed up the sleeve of my jacket to show him a scar running all the way up the inside of my forearm. \"I tried to kill myself. Got locked up in an institution for a while…\" He traced the scar with his index finger, and my skin prickled under the ice cold touch. \"That's pretty ballsy,\" he said, \"trying to kill yourself that way. Did it hurt?\" \"Yeah, but when you're that lowdown, you figure you deserve it.\" His head snapped up then, eyes wide and bright and red-rimmed and swollen, and it was like he'd never seen me before. He had this tragic expression on his face, this haunting expression that I just couldn't look away from, and I couldn't help but wonder what I'd said. \"Did you deserve it?\" he asked, but it didn't really sound like it was directed to me. \"I don't know,\" I admitted. \"Sometimes I think so.\" My gaze was slowly drawn to his own scar on the side of his head, and I remembered the crimson word slut etched into his arm and how it had infuriated me because of how much it reminded me of myself. There was always a little piece of me that hated myself, and I began to wonder if that was why I hated Neil. At that moment though, I couldn't even think of hating him because he was clearly hating himself enough for the both of us. \"I misjudged you,\" I found myself saying. \"Not completely,\" he said and pushed his lips onto mine. When it was over and I opened my eyes, he had left the bathroom. It was probably after that night that I became a little obsessed. Maybe there was some little part of me that thought witnessing him recover and relapse would make me feel better about the nights I thought about buying coke again or carving up my arm. …or maybe Neil's particular madness was just fascinating to me. It definitely wasn't the kiss though. He was there the next evening when I got home, laughing at something on television and eating cereal. \"Hey,\" he said casually after swallowing. \"Jay said he'd be late today. Wendy's asleep.\" I shrugged, digging my hand into the box of cereal and pulling out a handful to munch on. I felt like Jay and Wendy were constantly leaving me alone with him. \"Have you been sitting here all day?\" I asked, trying to sound annoyed. I didn't want him to think that anything had changed between us. \"Nope, I also got a beer and took a piss.\" \"You need to get a job, lazy bastard.\" \"I've been looking.\" \"Well, I guess for you there's always the street corner.\" Sometimes, I really should just shut my mouth. He lowered his eyes to the bowl and didn't say anything for a while. I tried not to feel guilty, but it didn't really work. \"Where do you work?\" he asked after I had started on my third handful. \"It's a restaurant a few blocks from here. I've known the owner for a long time.\" \"Do you think that… maybe you could get me a job?\" I raised my eyebrows, and he just looked back down into his cereal. \"I guess…\" I shrugged. He stared and stared into the cereal, and his expression grew harder and more sour and harder and more sour, and all of a sudden he was chucking the bowl across the room where it clattered to the floor, leaving a mess of sugary milk in its wake. \"What the hell is your problem?\" I shouted, jumping to my feet. \"I hate cereal,\" he whimpered and pressed the heels of his hands to his eyes. I rolled my eyes and stepped toward him. \"Doesn't mean you can just throw it across the room like a toddler. Clean that shit up!\" He dropped his hands to glare at me, and his eyes were red-rimmed and brimming again, but he seemed to be holding it back. \"…sorry…\" he mumbled and crouched down to pick up the pieces. Fuck , I thought as curiosity overcame me. \"Why do you hate cereal?\" I asked, and I made sure to sound tired and fed up so he wouldn't realize how much I cared. \"I don't… I t just made me think about something else.\" \"What was that?\" I asked, taking a step forward, and I couldn't mask how much I wanted to know. \"Nothing. Forget about it.\" A long moment passed between us. After that moment passed, I knelt down and started to help him. He looked up at me, lips parted slightly and holy shit , I totally understood why he could whore himself out so easily. For a guy, he was fucking beautiful . …not that I was interested. It had nothing to do with that kiss. Speaking of that kiss… \"Um… why'd you…\" He smirked, eyes glittering, and I realized he'd read my mind. \"You wanted me to.\" \"No I didn't! Why would I want a kiss from you, you faggot?\" Maybe that was a little too defensive to be convincing. He laughed though and said only, \"my mistake, Sid Vicious.\" If he noticed that I didn't spike my hair or wear my collar around my next the next day, the next, and the next, he didn't call me on it. Surprising really, since that seemed like something he would do, but Neil was just full of surprises. Okay, well maybe I abandoned the punk rock look after that (mostly anyway), but it wasn't because he had any sort of pull or power over me. The band had broken up and it just took too much effort to maintain. Besides, wearing a ring with the anarchy symbol engraved on it seemed a little counterproductive when I was working for the man. Neil had nothing to do with it. He was a background character in my life, nothing more. I wasn't even the least bit interested. When he started bussing tables at the restaurant where I worked, I barely gave him a passing glance. …and if he was constantly on my mind, he didn't have to know that. I didn't even ask where he ran off to in August. That's how not interested I was. He didn't have to know that relief quaked through me when Wendy told me he'd gone home to Hutchinson for the week and he'd be back so I didn't have any reason to celebrate. I pretended not to notice that I recognized his smell when I fell asleep on the couch. One afternoon, while Jay and I were eating lunch together for once, he said something. \"I feel like we never hang out anymore,\" he said, laughing. \"Sorry man.\" I blinked and chewed and didn't admit that I hadn't really noticed as of recently. I'd been jealous and spiteful at first when he started dating Wendy, but by that point it was almost weird to think of one without the other… Naturally, he'd be busy with other things, and I was busy too… \"You're always unavailable when you're in a relationship,\" I said with a shrug. \"I'm used to it.\" \"Usually you're not so cool about it.\" \"When have I ever been 'not cool' about it?\" \"You broke my last girlfriend's nose.\" \"That bitch deserved it!\" I shouted defensively, and then I realized that I was getting defensive, and then I realized why I was getting defensive and… Oh, fuck. I used to be in love with Jay. FUCK . It wasn't so much that Neil had been right about me all along (well, partly it was that), but that he would probably know I knew the moment I walked through the door and made eye contact. I was embarrassed just thinking about it. Then it got worse. My stupid brain had the nerve to go, \"Say, why don't you get hard for him anymore?\" … … … FUCK . I went back to work with a hell of a lot on my mind. I thought back on the time I'd spent in the institution, thinking of Jay and how he'd gotten rid of my drugs and saved me when I was bleeding to death. I remembered how I'd idolized him t hen, thinking he was the only person in the world that I could count on. I remembered how I'd wake up from dirty dreams about him or think about him when I'd fuck girls and then pretend the thoughts never happened, and I remembered how Jay never realized for a second that I was completely infatuated. Then I thought of Neil who was nothing like Jay (which was probably why Wendy liked Jay so much). Even high or sick with withdrawal or weighted down with secrets I couldn't begin to decode, he could read me like a fucking book, could read me better than even I could. He really had nothing to offer me other than insults and a shit-eating grin. Most of the time he was tolerable enough, just a half-stranger sleeping on the couch that just happened to have the darkest blue eyes I'd ever seen and the kind of disastrous beauty reserved for legends and works of art and shit like that… I didn't have any reason to like him other than that he was aesthetically pleasing… …but actually, I did have a reason… When I looked at him, I saw so much of myself that it made me sick, and the desperate part of me that longed to get better became obsessed with fixing him and by proxy fixing me. It was selfish and kind of narcissistic in its own weird way, but it was true. Hey, at least I wanted to help him. It was actually kind of a good thing I came to that conclusion too because I realized he wasn't at work when I returned… and no one knew where he had gone. A girl I worked with named Kayla claimed that he just freaked out and left. I knew from the heavy drop in my gut that Neil must have been experiencing another bad day. Claiming an emergency, I left. I looked for him but didn't find him and ended up back at the apartment to fret alone and wonder if I should call Wendy or Jay or the police or some one… That was when the door banged open, and there he stood. He was out of breath and sweaty and looking wrecked and clutching something in his fist. \"You're here,\" he said, accusatory. \"I live here,\" I replied, trying to remain calm and casual. He looked ready to go flying off the handle into a rage or tears or something, and I wasn't about to be on the receiving end of it. He shifted from foot to foot and looked around, chewing on his bottom lip, acting as though he didn't really have the right to come inside the apartment where he lived. He was shaking slightly. I had to ask, though I barely managed to, \"Are you high?\" To my horror, he revealed a dime bag that he'd had crushed into his hand and murmured, \"not yet.\" The craving banged up against my teeth, and all I could do was stare for a moment. That hateful part of me whispered that it was a good idea. Go for it. Do it. No . I remembered how Jay had taken my stash and dumped it, claiming, \"one day, you'll thank me for this.\" I hadn't thanked him yet. I made a mental note to do so. \"Give it over,\" I told Neil, holding out my hand. \"Get your own,\" he replied, taking a step back into the hallway. He looked like a terrified puppy dog. His arm twitched like a tiny part of him wanted to flush it himself and go running as far from the cocaine as physically possible. \"Neil,\" I said, cautiously taking a step forward. \"I know the craving is bad, but you can't let it get you. You'll be losing a lot of progress.\" Another step. Another. He didn't move. \"You don't want to do this.\" His face reddened as he held back tears. \"No.\" He shook his head to emphasis. \"C'mon, man, you don't want to go back down that road. There's nothing for you down that road, Neil,\" I said, and I took another step. A single tear managed to slip out of the corner of his eye. \"Just one hit-\" \"No way. You know you can't do it just once.\" \"FUCK!\" he shouted, tossing to the floor, hands shaking violently. \"This is bullshit!\" I knelt down and picked up the dime bag depositing it into my pocket for the moment, and I held my hands up in defense. \"I'm fucking tired… I'm fucking tired of feeling this way! All these goddamn ups and downs all the goddamn time… having this shit just start flashing before my eyes when I see anything that reminds me of it even a little! Everyone keeps saying I'm better, but I've never been so out of control in my life! I can't take it anymore!\" He was shouting at me, but it didn't feel directed at me, and all of a sudden, his rage tapered off. \"I hate this shit… I don't want to feel anything… Why can't things just be like they were before? Fuck…\" He deflated before my eyes into a fit of messy tears. \"Come on,\" I said gently, grabbing his wrist. I led him into the bathroom and handed him a towel to wipe his face on, and then I made him watch while I flushed his stash. It pained me almost as much as it pained him, but I still said, \"one day, you'll thank me for this.\" He dropped his forehead to the back of my shoulder, and I could still feel his entire frame trembling with yet un-cried tears. After a moment, I couldn't help but ask (because I never could, it seemed), \"so what happened?\" He sniffed, wiping his nose on the towel. \"Don't worry about it…\" he mumbled. \"Don't give me that shit. What happened?\" He let out a shuddered breath. \"I was at work… and uh… I saw him…\" \"Who?\" I asked, furrowing my brows. He sniffed again, hesitating, and just when I thought he wasn't going to tell me, he said it. \"I uh… I saw the guy who raped me.\" That last bad night in the bathroom came crashing back to me, the way he had talked, what he had said… Dumbly, I asked, \"well… what'd you do?\" \"I… ran away… like a fucking coward… and I tried to pretend it didn't happen, tried to block it out, but… I couldn't.\" I turned around to face him then, and I realized that my hands were shaking too. \"Wanna go kill him?\" I offered, and I didn't let him realize that I wasn't joking at all. He shook his head, not looking up. \"Wouldn't make any difference. Wouldn't make me forget it. Wouldn't undo what was done any more than killing coach would.\" \"Coach?\" \"Oh… uh… Coach, my uh- little league coach… he uh, molested me when I was eight.\" Neil never seemed to have any good surprises… only really horrible, sad ones. \"Jesus H. Christ,\" I whispered. Neil had mentioned to me once that I didn't understand a single thing that he had been through. Once again, he had been right… and I'd been so fucking stupid not to notice it. \"I'm…\" \"Don't say you're sorry,\" he growled, fingers clenching and unclenching. \"I'm not some charity case you need to feel sorry for. I'm still… I'm still alive, damn it. Saying sorry… feeling sorry… all it does is validate what they fucking did, and I can't do that to Brian.\" I didn't ask who Brian was. Instead, I reached out and squeezed his shoulder and said, \"Fine then. I'm not sorry. It still sucks though.\" He snorted halfheartedly. \"Yeah, it does. It really does.\" …and he kissed me again, slowly… innocently. It was almost like I was being kissed by a little boy… and I wanted to cry. It was over as suddenly as it started, but he lingered just a hair's breadth away from my face, panting lightly, his air mixing with my air. \"Most guys I've fucked were old enough to be my dad,\" he informed me. \"Is there a reason you're telling me this?\" I asked, nearly breathless (how pathetic!). \"My shrink told me that I needed to change my lifestyle… I think I'll start with you.\" \"Change me?\" He smirked. \"Already did that, Not-Sid Vicious. You wanna fuck?\" My eyes widened, and my body started screaming, Oh, God, yes, you haven't been fucked in months! …and I said, \"No.\" He looked confused and a little offended. \"No one's told you 'no' before,\" I explained quietly. \"To change your lifestyle, somebody's gotta teach you that you can't just do whatever the hell you want. You also need to learn that you can't solve all of your shit with sex.\" He whimpered like I'd smacked him across the face. \"You don't have to be such a dick about it,\" he said. \"Yeah, I do,\" I said and put my arms around him. We stood in the bathroom, holding each other for what felt like hours… and then he came to a realization, a realization he hadn't realized before that moment, and I'm sure he felt stupid for not realizing it before. \"You… might be kind of in love with me,\" he said. \"I might be,\" I agreed, \"you twat.\" The following days were better and better. I made sure of that. ","Summary":" I Think You Might (Disclaimer: Mysterious Skin and all related properties belong to Gregg Araki and"},{"Movie":"Ladyhawke","Title":"My Knight","Author":"themagaroo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9164145","Passage":"[Chapter 1] When he looks at me, I see the raw steel in his eyes and it is impossible for me to look away. I miss those eyes. I crave his smile. I yearn for his words and voice. I pray that his scheme works and that we can see each other again. Killing that false Bishop is the only way to save us. If it doesn't work, we would both die of heartbreak and forget what shaped our love. No. Neither one of us would let that happen. He will always be my knight and I his lady. ","Summary":" When he looks at me, I see the raw steel in his eyes and it is impossible for me to look away. I mi"},{"Movie":"Ladyhawke","Title":"To His Credit","Author":"Zemmiphobia","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11432710","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Ladyhawke and all credit goes to the creators. Philippe is born with two soul marks, curling around his inner thighs. He couldn't read them, but he liked to run his fingers over the letters, tracing their curves. The marks are short, only two words apiece but the letters are sleek, slanting over his skin like the artwork he sometimes sees in the Church. At first, he can't afford the coin to have a local priest read them. Then he's wanted in almost all of France for theft. It isn't until much later, when he stumbles across an imprisoned scribe, that he learns their message. You, out I know He isn't surprised when he's ordered out of the inn. He's surprised to live, surprised to take another breath, surprised to feel pain under his ribs as he races to freedom, but the man in black strikes Philippe as exactly the type whose opening words to his soulmate are an order. He doesn't say anything later, even when the man flinches at the first words out of Philippe's mouth. ' Please, don't kill me' . He does feels a curl of hope, however, until later that night, when he sees the words ' I believe that's mine' licking their way up Etienne's forearm. Somehow, the words tumbling out of the beautiful stranger's mouth are even less startling than seeing his first soulmate aim a crossbow in his general direction. It's at this point that, watching her walk off into the night wearing the man in black's cloak, Philippe thinks that God is not as ambivalent about his thievery as he had always hoped. He lays awake all night, hand between his legs, tracing letters that burn in his mind, thinking that it's one thing to be bound to nobles who don't want him; it's another when they are both as beautiful as angels. Etienne disappears into the gloom, leaving Philippe alone and tied to the tree. He supposes he should feel grateful that Etienne was kind enough to leave enough slack that his arms don't go numb, but Philippe can't find it in him. He should never have tried to leave while Etienne was watching. It was a stupid move, one born from the small part of him that still hoped a future with his soulmates was possible. It wasn't a mistake he'd make again. Sighing, he looks over his shoulder just in time to see his second soulmate dive for a rabbit. He watches her sleep and tries not to think. It should be easy, considering that Philippe relies more on his instincts than his brain, but somehow he can't stop the stream of thoughts that invade his mind. Sometimes, he almost manages it before his eyes are drawn back to the spidery words on Isabeau's chest, just above her breast. ' Are you sure?' He had always known he would be rejected, known it since he first known what a soulmate was. As Isabeau opens her eyes, Philippe pushes the pain down, determined that at least two of them should find happiness. Philippe runs behind Goliath and wonders, not for the first time, why God had seen to give him a soulmate as stubborn as Etienne Navarre. He has met many nobles over the years, usually at the end of a sword, but Etienne is by far the most irritating. Even more so than a Baron who had knocked him out a window and into a garbage heap. He supposes he can't blame him; he wouldn't have believed the drunken priest either, if Imperius hadn't seemed so determined. Philippe sighs. \"But if the old man is right about breaking the curse…\" Philippe holds Isabeau as she sinks against him, face buried in the crook of his neck. She isn't crying but he can feel her tremble. Partly in relief, he images, but partly in rage. He doesn't know what kind of person she was before the spell, but he's been around her enough to know that even when she walks as a Lady, some part of her is still a hawk. You don't spend half your life as a predator without picking up a few traits. He lets her wrap around him and laughs weakly when she mutters a foul word. Philippe answers Etienne's questions about the night he almost dies and it is the most awkward morning of his life. Though each word breaks his heart, watching the wolf recede from Etienne's eyes makes it worth it. He knows he could never be a true part of their lives, especially once their curse is broken, but he can settle for being their messenger and their friend. If they need a dance partner or poet, who is he to refuse them? It isn't a bad way to live, at least for now. Do you know hawks and wolves mate for life? He's getting used to their smiles, always quick, with a tinge of bitterness, but sweet all the same. He likes when they're directed at him and at not some deep inner thought that pulls them under. At first, it's like being pricked by a knife but after a while, he allows himself to smile back. He tells himself that it's because, in a way, they're becoming friends. If friends still ordered you to gather firewood or help them repair a loose sleeve, of course. It's easier, some days, that they never smile together, as horrible as that thought makes him feel. Etienne Navarre is an idiot. A beautiful, wonderful, heartbreakingly stupid idiot. He's stubborn, impossible, demanding, intimidating and a slew of other words Philippe's only ever heard from priests and doesn't understand but thinks probably apply to him. There may not even be words to describe the man who is riding away into the sunset while the only person who could talk some sense into him still has feathers. If he wasn't equally terrified and in love, he'd march up and shake the man. Instead, Philippe watches them go and wonders, of the two of them, who is the bigger idiot. Isabeau d'Anjou is a goddess, God's gift to the world. Even if she wasn't the most beautiful woman he had ever seen, possible in the entire world, her intelligence alone made her a saint as far as Philippe was concerned. He isn't sure why she agrees to their plan, especially after they had made Etienne's feelings clear, but he supposed it is because, unlike her lover, she has the gift of rational thinking. Philippe watches her face as Imperius lays out the plan, watches the steel enter her eyes and her lips go thin, and can't help but love her. It is Imperius that pulls him out of the water, and somehow that hurts more than all the bloody scratches Etienne leaves behind. Laying in the snow, listening to Isabeau, he is equally relieved and aching. He can't begrudge Isabeau for holding Etienne to her breast, can't blame wolf Etienne who, despite a small fondness for Philippe, has no idea who he is. But Philippe thinks, for the first time, that maybe this small part he occupies is not enough after all. Later, as they huddle by the fire Imperius has made, Philippe watches the flames and begins to plan. He lets them both kiss him. It's not enough, not even close, but it gives him the strength to leave the cathedral. It doesn't hurt as much as he thought it would but that might be because he is numb. That night, Etienne and Isabeau throw a party, opening the Bishop's personal stores and invite every soul in the city to join the two in celebration. A message has already been sent to the King of the Bishop's death. The lovers assure him that it will be fine; Etienne did not spend the last few years idling in the countryside. Philippe tries to sneak away from the party no less than eight times. It gets progressively harder the more he drinks until the sun is rising over the city and he is trying to climb a wall that doesn't actually lead to the outside. When Etienne pulls him down, both lovers throw their arms around him and laugh. Philippe is just far enough gone that he laughs with them. They guide him to a room more lavish than he had ever been in. His last thought before he falls asleep is how much he could sell the bed covers for. When he awakes, the room is empty. There is, however, a tub of water and a bowl of fruit waiting in one corner. The water is almost cool but it's warmer than the rivers he had been washing in for the last few months, so he strips and gets in anyways. No use wasting the water some poor maid had to drag up the steps. He's never washed in a tub before, so it takes him a few minutes before he figures out how to move without spilling water everywhere. He'll be gone within the hour, he promises to himself. He drops the apple, fingers still slick from poking the contents of the many bottles lining the walls. It falls and rolls under the bed. He could just leave it there but he's never been one for wasting food. Grumbling absently at God about luxury, he gets down on his knees and ducks down to fish for it. He doesn't hear the door open but he does hear a feminine shriek, loud enough he starts and smacks his skull on the bed's underside. The maid, he thinks, rubbing his head. He's about to back out when fingers circle his ankle. The fingers pull him away from the bed until he's lying awkwardly on his stomach. Uncomfortably aware that he is naked as a babe, he rolls onto his back and holds both hands over his groin. Etienne is staring at him, hand still clamped around his ankle. At first, Philippe thinks he is staring at his hands but after a moment, he realizes the older man is staring at his thighs… or more specifically, at the words on his skin, just brushing the line of his hip. Etienne abruptly releases him. \"Don't leave.\" He orders, before disappearing into the hall. Predictably, he does. The door hasn't stopped moving before Philippe is up and grabbing his clothes. He pulls them on, not caring that the shirt is backwards. He ties a small sack to his waist, throws in a few apples, and slips out the door. The hallway is empty, for which he sends up a small prayer. His luck holds and he reaches the stables without incident. The few soldiers on watch either recognize him from the day before or don't care enough to question him. He fades into the city, reaches the countryside by noon, and then heads east. He isn't expecting them to follow him. They had just found each other after years of waiting, what did they need him for? Third bonds were rare and the Church was divided on whether they were the work of Satan or simply didn't exist at all. In any case, the two lovers hardly needed another in their love story. He was a thief, a peasant, a fool. He'd be fine on his own. By the next night, he's sleeping in an inn. Well, the stable loft, since he had forgotten his coin bag and was too tired to steal one. He awakens to a bright morning, a stiff back, and a large, angry man looming over him. Etienne says nothing, throwing Philippe his bag before throwing Philippe on his horse. They ride out of the village in silence, not even Goliath daring to make a noise. Philippe keeps his head down, eyes on the saddle and tries not to think. At one point he squirms, trying to get feeling back in his legs, and the arms around him tighten to the point of pain. After that, he gives up, closes his eyes, and tries to enjoy it while it lasts. They do stop for the night, Philippe hadn't been sure they would, and Etienne tries him hand and foot. He does not leave any slack. He is, however, nice enough to feed him and when they sleep, Etienne throws his cloak over the two of them. The night is quiet and Philippe doesn't fall asleep for a long time. Judging by the rise and fall of his companion's chest against his back, neither does Etienne. Instead, he lies awake and watches the stars, trying desperately to push down the hope uncurling in his heart. He can feel it rise anyways. Isabeau is waiting for them. She has dark circles under her eyes and Philippe feels guilty. This should be a week of celebration and instead she has to watch her lover ride off without her to chase down a thief. Etienne has still not spoken to him and when he hands off Goliath to a servant, he curls a hand around the back of Philippe's neck and pulls him along. Isabeau leads them into a bedroom filled with shelves of books and a small couch. She sits at one end and Etienne takes the other, pulling Philippe down between them. \"Explain.\" Etienne may not be a wolf anymore, but he hasn't lost his growl. Philippe squeaks, embarrassingly like his nickname, and jerks in Etienne's grip. Isabeau frowns, gives Etienne a silent, speaking glance and places a hand on Philippe's check, turning him to look at her. Etienne does not release his neck. \"Do you bare our marks?\" She asks, eyes troubled. Between the two of them, Philippe feels as though his legs have been turned to stone. \"Who can say, milady?\" He starts, trying for a light tone. Etienne's grip tightens and he hurries to add, \"They are very vague.\" \"What did you say to him?\" Etienne asks Isabeau over Philippe's head. She pauses, looking lost in thought. \"He… he told me there was a wolf. I said –\" \"I know.\" Etienne finishes. \"They fit.\" He releases Philippe and begins to pull off his boot. There, on his ankle, are Philippe's own words in a messy, barely legible scrawl. He shudders and sags against Isabeau's hand. Isabeau waits until Etienne is holding Philippe still again to lift the edge of her dress until one of her thighs is bared. It says 'Don't go out there' in the same horrible hand. \"Please,\" he begs weakly. \"There's no point in this. I know my place in the world and I'm good at it. None of us need to follow this.\" If only he had made his escape earlier, he thinks as the two share a look. He could have spared them all this knowledge. \"We've always known there was a third.\" Isabeau says, almost to herself. \"Even with the curse, we knew.\" Etienne nods and places his hand over hers where it rests on her thigh, just above Philippe's mark. \"You can imagine our relief when it wasn't the Bishop.\" She adds. \"Be honest, Philippe.\" Etienne says, turning Philippe to look him in the eye. \"Do you wish to leave?\" Etienne's eyes are like small flames, burning straight into his soul. He tries to look away but meet's Isabeau's gaze instead. He swallows hard. \"I don't. I mean, I'd like. I—\" He squeaks again when Etienne shakes him. \"No!\" He finally gasps. \"No, I don't want to leave.\" He curls in on himself, cheeks flaming. Isabeau and Etienne smile, pulling him into a tight hug. \"Good.\" Etienne says into his hair as Isabeau strokes his side. \"Because we're not letting you.\" It's not as hard as Philippe feared. Isabeau and Etienne are learning to be a couple again and he fits well in their new spaces. Etienne marries Isabeau and becomes the Duke of d'Anjou with the king's blessing. Later that night, they both marry Philippe in a private ceremony held by Imperius. And if Etienne has a habit of prowling the halls at ungodly hours of the night, and Isabeau snaps rather than soothes, and Philippe sometimes comes home with new jewels in his pockets, they learn to work with it. It is, as Philippe tells God, to his credit. The End ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Ladyhawke and all credit goes to the creators. Philippe is born with two s"},{"Movie":"Ladyhawke","Title":"Battle","Author":"Mojave Dragonfly","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6073391","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Battle Written for: st_aurafina in the Yuletide 2007 Challenge by Mojave Dragonfly Haiku Above me, a cry Arrow pierces tiny breast Love falls; my heart dies ","Summary":" Battle Written for: st_aurafina in the Yuletide 2007 Challenge by Mojave Dragonfly Haiku Above me, "},{"Movie":"Ladyhawke","Title":"Careful the Tale You Tell","Author":"carta","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9515334","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Careful the Tale You Tell Written for Ravenbell. Yuletide 2008 by ames \"And there, in the day that had no night, and the night that had no day, the spell was broken. Juliane entered the hall, her hair glowing in the light of a sun that she had not seen for far too long. She called out to her lover, 'do not kill the sorcerer! He must look upon us both, and we will be free.' And so it was. The sorcerer beheld them both, man and woman, wolf and hawk, and felt his hold on them break. He ran away and was never seen again.\" Philippe paused, and looked meaningfully at the empty mug of ale in front of him. \"And the lovers? Juliane and Nicholas?\" The barmaid hurried over with a pitcher and refilled his cup, splashing some on the table in her eagerness as she poured. \"Were they together forever?\" The crowd around him murmured in agreement, eager for the rest of the tale. Philippe lifted his mug and drank. He was becoming accustomed to this kind of attention, the steady gazes of people longing for news, for something different from their everyday lives. It was at times a little disturbing, but then again, he had traveled with Etienne Navarre. He was used to things that were a little disturbing. \"So far as I know, my lady,\" he replied, wiping his mouth with his sleeve. \"I have not seen them since that day. I left to seek my fortune, and to tell their story so that all may know the power of true love.\" He smiled. \"Of course, all good stories end with a kiss, do they not? And a promise of happily ever after, and why would the story of Juliane be different? Now, I am tired, and could use a rest. I believe you promised a bed?\" \"Well, Lord, this isn't the bed I was hoping for.\" Philippe stared at the faintly moldy straw that covered the floor of the barn. \"Frankly, Lord, I was expecting something a little more befitting my current status as storyteller. Granted, I'm not quite telling the truth, but I think you'll agree that in cases such as these, absolute honesty would have unfortunate consequences. Then again,\" he paused and peered at a suspiciously-moving patch of hay, \"perhaps the truth would have served me better.\" He shook out his cloak, carefully removing the loaf of bread and hunk of cheese he'd hidden in its folds and setting them aside. His travels were long and tiring, and while he was no longer Philippe the Mouse, hunted escaped prisoner of Aquila, he was still a person traveling alone, and thus suspicious. The story of Ladyhawke had become his trade, a tale he could barter for the occasional meal and covered bed, but lately the meals had been few, and the bedding was even more rare. \"I suppose that once again I'm to learn something from this, Lord,\" he said, skeptically. \"Although I do not know what I can learn from dried bread, watery ale, and a cold bed. Not even a fair wench to warm it, and I think you'll agree that I have been quite deprived in that area of life. A cloak is warm, Lord, but the arms of a maiden are even warmer.\" He paused. \"Or so I've been told.\" It was getting darker now, and colder. Philippe wrapped his cloak tightly around himself and burrowed into the hay, tucking the bread and cheese underneath his arm. \"A quiet night is all I ask. My dreams have been disturbing of late, and it isn't very restful. A quiet night, a dreamless sleep, and perhaps tomorrow, an actual bed. One can hope.\" He closed his eyes and slept. The barn was dark and dangerous, and his nose twitched incessantly, cataloging scents and potential dangers. He scurried through a crack in the wall, dodging between the tines of a pitchfork and into the blinding sun. He sniffed. Bread. Across the corner of the courtyard, just past the woman. The woman. The mouse crouched, holding himself very still, watching. She was singing quietly, dipping into a basket for a shirt, shaking it lightly then hanging it just out of the mouse's view. \"Do, do, l'enfant do. . .\" The mouse crept forward, slowly, slowly, his hunger driving him further into the open courtyard, eyes glued to the woman as she bent, stretched, quietly laughed and sang. Another step, and another, creeping forward on tiny paws, claws almost silent on the stone and dirt. The woman knelt to gather a shirt that had fallen from the basket, and froze, staring at the little mouse, who was barely breathing. Fear rushed through his body, heart pounding, breath fast. The woman cocked her head sharply, staring at him with unblinking yellow eyes and a faintly predatory expression. There was a beat of absolute stillness, then a sudden clattering of hooves on stone broke her concentration, and she stood, a smile breaking over her face. The mouse seized the chance and ran. Philippe woke, gasping. He lay there, trying to recapture the details, but it was too late. They were fading into mere impression - sunlight, the feel of warm stone, a high wall, yellow eyes staring at him intently. Philippe shook off the dream with effort, closed his eyes, and fell back asleep. \"Another day, another hovel,\" Philippe said quietly, surveying the dirt town in front of him. The dwellings were little more than shacks, with ragged-looking children in front digging in the dirt with sticks. Philippe hoped they were playing, and not hunting grubs to stretch the evening stew. He glanced up as a gust of wind rushed through the trees, noting the darkening sky and drop in temperature. A storm was coming, and it looked to be a bad one. If Philippe was going to avoid another cold night in a barn, or curled up in a tree, or worse, he needed to find a willing and generous ear, preferably attached to a willing and generous wench. He headed for the most likely looking building. It was situated in the middle of what could only vaguely be considered a town, and boasted several large tables outside, and two horses tied to a railing by the door. Philippe pushed through the doorway, wrinkling his nose at the somewhat dank smell inside. He waited for his eyes to adjust to the dim, smoke-filled light, and took in his surroundings. The inn was mostly empty. Two women were in the corner chopping vegetables, and a man huddled under a cloak at a central table. Philippe resigned himself to paying for his dinner, and chose a table by the fire. \"You're not from around here,\" a deep voice grated from behind him, making him jump with surprise. He turned and found himself nose-to-chest with whom he assumed was the inn's proprietor. \"No, no, you are right, sir,\" Philippe stepped backwards quickly, adding some space between the two of them. \"I am not from your fair village. I am a wanderer, a seeker of my fortune.\" The man grumpily muttered, \"A beggar, you mean to say.\" The women cackled. Philippe glared at them, and turned his back. \"No, not a beggar,\" he replied, affecting a haughty tone. \"I have coin, and you are welcome to it. That is,\" he added at the hungry gleam that shone in the innkeeper's eye, \"you are welcome to a fair price for food and lodgings for the night. And I shall determine fair.\" The innkeeper looked closely at Philippe, then grunted. \"Sit. There's ale for drink, and a stew.\" Philippe bowed. \"Thank you, Innkeeper. In these dark times, we must all join together, yes?\" He sat with his back to the fire and surveyed the room. Lord, he thought. I have no interest in fighting tonight, if you don't mind. Make it an easy night, please. He busied himself with his cloak and snuck a look at the man sitting alone at the table next to his. He was a dark man, grimy and tired-looking, sitting hunched over the empty table. He slowly turned his head and their eyes met. The man's eyes were pale as the early dawn, his mouth was hidden under a haphazardly trimmed beard, and a straggly lock of hair fell over his forehead. The intensity of his stare was unnerving. Philippe turned away and stared fixedly at the fire. Keep that man far from me, Lord, I want nothing of him, he prayed. It was not to be. Philippe braced himself at the screechy sound of a chair being moved, and waited for the inevitable. The strange man walked around the table and stopped in front of Philippe, blocking the fire's heat. \"What's your name, boy?\" \"Gaston,\" Philippe replied shortly. \"Gaston what?\" Philippe exhaled sharply and looked up. \"Does it matter? Gaston is enough. Who are you?\" A beat, and the man suddenly grinned, flashing white teeth in the mass of beard. \"I am nobody, little one. I am the wind in the night. But - you may call me Gentien.\" Philippe regarded him for a moment, then smiled and waved his hand to an empty seat. \"Then join me, Gentien, and we will dine upon the inn's finest food. And if you are in a receptive mood, I can tell you a tale of love and magic that will chill your bones and make your heart sing.\" He raised his voice deliberately at the end, a tacit invitation to the rest of the inn to come and listen. \"Ah, a storyteller, are you?\" Gentien asked. He paused as the innkeeper approached, continuing only when the man was within earshot. \"Tell your tale, trade a story for a room?\" Philippe tipped his head in acknowledgment of both the question and the gesture. \"Indeed, if the innkeeper is a generous and kind man, and if he finds my story pleasing. I will say that I have not paid for many rooms over these past few months.\" A bowl of watery soup was slammed on the table. There was a faint scrape of chairs being pulled closer. \"I found the inns in the next town but one back to be particularly generous. It makes for a good tale, if I can say 'ah, Alain's inn had the best food' or 'The tavern three towns down had clean bedding the likes of which I haven't seen in months.' Folks do seem to appreciate it.\" The soup disappeared, and a bowl of thick steamy broth replaced it. Philippe pulled it closer to him. \"Much thanks, kind sir. And another for my friend here, and some bread, and ale, if you don't mind.\" The innkeeper stared at him for a moment, then grunted, \"The story had better be worth it.\" Gentien raised a curious eyebrow. \"Is there a story, in fact? Or is this just a ruse to get a free meal?\" \"There is a story, my friend,\" Philippe replied. \"A story of Juliane, a woman of surpassing beauty, of Nicholas, the man who loved her, and of sin and an evil curse, and how true love saved them.\" \"Ah,\" Gentien replied, leaning back with a smile. \"A love story, then. Something untrue. A pretend tale for the maidens and little children.\" Philippe found himself bristling. While normally he was quite content to let his listeners assume whatever they wanted about the veracity of his story, this dismissal rankled. \"No,\" he replied. \"I assure you, it is quite true. I was there.\" He took a deep breath, gathered his growing audience in with his eyes, and began his tale. \"Her name was Juliane, and she was the most beautiful woman in Laon. Her hair was like golden fire, shining and radiant. Her skin was as pale as fresh milk, her lips like pink rosebuds touched by the morning dew. I have never seen a woman to match her before or since, and I expect I never will. \"He was Nicholas, the Captain of the Guard, and he loved her as she loved him, as the parched earth loves the rain shower, and the fire loves the dry wood. Their love was such that the town itself rejoiced in it, and wished them well. All except for the local priest, who wanted her for his own.\" Philippe paused. \"Priests, while beloved of God, are occasionally not who they seem to be.\" The crowd nodded wisely. \"And there are men, evil men, who don the trappings of holiness, but are not worthy of them. It is up to the Lord to judge them, but we must protect ourselves from the false ones, for who else is there to protect us? This priest was one of those, an evil man who made bargains with the devil. He approached Juliane in lust and desire. She refused him, and in his anger, he called forth a curse that was so terrible that Nicholas was driven far from the town in a hopeless quest to remove it. By day, Juliane would be a hawk while Nicholas was a man. By night, Juliane regained her womanly form, and Nicholas became a wolf. They were doomed - eternally together, forever apart.\" There was a group sigh of contentment, as the audience settled in for a story. Gentien watched Philippe, his face impassive. Philippe took a drink and continued his tale. When he first told the story, many months ago, it came haltingly. He was worried about being jailed for calling the Bishop an evil man, for participating in the fight that ultimately killed the Bishop and several of his guards, for being the Mouse that escaped the dungeons of Aquila. So the Bishop became the more familiar corrupt priest or a sorcerer, Isabeau and Navarre became Juliane and Nicholas, Aquila became any number of small towns, and Philippe's own part in the drama was severely reduced to that of observer, if he included himself at all. Tonight, however, Philippe found himself hewing very closely to the truth - the dance in the barn, the shooting of Ladyhawke, Imperius the Monk, the fight in the church, all were included. He mentioned his own part, too, and even pulled aside his shirt to show the scars left by the wolf's claws when Philippe pulled him from the icy river. (The gasps of shock were quite gratifying.) And all the while, Gentien showed no expression beyond mild interest. Philippe, somewhat aggravated, turned slightly away and focused on those who were giving his words the whole-hearted attention they deserved. \"Ha.\" Philippe surveyed his room with satisfaction. It was small, barely more than a closet with a straw-filled pallet for a bed, but the door closed, there was room to stand, and it was warm. He found a niche in the wall for his candle and placed the small tray of food on the floor by his feet while he changed into the clean nightshirt the innkeeper's wife had given him. \"Well, once again You are right, Lord,\" he commented. \"I tell the truth, or closer to the truth than I am accustomed to, and look - a warm bed, clean clothes, and a decent meal.\" \"Perhaps you should try the truth more often, then.\" Philippe jumped and turned to find Gentien filling the open doorway. \"Oh, it's you, then,\" he said, and sat on the bed, pulling the tray of food into his lap. \"Be off with you now, this isn't a room for sharing. And if you are here for baser matters, well, this isn't the room for that either.\" Gentien took a step inside and shut the door behind him. \"You need to be careful, Gaston. There are those who can see through your little stories.\" Philippe frowned even as his heart seemed to stop. \"It's a story, it's the truth, why should I care either way?\" \"Because I know the lady of whom you speak.\" Gentien leaned close and breathed a word into Philippe's ear. \"Isabeau.\" Philippe jerked backwards, almost kicking over his tray. \"I don't know that name. I don't know who that is.\" \"Isabeau d'Anjou,\" Gentien mused. \"The prettiest girl in the world, who grew into the most beautiful woman. Many have desired her, the mighty and the low.\" He quirked an eyebrow. \"Even I had my fantasies. But again, I advise caution.\" \"Why? Who are you, really?\" Gentien opened the door and stepped into the narrow hallway. \"Yes, caution. Like that of a mouse, Gaston. Use your whiskers to examine your surroundings for safety, be light and fleet of foot, and if you can, go back to Aquila. You may be needed there.\" He closed the door with a soft click, leaving Philippe in a whirl of confusion and fear. Go back to Aquila? It was not possible. He could not go back there. The dungeons never really left him, no matter how far he wandered. Going back that first time had been an act of courage that surprised even him. \"And if it had been anyone else asking,\" he thought, \"I would not have done it.\" And while he was glad to have played his part, and was gladder still to use the adventure as a livelihood, he was not going back. It was too hard, it was too hard, it was far too hard. Thus resolved, he set himself to eating, determinedly not thinking about Gentien, Isabeau or Navarre, mysteries of any sort, or anything other than the food on his lap, the bed underneath him, and his travels the next day. Back in the barn. The mouse took a different route, dodging around the feet of a large black horse, and out through the open door. He was expecting grass, anticipating grass, hoping for the camouflage it offered, because he was a mouse, and thus always, always, always in danger. Instead of the soft earth, however, his claws skittered on hard stone, startling him into immobility. He froze, whiskers working frantically, the rest of him still. Quiet. Unmoving. Staring at the woman hanging laundry in front of him, the bend and sway of her body as she dipped down and stretched up. The woman. Familiar, and yet not so. She seemed almost inconceivably tall and at the same time, he felt like they were of a height, that if he wanted, he could take her by the hands and spin her around and around and around. He stepped forward, not thinking about being a mouse, and somehow he was Philippe again. Not a mouse, but Philippe the Mouse, he who escaped Aquila and rescued the woman and was a hero. She turned to see him and a smile broke over her face. \"Why, it's you!\" she exclaimed. \"You've lost your whiskers, little mouse, but I am glad to see you.\" He opened his mouth to greet her, to say something, but no sound came forth. And then chaos, as armed and mounted soldiers crashed into the courtyard, their horses' hooves clattering on the stone, their voices raised in terrifying yells, swooping the woman up in their arms. It was as if fifty men stole fifty women, fifty soldiers with bloody robes and glinting swords. \"Help me, mouse!\" the woman screamed. \"Help me!\" But he could only hide behind a stone, tiny and helpless, and running like mad when the solders left. He bolted across the courtyard, through the gate, and directly into the monastery. \"Imperius!\" he screamed. \"Imperius!\" But there was only the wind, and the faint howling of a wolf in the distance. An empty bottle rattled down the steps and shattered explosively, shocking him awake. Philippe stormed down the muddy village street, glaring at everyone he passed. He was looking for Gentien, because while Philippe had no desire to get involved in magical things, apparently magical things wanted to get involved with him. Gentien was involved somehow, he knew it. He grabbed people at random, asking, \"Have you seen Gentien? Gentien, the man from the inn last night, have you seen him?\" Those who answered shook their heads in denial, or feigned ignorance. The rest pulled free and scurried away. \"These are dangerous times, Lord,\" Philippe said, standing alone in the middle of the muddy path that passed for a road. \"And it seems I am bound to return to Aquila. If there is danger there, or if this stranger believes there is danger, then someone should warn them. And if I am to be free of this cursed magical meddling, then apparently the job falls to me.\" He paused. \"Damn.\" He turned back to the inn stables, with the intent of obtaining a horse. Beg, borrow, or steal, it did not matter to him. He needed to leave, he needed to be quick, and his stride was only momentarily broken when he saw Gentien at the stable door. \"You!\" Philippe cried. \"You there, I must speak with you!\" Gentien nodded and gestured for Philippe to follow him inside. The stable was dark and stank of hay and horses. Philippe shoved inside and whirled to face the other man, pointing his finger accusingly. \"Who are you?\" he demanded. \"Who are you, really? Because I have seen strange things of late, portents and dreams. If you are a part of it, if you have done this to me, then you must undo it.\" Gentien shook his head sadly. \"I cannot undo anything, Little Mouse,\" he replied, spreading his hands helplessly. \"I am no sorcerer, I am no priest. I am but a man.\" \"No,\" Philippe said. \"I've had dreams, these past few nights, dreams of - her. I believe you know of whom I speak, and why I do not say her name aloud. And I do not find it a coincidence that you came to me yesterday warning of danger, and last night I had the worst dream yet.\" Gentien looked up sharply. \"What happened?\" \"She was taken by a group of soldiers,\" Philippe said. \"There was blood on their uniforms, and their swords.\" \"And Navarre?\" \"Nowhere to be seen.\" Gentien swore and turned sharply away. He stood in silence for a moment, head tilted back in thought, then spun to face Philippe. \"You must return to Aquila,\" he said intently. \"Take my horse, it is only a few days' ride, shorter than that if you ride hard. You must warn them, give them a chance to defend themselves. They will listen to you, they trust you like they trust no other.\" He grasped Philippe's arm and pulled him over to a large horse, one larger even than Goliath. \"There are men, Philippe, base men who lust only after that which they cannot have. The bishop was not entirely hated, and there are many who were angered by his death. Not all of the bishop's men are men of God, as the bishop himself was not a man of God, and they seek revenge. They hate Navarre, and hate Isabeau as much as they desire her, and their passions are driving them. Isabeau and Navarre are in danger. You must go back.\" Philippe grasped the bridle and, with the assistance of a boost from Gentien, mounted. \"And you?\" he asked. \"Will you also come?\" Gentien shook his head. \"No, I cannot. I will find help elsewhere. There is a man. . .\" His voice trailed off, and a flash of confusion went across his face. \"A man who might be able to help us.\" Philippe's eyes widened. \"You know Imperius!\" he whispered harshly. Gentien blinked and looked at him with clouded eyes. Philippe leaned down down and grasped his shoulder, shaking it slightly. \"You know him, the monk! He was also in my dream, except that where he should have been, he was not. If I have been given the ability to tell the future, and it seems that I have, then I fear for his life.\" Gentien smiled quickly. \"Perhaps. And what do you see of our future, Philippe? Will we be successful?\" Philippe looked at him silently for a moment, then shook his head. \"I do not know. I hope so.\" Philippe picked his way along the tree-lined path to the cottage where Navarre and Isabeau lived. It was small, built of stone and wood, with a low gated wall separating a small garden and courtyard from the rest of the property. He swung down from his horse and looped the reins over a low tree branch. After giving the horse a quick pat and the core of the apple he'd been eating along the way, he opened the gate to the courtyard. \"Isabeau?\" he called. \"Are you here?\" Philippe rounded the corner of the house and stopped, taking in the scene in front of him. Isabeau was there, beautiful as ever, and it made something in Philippe's chest hurt. She'd grown her hair out a little, now that she wasn't reliant on moonbeams to manage it, and the edges brushed her cheeks as she leaned down to the basket at her feet. She took a shirt from the laundry pile, shaking it out lightly before hanging it to dry. \"Do, do, l'enfant do,\" she sang softly. \"L'enfant dormira bien vite. Do, do, l'enfant do. L'enfant dormira bientôt.\" Philippe blinked and shook his head sharply. The courtyard, the washing on the line, the lullaby Isabeau sang, even the bits of hay and gardening tools scattered about were exactly where he'd expected them to be. Against his most fervent hopes, the dreams hadn't stopped once he left for Aquila. On the contrary, they had only increased in intensity and violence, to the point where he dreaded sleeping entirely and put it off as long as he could, riding as deep into the night as he felt was safe. And as he grew closer to the city, he began to hear talk about the Captain of the Guard, and his woman. Not all of it was nice. \"Isabeau!\" he called out cheerfully, stepping lightly across the courtyard and smiling at her surprised expression. \"Philippe!\" she exclaimed. \"Why, I cannot believe it is you! It's been many months, dear friend.\" She smiled widely and reached out, hugging him warmly. He indulged himself for a second in her arms, then stepped back, blushing. \"Have you come to visit? Or to stay? We have missed you, you know.\" She caught his hand and tugged him towards a low bench that sat alongside the house. \"Just for a visit, I'm afraid,\" Philippe replied, smiling. \"I wanted to see you, and Navarre, and perhaps rest a bit. It's a hard life, traveling, one never knows when one's next meal will come. Or what it will be. And sometimes, it is best not to know at all.\" Isabeau laughed. \"I remember it well. Come inside, have something to drink. Navarre is preparing to leave me for a few days while he rides off with his men.\" She rose and lead him inside to the kitchen, directing him towards the table. \"He has to guard the borders, or something. I admit I've never paid that much attention. He wanted to send me back to Angou while he was gone, but now that you are here, you can stay with me!\" She smiled at him. \"I found that I missed our evenings together.\" \"Mouse!\" a voice boomed, and Philippe was roughly grabbed, spun around, and manhandled into a fierce hug. \"Navarre,\" he choked out, struggling slightly against the strong arms holding him. Navarre whacked him heartily on the back twice before dropping him back in the chair. \"And where have you been? Off seeking your fortune?\" Navarre grinned blindingly as Philippe tried to catch his breath. He hadn't changed at all, except that the tension he'd carried with him when they were traveling together was gone. He gave Isabeau a brief kiss and snatched an apple from a bowl on the table. \"Tell us news. What have you heard?\" Philippe swallowed and decided to once again risk the truth. Well, a form of the truth, at any rate. \"I've come on business, actually.\" \"Oh, business?\" Navarre raised an eyebrow. \"And just what business would that be?\" Philippe leaned forward and lowered his voice. \"Perhaps nothing, but there's a rumor, a tale I am sure, but persistent. They say there is a man who killed a bishop, and for that he must die. They say he has a woman, one who drives men mad with desire.\" Philippe felt his cheeks heat up as he said this, and blushed harder as he caught the smiling glance the other two shared. \"I've heard it several times, and even more as I got closer to Aquila. And I've had dreams.\" He shivered involuntarily. \"I do wish you'd moved!\" he exclaimed suddenly. \"This is not a healthy place to live, and as much as I'd like to see you more often, I cannot stay here.\" Isabeau reached across the table to take Philippe's hand lightly. \"We understand, Philippe,\" she said softly. \"But Navarre cannot leave, and I must stay with him.\" Navarre, meanwhile, was frowning. \"These rumors,\" he asked. \"Tell me more.\" \"There are men,\" Philippe said slowly. \"Soldiers on horseback, and they will come into your home and destroy all that you love.\" Navarre slammed his fist on the table and stood up angrily. \"Isabeau, you must leave,\" he said. \"Philippe isn't the only one whose heard these rumors. I was hoping it was just idle gossip, but if it's gone outside of Aquila, then there may be truth to it.\" Isabeau's brow furrowed in thought. She looked at Navarre in obvious confusion. \"Soldiers on horseback?\" she asked. \"But why would soldiers come after us? You are their captain.\" Navarre sighed. \"Not everyone hated the Bishop, Isabeau. We did make enemies.\" Isabeau shook her head. \"I'm not leaving, Navarre. We were separated long enough, I'll not go away, and where would I go that they could not find me?\" \"Imperius,\" Philippe said in a flash of inspiration. \"I visited him on my way here. He is drunk, my lady, and could use your sweet touch to help him come back.\" Isabeau ran her hands through her hair in a gesture of exasperation that Philippe recognized from many nights on the road. \"Imperius,\" she said lowly. \"He is frequently drunk. I do not know that I can help him at all.\" Navarre put his arm around her shoulders. \"We do owe him,\" he reminded her gently. \"We should not forget that.\" Isabeau flushed and ducked her head. \"I know,\" she replied. \"I just don't want to leave you.\" Navarre tightened his arm briefly, then looked at Philippe. \"You will go with her?\" he asked. \"She shouldn't travel alone, and I will best be able to find out what is happening if I stay here.\" \"I will,\" Philippe promised. \"As God as my witness, no harm shall come to her while we travel. Even if it means giving my life, I will protect every hair on her head.\" \"Well, let us hope it does not come to that,\" Navarre said, a flash of humor in his eyes. \"You will leave tomorrow. Philippe, did you ride? You can stable your horse in the back with Goliath. He has missed you, I think.\" Philippe frowned as he stood. \"I doubt that. He has never liked me, no matter how often I apologized.\" Isabeau touched him lightly on the arm, steering him towards the door. \"Horses can be like that,\" she said, a touch of resignation in her voice. \"Now, go take care of yours. If we're leaving tomorrow, I have to get ready.\" Philippe caught the half-eaten apple Navarre tossed his way and exited the kitchen. He glanced back quickly to see Isabeau turn to Navarre with a solemn expression, and Navarre take her in his arms. Philippe averted his eyes and hastened his steps. He hated being the bringer of bad news, and more, being the one forcing them to separate again after only this short time together. \"I hope I am not wrong in this, Lord,\" he said, approaching his horse. \"I do not want to think how my welcome would change if - \" He jerked his head up at the faint sound of hooves. Thinking quickly, he clambered up the tree, using his horse as a stepping-off point. Through the leaves, he could see what looked like a small army. As they drew nearer, he saw that it was a smaller group of soldiers, maybe five to eight, armed. Philippe dropped straight out of the tree and hit the ground running. \"Navarre!\" he bellowed. \"Navarre, they are coming! They are here!\" He burst through the gate and almost crashed into Navarre in the courtyard. \"Who?\" Navarre demanded, gripping Philippe's arms tightly and shaking him a little. \"How many?\" \"Five, eight, I don't know,\" Philippe gasped. \"They are riding fast, with swords out and ready.\" Navarre shoved Philippe towards the cottage roughly, his gaze already gone flinty. \"Get her inside,\" he said as he drew his sword. \"Both of you, inside!\" \"Navarre - \" Isabeau said. She was standing in the doorway, pale as death, breathing fast. \"The alarm - \" \"Inside!\" Navarre bellowed, spinning around and pointing to the house. Philippe flinched and rushed over to Isabeau. \"Can you hear them?\" he asked, tugging her inside. \"I can hear them, can't you?\" \"I can,\" she replied absently. There was a crash from outside, and all of a sudden the air was filled with the noise of horses thundering, the clang of metal crashing against metal, and Navarre bellowing in anger. Isabeau grabbed Philippe by the shoulders and forced him to look at her. \"There is an alarm,\" she said. \"A big bell outside the back of the courtyard, by the stable. It hasn't been hung yet, but you should be able to lift it.\" \"My lady,\" Philippe started, but she shook her head sharply and cut him off. \"You must help him. He can't do this alone,\" she insisted. \"Go to the stables. Let Goliath out, he will help Navarre. Sound the alarm, and then you must fight, Philippe. You must help.\" \"But my lady,\" Philippe began again. \"You - \" \"I will be fine,\" Isabeau said. She smiled grimly. \"I am, after all, married to the Captain of the Guard. I've learned a few things.\" She shoved him towards the door and the chaos outside. \"Go. Now!\" Philippe raced outside and flattened himself against the cottage wall. In front of him was a terrible scene. Navarre was fighting two men at once, swords flashing and blood flying. Philippe edged closer to the back wall of the courtyard and was almost taken out by the arrow that flashed past him. He spun around in shock and saw Isabeau at the window, notching another arrow. \"A few things indeed,\" he breathed, and ducking, raced towards the back gate. \"Another one!\" someone shouted behind him, and he ran faster, almost crashing into the gate in his hurry. Someone grabbed him from behind, trying to yank him around. Philippe, who had never gotten out of the habit of wearing clothes that were far to big for him, raised his arms and dropped down, effectively slipping out of his tunic. He pushed off from his crouch, dodged a swinging arm, and hurtled to the gate, which thankfully, was unfastened. He pushed through and barely managed to close it behind him. It was a matter of a few seconds to find a large stone to block it shut. The soldier on the other side hit the gate a few times with his fist, yelling in anger, and then apparently gave up. Philippe rested briefly against it, panting slightly. \"A little warning would have been nice, Lord,\" he said. \"Tomorrow would have been nice.\" He pushed off of the gate. \"Goliath, then the alarm,\" he reminded himself. A sudden wind had picked up, and it was hard going. Philippe spared a glance at the sky, surprised to see the dark clouds rolling in, covering what was a clear sky only a few minutes earlier. He ran to the stable and pulled the door open. It was dark inside, and hot. Goliath was stamping his feet in anxiety, whinnying and tossing his head, obviously eager to get out and get in the middle of the fray. Philippe opened the door to his stall and got out of the way. Goliath reared up, kicking his hooves forward. He landed hard enough to jar Philippe's teeth, and was gone. Philippe made it to the door to see the black horse soar over the wall and into the courtyard. \"Goliath!\" he yelled, caught up in the excitement and punching his fist in the air. He ran out of the barn and tripped, falling flat on his face. A large hand slammed onto his shoulder and roughly rolled him over. Philippe's eyes widened as the soldier who had captured him leaned down, close enough that Philippe could feel his breath and see the flecks of color in his eyes. \"I recognize you, little man,\" the soldier said with an evil smile, hair whipping frenetically in the gale-force wind. \"You may have escaped from Aquila, but you haven't escaped from me.\" \"I escaped twice, if you will recall,\" Philippe said, panting in fear. \"Clearly I am fated to survive this place, so you may want to step away. You never know what could happen.\" The soldier slapped him across the face. \"Fate?\" he said, sneering. \"Your only fate is to die here.\" \"Then do it quickly,\" Philippe said. \"A dying man is granted a last wish, and mine is for you to stop talking.\" The soldier growled and stood, reaching for his sword. He raised it high over his head, point down. Philippe closed his eyes and curled up, shouting, \"Forgive me Lord, I tried my best!\" The soldier screamed. Philippe cracked his eye open in time to see a large tree branch hit the man in the face, knocking him backwards and on the ground. The wind had reached truly terrible proportions, and it was all Philippe could do to crawl towards the courtyard gate, which banged wildly against the wall before being torn off completely. Philippe pulled himself into the courtyard and saw Navarre and Goliath surrounded and fighting furiously. The sound of the storm was all Philippe could hear, and the force of the wind drove his eyes to tears, obscuring his vision. \"Lord,\" he whispered. \"Help us. Help them.\" Suddenly, a lightening bolt crackled from the sky and struck, tossing men and horses everywhere. Isabeau appeared seemingly out of nowhere, wielding a large kitchen knife. Philippe watched in horror as she raced towards the fallen soldiers, screaming in fury. \"My lady, no!\" he cried. He lunged forward and grabbed her wrist, twisting it so that she dropped the knife. \"You cannot kill, he could not bear it!\" She panted and struggled, her eyes glued on Navarre. He was slumped and bleeding on Goliath's neck, and Philippe didn't know how Goliath had managed to keep his feet when all around him had fallen, but it did not surprise him. Lightening struck again, this time hitting the stone wall across from them, throwing rock everywhere with explosive force. \"Navarre!\" Isabeau screamed, desperately. Philippe held on tighter, flinching as bits of rock and stone fell on them. He squeezed his eyes against the wind and cried, \"Lord, please!\" The storm died down as suddenly as it had begun. Philippe let Isabeau go, and she rushed to Navarre, gently drawing him down from the horse and cradling his head against her shoulder, crooning. Philippe knelt and picked up the dropped kitchen knife. Holding the knife low and at his side, he walked slowly to the nearest soldier. \"So, now you see,\" he said quietly. \"We are protected by forces beyond your understanding.\" His heart was pounding. The man stared at him with wide eyes. He smelled faintly of smoke and sulphur. Philippe felt a little wild, and kicked him lightly with his foot. \"You'd better leave now. Who knows what could happen next.\" The man took a deep, ragged breath, and slowly stood. He gestured to his companions, and as they gathered themselves together, he bowed slightly to Navarre and Isabeau. \"We are going,\" he said. \"We will bother you no more.\" Isabeau did not reply, but her eyes narrowed in warning. Philippe decided that he didn't actually see her eyes flash yellow. It was a trick of the light, surely. Navarre raised his head groggily, but still somehow managing to look menacing. \"Go,\" he croaked. \"Don't let me see you in Aquila again.\" The man bowed again, and lead his companions away, all of them bruised and bleeding. Philippe was not sorry to see them go. \"Philippe, help me,\" Isabeau called. She was trying to support Navarre's weight, but wasn't strong enough. Philippe rushed to give her a hand, and slowly, slowly, they made it inside the cabin and deposited him on the bed. Isabeau turned to Philippe and gave him a tremulous smile. \"Once again you save us, dear friend,\" she whispered. Philippe blinked hard, and swallowed. \"It seems that is my fate,\" he replied, just as quietly. Isabeau cupped his cheek in her hand, and gave him a light kiss on the forehead. \"Then we are truly blessed, indeed.\" Navarre reached out and grasped Philippe's hand. \"Thank you,\" he said. Philippe nodded jerkily, wiped his sleeve across his eyes and left the room. He paused at the doorway and looked back inside. Isabeau was sitting on the edge of the bed, tenderly wiping the blood from Navarre's face with a corner of her dress. Navarre reached up and clasped her hand, pressing it to his cheek, his eyes never leaving hers. Philippe stepped back and headed for the kitchen. They would be wanting something to eat. Epilogue Imperuis poured a generous amount of wine into Philippe's cup. \"Your friend from the inn,\" Imperius said. \"I suspect you won't see him again.\" Philippe sipped the wine cautiously, then shrugged and drank deep. Isabeau and Navarre had asked him to stay, but he actually was worried about Imperius, and promised to return after checking on their friend. He had forgotten about the potency of the old man's wine. Imperius hadn't allowed him any when they first met, but they'd had an impromptu celebration after leaving Aquila. Philippe vaguely remembered standing atop a stone wall and singing very loudly. He remembered more clearly the shoe that Imperius had thrown at him to make him stop. Now, all these months later, Philippe and Imperius were back outside under the stars getting quite drunk, and, at least in Philippe's case, a bit maudlin. \"No,\" he said. \"I don't think I will.\" He looked up. \"What was he? No man could call forth the weather like that. How did he know to warn me? It is magical and unsettling. And yet, I didn't sense evil on him, not like the Bishop.\" \"Mysteries build upon mysteries, and we are never really free of them,\" Imperius pronounced, slurring his words slightly. \"Evil is not always bad to smell, or ugly to look upon,\" he said. \"It is often quite beguiling. But no, I do not believe your friend was evil. I don't know what he was, but I think you should be very glad for him.\" \"I would like to be free of mysteries,\" Philippe said somewhat sulkily. \"I don't care for them, I feel like my life is being controlled by forces I cannot name, and I want them gone.\" Imperius laughed, slapping Philippe sloppily on the back. \"You say you tell the story of our adventures together. Do you think, little Mouse, that the tale ends only with a kiss? That lovers reunited will never experience heartache, or danger, or death? I told you once that you were caught up in a strange and powerful tale, and I do not think you will be able to get away so easily.\" Philippe hung his head and scowled at the ground. Imperius stood, and staggered towards the doorway leading inside the monastery. \"You should get some rest!\" he called back, without turning his head. \"Travelers with only stories to earn their bread need their sleep when they can get it.\" He disappeared around the corner. Philippe watched him go. Overhead, the sky was clear, the air brisk. A hawk cried in the distance, and Philippe smiled slightly. He would never tell them, but there were times he missed Ladyhawke. He rose, stretched, and followed Imperius inside. Tomorrow was coming, sooner than he would like. END ","Summary":" Careful the Tale You Tell Written for Ravenbell. Yuletide 2008 by ames \"And there, in the day that"},{"Movie":"Ladyhawke","Title":"Always Together Eternally Apart","Author":"caitlin22061996","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9873058","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I don't own anything. It's based off the move \"ladyhawke\". I wrote this as an English assignment and it's also my first fanfiction. So I'd really like some constructive criticism :) Thanks all! I could see the sun rising on the horizon, it look so peaceful and calm. So beautiful, yet so dark. I could feel my body start to change. My bones started to shift and form in places no other human bones have done before. It hurt, but I got used to the sting. The sun had fully risen now and I could see my wings in the light of the bright sky. It horrified me. How could someone put such a terrible curse on someone? I wanted to get out and make this better, I needed to see Navarre and tell him that we could eventually be together once and for all, but I knew better. I knew that we were going to be eternally apart. I spread my wings high perched up the highest branch on the tallest tree in the woods. I started to flap my wings and I jumped. It felt like I was soaring high. When I flew it was the greatest feeling, all my worries and fears just vanished. I wanted to leave this country and just forget everything that has happened to me, but I couldn't leave my family behind. And Navarre how could I just forget him? He was my one true love I couldn't just leave him behind to suffer this curse on his own. I stopped flying and perched up on a nearby log. I could hear him call my name. \"Isabeau, where are you?\" I couldn't let him see me like this. I never let him see me like this. Every night when I changed back to a human Navarre would change into a wolf and every night he would come to comfort me, even as a wolf he was such a gentleman, but I just couldn't do that for him. I could not and would not let him see me in such a way. I took off into the warm glowing sun. I didn't know where I was going, I just wanted to get away from him. As the night approached I could feel my bones start to shudder and my body start to ache. I never knew what to make of this. Was I happy that I got to return to my human form? Or was I utterly depressed that I lost Navarre forever? My bones started cracking and ripping it was coming. The moon started rising as the sun went down. It was dark and mysterious and suddenly I became cold. I was standing in the middle of the forest naked. I began my walk home, just like every night. I made my way to the castle door just in time. I could hear a wolf howling in the cold dark night. I opened the door and as always my mother was standing there with my clothes and a blanket. I quickly got changed and walked up to my room, not saying a word. My mother look drained she had done so much for me. Every day she would go out and find new ways to try and break this disastrous curse. There was a knock on the door and I knew it would be her. \"Come in.\" I called. \"Isabeau, sweetheart Navarre came over today.\" Pity was twisted in her fake happy voice. Tears welled in my eyes. He came here? The last time he did that was months ago… \"He wanted to me to give you this\" My mother said softly as she held out her hand. I reached out and she dropped a small locket in my hand. It was silver and on one side it had a wolf and on the other it had an eagle. I could feel the tears sting my throat as I opened the locket. On the inside was a message. It read; \" Always together; eternally apart, I will always love you.\" I felt my mother grab the locket out of my hands and gently clip it around my neck. I touched it softly with my cold and shaking fingers. \"I know this is hard for you, Isabeau. You have a lot of people that love you and care for you. We will break this curse\" But I knew different. It would never be broken. My mother kissed my forehead and whispered goodnight as she walked out. I could hear the howls; they cut through my skin like a knife. The closer they got the more I hurt. I went down stairs and outside into the crisp night air to wait for Navarre on the chair under the old oak tree. I could see his wolf form walk out from the dark tree line. He came closer and closer until finally he was right in front of me. I reached out and touched his head. He looked up and a single tear formed in his eye. We would never be together not like we once were. We could never break the curse I think we both knew that. \"I love you Navarre…\" ","Summary":" I don't own anything. It's based off the move \"ladyhawke\". I wrote this as an English assignment "},{"Movie":"Ladyhawke","Title":"First Days and Nights","Author":"Malicean","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7873620","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He wakes to half a dozen shadowy figures jumping him, twisting his arms behind him and binding them tightly, stuffing a thick strip of cloth between his teeth when he tries to yell. They drag him away, through more twisting passageways and dank tunnels than he knew existed in this place – and he thought he knew them all, conscientious Captain of the Guards that he is – but ere soon they are grunting with exertion, for he is a big man and a trained warrior and he does not make things easy for them, even when a blade is poked against his ribs. But then a soft voice fearfully calls his name, he twists his head around and the fight goes out of him, like wine from a slashed skin, when he sees the knife pressed against Isabeau's throat. They are dragged along together for few more steps, then pushed into a sparsely lighted room and forced to their knees beside each other. In the flickering torchlight he can barely make out her face, eyes wide with terror but her head held high, a true lady to the end. If only he could tell her one last time how much he admires her. Somewhere in the twisting shadows, a sonorous voice starts chanting, almost like the Bishop celebrating Mass, but though he can not speak the language himself, he has heard enough Masses in his life to know that this is no Latin. After an indeterminable amount of time, the ominous chant ends and suddenly he is hit by a wave of excruciating pain, as if every bone in his body was breaking and twisting simultaneously. He can not even scream properly, only a hoarse animal noise of agony rings in his ears, but the last sound he remembers, before merciful darkness swallows him, is the horror in Isabeau's voice when she cries out his name. o o o o o o He wakes to the sound of her sobbing. His bonds are gone, but when he tries to get to his feet, his limbs won't obey, so he settles for crawling over to where she has slumped against the wall. He tries to call out to her, to ask if she is hurt, too – and may God have mercy on them (whoever they might be) if she is – but all he manages is a strange yipping noise, like a dog in distress. She scrambles back in terror at the sound and the smell of fear spikes in her already distraught scent. There are so many things wrong with that thought. Why would she fear him? And why would her scent hold the most obvious clue, and not the sight of her panic – the lights are brighter than before, though the colours are strangely off – or the sobbing stream of words? Words which he can hear very well but understand only with difficulty. What is wrong with him? With a groan – that sounds wrong, too – he reaches for his head, encounters an unexpected obstacle and finally catches sight of an appendage that isn't a hand, anymore, but a paw. A wolf's paw or a very large dog's. Were he still a man, he could try to voice his disbelieving anguish – as the animal he is now, he throws back his head and howls. Wolf, definitely. No wonder his beloved is so afraid, she must think him a mindless monster. Is he meant to? Was, whatever devilry has turned him into a beast, also supposed to make him lose his mind completely, to fall upon the woman he loves and devour her? Or, the thought sickens him immensely, to assault her otherwise? He shakes off the torturous thought. His beloved is in terror and he can not abide that, he has to reassure her somehow. He doesn't know how, but his new form has its own ideas how to convey his feelings, it whines and cowers and somehow achieves such a non-threatening appearance that she doesn't try to flee further. Emboldened, it crawls forward on its stomach until a cool snout cautiously nuzzles her knee. She gives a start, and he jerks his head back, ashamed, and her eyes go wide in sudden understanding. \"Oh Lord, you still recognize me, don't you? You still know who I am. Do you know who you are?\" It's hard, so very hard, to make sense of her words. But he manages, and manages, too, to nod his head. The next moment she has thrown her arms around his neck, hugging him, petting him, burying her face in the thick fur on his shoulder, to whisper how she feared she had lost him forever... He tentatively licks her hand and wishes he could tell her that she hasn't; that as long as she is safe, he will be content to lie at her feet, her guardian dog, for the rest of his days. o o o o o o He comes to the next morning, stiff, sore and disoriented, with a vague recollection of the weirdest dream he has ever had, and wonders how he might have ended up on this unfamiliar stone floor, because he definitely didn't have this much wine the last evening. When he tries to sit up, he nearly gets a handful of talons to the face – or two handfuls, really, as a large hawk has apparently chosen his arm for a roost and is now flattering around in confusion. It is a beautiful bird, a female, judging by its size, but obviously distressed, screeching and flapping its wings wildly. He can not see any jesses to denote the owner, but it would be a shame to let such a magnificent creature batter itself to death against the walls of the chamber (however it might have gotten in here) , so he throws his shirt over it and carefully lifts it up. It calms surprisingly quickly, and he is able to find his way back to his chamber without accident, where it accepts the back of a chair for a perch. Then he has barely time to dunk his head in the wash bowl, to try and clear the cobwebs from his mind, before there's frantic knocking on his door. It is the Lady d'Angoulême, Isabeau's cousin, who has come to tell him that his beloved has disappeared from her chamber during the night and could he spare a few men...? He has no idea what is going on, but something, maybe the ominous dream, gives him a very bad feeling about this and so he puts all available forces into the search. He forgets all about the hawk. o o o o o o By sunset it is clear that Isabeau is no longer within the walls, unless she has sunk to the bottom of a well – and he will not contemplate that – and he calls off the men. Not that he intends to stop searching, but for now... for now he has holed up in a distant corner of the battlements, staring down on the already shadowed town of Aquila and prays to God to show him what he has overlooked. For there must be something, she can not have disappeared into thin air. The last sunrays paint his folded hands in blood and then... Racking pain. o o o o o o The wolf of last night's dream shakily gets to its feet, sniffs the air and realizes that now he has a way to track his love where eyes can find no trace. He quickly trots back towards the palace, ducking past the guards with the ease of the ma..., the one who has chosen their stations and arranged their patrols. He had meant to pick up the trail near her chambers, but he is still next to the Guards' Barracks when he catches her scent. He follows it, up and across the building and straight to the door of... his own chambers. Doors are tricky to open with no hands, but after the first two trials it is opened from the inside – and then he is so glad to have found her that he doesn't stop to think why she smells so weirdly of feathers and talons and rushing wind. She tells him a strange story about a hawk and a wolf and a curse and the sun, but the words all tangle up in his head. \"I will write it down for you, to read in the morning,\" she says, \"I can barely remember the day and I fear it is no better for you.\" She follows action to the words, and for some time he just watches her, rolled up on the floor, while she works on his desk. \"We must leave, whoever did this to us might still be here – tomorrow would be best. You will have much less trouble leaving with a hawk than I would have with solely a large hound for company.\" She laughs self-depreciatingly and nearly ends in a sob. \"You can even use the search for me as an excuse – I did understand it right this morning, and you were looking for me, didn't you? It's so hard to follow the words as a bird.\" He knows that problem, but she talks slowly and clearly and so he nods his head. o o o o o o There is a half-packed saddle-bag on the floor next to his desk when he wakes the next morning – thankfully in his own bed – and a missive written in Isabeau's flowing hand atop it. He reads it while the hawk watches with inordinately intelligent, pale amber eyes, and is appalled. \"Isabeau?\" he asks, halfway in denial, and the beautiful bird nods her sharp-beaked head. An hour later he rides out through the outer gate, his horse packed with all necessities and a hawk riding the breeze above him, ostensibly to search for the Lady d'Anjou on the lands before the town. o o o o o o Six months into the curse, he has scared up every wise man, witch or other person even remotely knowledgeable of curses within two hundred miles of Aquila. Literally scared up, when a tall knight with a huge sword, dressed all in black, comes calling, especially the more shady characters get terrified, and even the most innocent ones can't help blanching. Tellingly, the only one to tell him something even remotely useful, is the first that doesn't start quavering at his approach. In fact, she barely spares him a sidewise glance, before going back to helping an obstinate calf into the world. It is only afterwards, when her work is done and everything cleaned up, that she gives him a thorough look and says, \"Oh my.\" \"Where is your other half?\" she asks next, and \"Your love?\" when she sees the hawk. It's a curse meant to torture the heart, less the body, she explains, compassion writ plain across her weathered face, she has heard of such things but she can not break it nor does she know of anyone who would do such a thing – except that they are most likely motivated by hatred born of twisted love. o o o o o o A year is almost over before he learns more. He asks his usual questions at a tavern, when someone tells him of a lapsed monk, who started to weep up a strange tale of sun and moon and lovers and a curse, when someone paid him one cup of wine too many. It's probably nothing but a tale, but the keywords are all there, and so he sets out to locate that strange monk. When he finds him, he doesn't recognize his former confessor, at first, but Imperius recognizes him and breaks down blubbering, confessing everything he knows, for a change. He does not draw steel on the old priest, but he comes awfully close to killing the man with his bare fists. The next morning he finds a letter from Isabeau, telling him, \"Take me away from this monster, as far as you can.\" Of course he obeys. A/N: I'm drawing on werewolf lore here, for a) the transformation is worst the first few times; and b) the more you get used to the animal shape, the more beastlike your mental processes. Wolf and Hawk as seen in the film are obviously at above ordinary intelligence for their respective species, but not under a human mind's control. ","Summary":" He wakes to half a dozen shadowy figures jumping him, twisting his arms behind him and binding them"},{"Movie":"Ladyhawke","Title":"The Lesson Part Two","Author":"May Burton","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12973515","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Navarre and Isabeau saw the glow in the sky long before they reached the blazing tavern. At first they thought little of the red flicker lighting up the distant sky, so intent were they on their quest. Then unease began to creep over them and they spurred their horses on towards the orange smudge of sky. Both had the same nagging thought forming in their minds, there was trouble ahead and Mouse attracted trouble. Isabeau glanced over to Navarre as they galloped and his mouth was a hard set line. She spurred Lilou on, her heart thudding in her chest and her thoughts wild and panic stricken, 'let their Mouse be fine, let this be nothing to do with him, please God let him live.' As they got nearer to the ominous glow in the sky they began to hear the first roar and crackle of the fire. Crashes and shouts split the air. Another more constant sound could be heard as they rounded a stand of trees and first saw the inferno. Someone was screaming, a girl was screaming. The sound was desperate and unremitting. Someone had opened the stable doors and several horses, wild eyed with panic bolted past Navarre and Isabeau. Navarre swerved Goliath to avoid the terrified animals and leapt off of his back before he had even brought the great beast to a complete standstill. He pelted headlong towards the flaming tavern. \"Navarre!\" shouted Isabeau but her words were lost in the noise of panic and burning and the screams of the girl. Isabeau brought Lilou to a halt, threw herself off and sprinted towards her husband. Navarre had reached the crowd of people gathered at the edge of the conflagration. The heat was blistering here and the noise was huge. A young girl with dark hair was standing at the front of the crowd and pointing hysterically at the burning tavern. \"There's a boy in there!\" she was screaming, \"he's still in there! A boy!\" She turned suddenly and thrust an accusing finger at a man standing to her side. \"He left him to die in there,\" she screamed. \"He knocked him out and he's still in there!\" The man sneered and lashed out at the girl and she was was thrown backwards. Before she had even hit the floor Navarre was on the man. He grabbed him furiously by the front of his filthy clothes and drove him backwards \"What boy?!\" he snarled into his face. Isabeau reached the young girl on the floor and knelt down to comfort her. To the tavern owner it was as if the devil himself had risen up from hell to judge him. Furious blue eyes bored into him as Navarre thrust his face towards the corpulent and speechless man and repeated the question. \"WHAT? BOY?\" When it became apparent that the man was only going to gape stupidly and not answer Navarre shook the man violently and drove him further backwards. This seemed to snap the man out of his trance and he regained some of his senses. \"Never mind that upstart brat,\" he shouted, pushing back at Navarre, \"look at my tavern! Look what that boy has done to my tavern!\" Navarre's stomach dropped as the man's words became clear. He had seen Phillipe acting like an upstart brat in a tavern when he first set eyes on him. Phillipe had come to this tavern and done the same and now he was in that inferno. Unconscious, alone, probably already dead. Navarre snarled like a wild animal and threw the man to the ground. He turned to his wife still kneeling on the ground with the stricken girl and said hollowly \"Phillipe is in there.\" Isabeau stared helplessly at the towering figure of her husband. She knew instinctively what he was about to do next and also knew that she wasn't going to be fast enough to stop him. Navarre suddenly started forward towards the tavern. \"No!\" she shouted, rising to her feet and tried to reach out to grab him. Phillipe's hands slipped once again and he slithered further down the increasingly hot chimney, scraping his hands and his back. He managed to stop himself but the heat below him had increased alarmingly. \"Very funny Lord,\" he gasped, \"very allegorical. The fires of hell, I understand.\" He took a few deep, ragged breaths, his hands were stinging and his chest felt tight and painful. \"Climb to the light Mouse,\" he said, \"but it's dark!\" he continued with a slightly hysterical giggle, which he struggled to control. Eventually he stopped laughing and started coughing and gasping for breath. The chimney was filling with thick acrid smoke and Phillipe's climb was becoming slower and more laboured. \"Navarre, stop!\" shouted Isabeau running towards him, trying to catch hold of him to stop him. He strode on, not hearing her, not looking at anything apart from the burning tavern. Orange flames played across his face and reflected in his pale stricken eyes. She managed to get one outstretched hand round a trailing piece of his cloak but it was wrenched immediately out of her hand and wasn't nearly enough to stop his forward momentum. \"No!\" she cried, \"no Navarre, I can't lose you again!\" But he was intent on his purpose and no force on earth could stop him. Not even the pleading cries of his love, who had stopped now, forced back by the blistering heat. She could only scream at his retreating back. Phillipe tried to haul himself a little further up but couldn't do it. He couldn't see now and could only feel pain. \"Lord,\" he choked out, \"I can't do this, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry.\" The stones under his burnt and bloodied hands started to vibrate. \"Lord?\" whispered Phillipe startled, \"please don't be angry with me, I honestly tried my best, you know me, I...\" he stopped as the vibration became an audible rumble, loud enough to be heard over the deafening fire. \"Please,\" he whimpered, \"not like this, not in the dark.\" But the rumble became a roar and the stones were coming apart in his hands. \"Sorry!\" he exclaimed instinctively, as if he were responsible for the fabric of the tavern falling apart around him. \"I'll do better,\" he whispered, \"I'll be a better person, I won't lie or steal or cheat or...\" but his last word was drowned out as the chimney collapsed around him. Navarre was pushing on through the nightmarish wall of heat when the first crashing split rent the air as the roof of the burning tavern lurched sideways and settled sizzling into a new unsteady angle. The crowd behind Navarre started to scream and flee as embers rained down on them. The tavern groaned as the roof slowly split into two and started collapsing in on itself with a hissing roar. Isabeau had managed to catch up with Navarre as he faltered in the face of the destruction being wrought in front of him. There was no way in now, no way to rescue Phillipe, the structure was settling in on itself with squeals and cracks. Isabeau ran to her husband and shoved him backwards as the whole building disintegrated with a crashing force which drove them both to the ground. Fire and debris rained down on them as they clutched one another. \"No!\" Navarre was shouting over and over, \"no, no, no!\" Phillipe woke up slowly. He was comfortable and warm. He rolled over and sighed with happiness as he felt the soft feather mattress beneath him and ran his hands over the fine sheets. He nuzzled his head into the smooth sweet smelling pillow and breathed in the fresh morning air. Navarre must have opened a window so that Mouse could hear the birds singing and the trees gently rustling. Navarre was thoughtful like that. They all were, because they all loved him. They had told him so and it was true. All of it was true. He was loved and he loved them in return, even Imperius, who was annoying. He wondered what was for breakfast, sometimes there were eggs from the hens in the yard, or fruit from the trees in the orchard. Isabeau was teaching him how to collect honey from the hives without panicking and being stung. She had laughed at him the first time because he was so frightened and did it all wrong. But she was patient with him and now he could almost do it by himself. Honey was his favourite thing for breakfast. Honey and butter on thick bread. \"You are getting fat little Mouse,\" Navarre had said one morning, reaching over the table and ruffling his hair, \"it's a good job I don't need you to get back into the dungeons of Aquila now, you'd get stuck.\" Isabeau gasped and swatted Navarre's arm, \"Navarre!\" she scolded. \"Ignore him Mouse,\" she said coming to stand behind him with her hands on his shoulders, \"he's just jealous of you.\" Mouse blushed and grinned at the memory. Whatever they were having for breakfast was starting to smell good, it was wafting up the stairs and into his room. His belly rumbled. Actually it was starting to smell like someone was burning breakfast. It was probably Imperius the old fool. He could burn water. The burning smell was getting stronger. Maybe he should go down and help before Imperius burnt the kitchen down. He didn't think that Navarre would be very pleased about that. But he was too comfortable in bed, and besides it wouldn't be his fault. Let Imperius get in trouble for once. Now he thought he could smell smoke in his bedroom. He wondered why Imperius was burning breakfast in his bedroom. It was tickling his nose and starting to irritate his throat. He coughed slightly but that didn't seem to help, he moved his head to try and escape the smoke but it seemed to be everywhere. He groaned and tried to open his eyes but they were so heavy that he couldn't. He rolled onto his back and went to rub his eyes but only one of his arms seemed to be working. He supposed he was lying on the other one. The hand he did get to his eyes was gritty and made his eyes sting. He shifted in bed but the feather mattress didn't seem so comfortable anymore, it seemed lumpy and unyielding. The pillow had changed as well, it was as hard as stone. Phillipe opened his eyes and found that flames were lighting up a terrible sky and nearby people were screaming. Instead of being in heaven he was in hell. Isabeau and Navarre stood together staring in disbelief at the scene in front of them. The fire had consumed the tavern with alarming speed. Where there had been a solid building was now just ruins. The fire was still hungrily burning the wood which was left. It looked like a great bonfire. \"This is my fault,\" Navarre was whispering in horror, \"I drove him away and now he's dead.\" \"No, no,\" Isabeau was murmuring softly as tears slid silently down her cheeks, \"you did all you could. We all did,\" but she wasn't sure that she was even convincing herself. The crowd had thinned now and they were practically alone. A group of kindly women had collected the hysterical girl and led her away. The tavern owner had made himself scarce shortly after confronting Navarre. He had started to worry that the boy had been somebody important after all, if such a well dressed lord was willing to come looking for him. He didn't want any trouble. \"We shouldn't have told him we loved him,\" said Navarre, \"he wasn't used to it, it scared him off.\" Isabeau pulled him towards her and looked him in the eye. \"He was the truest friend we ever had,\" she said, her voice faltering, \"why wouldn't we tell him we loved him? We wanted to...\" she stopped and tried to control herself, \"we wanted to make him happy, make him feel wanted. He was so, so...alone,\" she started crying openly now, unable to even control her own grief, let alone comfort him. She tailed off sobbing and Navarre took her in his arms. His eyes were glassy as he gazed over her head at the smouldering ruins which contained the bravest little thief he had ever met. After Isabeau had cried herself out on his chest, Navarre led her further away from the tavern and carefully sat her on the ground. Taking off his cloak and pulling it round both of them, he sat down next to her and began the grim vigil they both knew that they would have to keep until dawn came and they could see if anything of their little Mouse could be recovered. Phillipe was disappointed, he knew that stealing was a sin, enough people had beaten that lesson into him, but he thought that God understood that he hadn't had any other choice. Apparently their friendship meant nothing. He supposed he would have to get up and face the demons which were going to torment him for eternity. He wasn't keen, he'd rather run away but he had an idea that running away in hell wasn't an option. Best to move and see what was what. Maybe he could sweet talk Satan into going easy on him. He tried to sit up, which was a mistake. White hot pain shot up his left arm and he collapsed backwards again, gasping for breath. He retched, started to cough and swayed towards unconsciousness. The pain was immense and unyielding. His whole body was consumed with it and there was nowhere to go to escape it. Very slowly and gradually it subsided and he lay panting in the hard rubble. His head was hot and painful and a thin sheen of clammy sweat was clinging to his brow. In the distance thunder rumbled ominously. He supposed the demons would come soon. They must know he was there by now. \"Lord,\" he whispered huskily, barely making a sound, \"I'm so sorry. I know you warned me and I didn't listen. I never listen.\" A hot tear escaped the edge of his eye and ran down into his ear. \"I'm so hot,\" he mumbled quietly, then he started to giggle, \"so hot in hell. Did you think it would be cold, stupid Mouse?\" he gasped through giggles which descended quickly into sobs. He lay desperate and alone, bitterly mourning all that he could have had and had so carelessly thrown away as tears wracked his body. Every bit of him hurt. He must have slipped into unconsciousness for a while because the next time he opened his eyes, the sky was different. The flickering of the hellish flames had been replaced by dark looming clouds. Thunder rumbled again, nearer now and a raindrop hit him squarely in the forehead. Another joined it and ran into his eye, which was puffy and sore from crying, \"Thank you Lord,\" mumbled Phillipe from a long way off, \"that's very refreshing.\" The rain pattered down on his upturned face and he didn't have the chance to even wonder why it was raining in hell. Navarre drew his cloak over their heads as the rain started to fall. Neither of them had said a word for some time, both lost in their own private misery. Isabeau's tears had subsided, she felt empty and was unable to cry anymore. She remembered the first time she had set eyes on Phillipe trying desperately to load a crossbow to kill the wolf and then warning her against going out there with the creature. Trying to be brave and noble in his rags, his wide brown eyes shining in the moonlight at the wonder of what he was witnessing. Navarre knew that this was all his fault, it didn't matter what Isabeau might try and persuade him. How arrogant had he been only yesterday when he thought that his life was perfect. That's what hope did, it lulled you and then it crushed you. Nothing was ever perfect. It was better to have a heart of stone than to be hurt like this. But then Isabeau stirred next to him and she was warm and she was real. A thing he had wanted more than life itself for two years was now real. Real, living, breathing human flesh was next to him. He hadn't forced the boy to leave, he had told him he wanted him to stay, he couldn't very well lock the boy up if it wasn't what he really wanted. Some people were beyond help. The rain was harder now and in the faint light Navarre could see that the small fires which had been burning at intervals in the ruins were being extinguished. Smoke still hung in the air but the steady rain was damping down the cinders in the hulking wreck. \"Stay here,\" he said to Isabeau as he rose to his feet and put the cloak over her. \"No,\" she said starting to rise, \"I'm coming with you.\" \"Please Isabeau,\" he said, \"I'm just going to look. I want you to stay here. I won't be long.\" Isabeau pulled her knees to her chest and nodded, the tears starting to silently course down her cheeks again. She didn't want to see him, not ruined and burnt. She wanted to remember the lively, cheeky boy, always ready with a smile or a joke. The life force behind the eyes, the youthful agility, she couldn't bear to think of that gone, and in such a dreadful manner. Navarre walked towards the tavern. He had seen death, he had seen war and suffering, disease and starvation, but on this short journey his legs shook and his heart thumped. He tried to move with an authority he didn't feel so that he wouldn't worry Isabeau. He reached the tavern and stopped, the rain was thumping down now, bouncing off of the charred remains. He steeled himself and stepped up onto the rubble. The going was treacherous and grim, signs of the once lively tavern were everywhere. Collapsed and blackened tables impeded his way, tankards lay strewn and crushed in the devastation. He tentatively moved some of the debris aside hoping to find any sign of Phillipe, but all was unrecognisable and terrible. Charred and sodden objects, impossible to identify were scattered everywhere. The collapse of the roof had flattened much of the tavern, leaving him to climb helplessly over heaps of stinking rubble. He could see no way of identifying anyone in this hell but he was not leaving here without a body to bury. To bury next to Élie in the frozen ground. He clutched at his eyes suddenly and a shudder went through his body. God was mocking him for leaving the shovel behind on the frozen ground. He had tempted fate and this had been his reward. A house of death and destruction. He gasped out his pain and lowered his head to stare, unseeing at the scorched remains underfoot. His vision cleared suddenly and he dropped into a crouch as something unusual caught his eye. A saturated oblong object was lying just under the edge of a sprawled table. It looked familiar but Navarre couldn't for a second think why. He tentatively picked up the soggy thing and stood with shock and horror dawning. It was a book, a familiar, beautiful book, made grotesque by fire and water, charred and bloated like a drowned body. He dropped it back into the ruins in disgust, all hope now extinguished. They would not now be returning home to find Mouse safe in bed with Imperius nagging and fussing around him. All hope was gone. He dropped to his knees in the filth howling in pain. Phillipe stirred fitfully in his sleep and frowned, the demons would be here soon, he could hear them, but he wasn't afraid. Isabeau heard as well and rushed into the tavern, tripping and sliding over piles of rubble and charred wood until she came upon Navarre kneeling amongst the destruction with a burnt book clutched to his face. \"Oh my love,\" she cried, dropping to her knees to hold him. When they felt able they resumed their terrible search for what remained of their friend and saviour. The rain was easing and the sky brightening but they searched in vain. Over and over they combed the tavern for any sign of Mouse but they could find nothing. \"Maybe he wasn't here,\" said Isabeau. \"The book was here,\" said Navarre grimly, not lifting his head from examining the charred remains of the tavern. \"He might have left,\" said Isabeau, \"when the fire started.\" \"The girl said he was unconscious,\" said Navarre without emotion. \"Navarre,\" said Isabeau with a hitch in her voice \"there's nothing to find.\" \"I know,\" said Navarre and finally looked up. His glacial eyes were blank and hard. \"We should go home.\" They collected the horses in the grey dawn light and led them away and around the tavern in silence. As they went round the corner they found that the rear of the tavern was now impassable and they were forced to come to a halt. It looked as though the chimney had toppled over outwards and ended up behind the tavern in a slew of stones and rubble. Navarre sighed and started to turn Goliath around but Isabeau was rooted to the spot, staring wide eyed at the fallen stones. \"Navarre,\" she whispered hoarsely, the tears beginning to fall again. Navarre looked at her quizzically and then followed her horrified stare to the tumbled stonework, but he could only see grey stones and blackened wood. \"What...?\" he started to say, but Isabeau had dropped Lilou's reins and was stumbling forward towards the fall of rock. Navarre let go of Goliath and started after her, and that's when he finally saw. A pale arm was poking out from the rubble, a small skinny thing splayed on the dirty ground. Navarre let out a cry and overtook Isabeau. Phillipe was lying broken and still amongst the rubble. His head was turned to one side and the rain had plastered his hair to his scalp. He looked like he was asleep. No signs of soot or dirt marked him. The rain had washed him clean. He was a sleeping child. Isabeau sunk to her knees by his outstretched arm and took his hand in hers. She started to sob as she raised his hand to her lips and then pressed it to her face. Navarre stood like a statue staring down at the small figure, not believing that it had come to this. Was his whole life cursed? First Élie and now Phillipe. He crouched and started to clear the rubble from Phillipe's legs, he gently took Phillipe's chin in his hand and straightened his head. Phillipe's left arm was twisted horribly underneath him and Navarre reached to straighten it out. At first Navarre thought that the small stir was his imagination, wishful thinking, his eyes playing tricks, but when he touched the arm again Phillipe let out an almost imperceptible groan. Navarre pulled back frowning. Isabeau was still clutching Phillipe's right hand and sobbing quietly. \"Isabeau!\" Navarre whispered, his voice coming from far away. He reached out and touched the peaceful face again, stroking the smooth cheek. Phillipe's eyelids fluttered. \"Isabeau!\" Navarre repeated louder, \"Phillipe!\" Isabeau finally looked up at her husband's face, and following his gaze, down at Mouse's. She let out a small cry as Phillipe's eyelids fluttered again. \"He's alive!\" she cried. \"Is he?\" she added immediately, shocked and confused. Navarre took Phillipe's face in both of his big hands, \"Mouse!\" he hissed urgently, \"Mouse!\" Phillipe flinched as the pain in his arm stabbed at him again, it had died down as he had slipped peacefully into unconsciousness but now it was like a hot knife jabbing him. He wanted to go back to sleep where there was no pain. But now the pain stabbed again and he tried to open his sore and swollen eyes but the light hurt him and he shut them tight again. He started to drift away and it was wonderful, and calm and soothing, like cool water on a burn. The pain jabbed him again and his eyes flew open. One of the demons was right in his face staring at him and shouting. It's face was wild and blackened. Mouse knew he should be scared but the bliss was pulling him down again. \"Hello demon,\" he mumbled faintly. Another demon looked over the demon's shoulder. This one was smaller but still wild eyed and streaked with black. \"Demons,\" he corrected himself, \"hello demons,\" he smiled and his eyes fluttered shut again. \"Phillipe Gaston!\" Navarre shouted angrily, shaking Phillipe's head in his hands. \"Navarre!\" Isabeau gasped, shocked at his roughness. \"He can't go to sleep,\" said Navarre, \"he's very cold but he isn't shivering. He has to stay awake, we need to get him up.\" Navarre put his hands under Phillipe's armpits and hauled him to his feet. Phillipe screamed in pain and collapsed into Navarre's arms. Navarre shifted the dead weight of the boy so that he was no longer touching his left arm. \"The arm is broken I think,\" he said to Isabeau who was standing, white faced, with her hands clutched to her mouth, \"we need to get him home, but we have to get him warm and keep him awake. Can you hold him round the waist without touching his arm do you think?\" Isabeau ducked under Mouse's dangling left arm and put her arms gently round his middle. They started to half drag him towards the horses. \"Phillipe Gaston!\" Navarre roared, \"wake up and move your feet.\" Phillipe's sagging head snapped up and he groaned. \"Move your feet boy!\" Navarre continued to berate him until Phillipe reluctantly shuffled his feet forward. They slowly made their way towards Goliath and Lilou, with Phillipe stumbling and Navarre speaking sharply to him with every plodding step. Once they arrived beside Goliath, Navarre ducked out from under Phillipe's right arm and pushed the boy until his back was pinned to the saddle. \"Do you have him?\" he asked Isabeau. She nodded grimly, Phillipe was slight but she tightened her arms round him just in case. Navarre took his water bottle from his saddle and uncorked it. He leant towards Phillipe and patted his cheek, not entirely gently, \"wake up!\" he instructed. Phillipe attempted to open his drooping eyes which was good enough for Navarre. He put his hand either side of the boy's mouth and squeezed it open as he pushed his head back. Navarre dribbled water into Phillipe's mouth until he started to choke. Navarre pulled back and let Phillipe get his breath. When Phillipe's head started to droop again, Navarre took a fistful of the boy's hair and hauled his head up again. \"More water,\" said Navarre, dribbling some more into the gaping mouth. Phillipe seemed to take some of this down and keep it down. \"Still all right with him?\" he asked Isabeau. She nodded quickly, keen for Navarre to continue his ministrations. Navarre rooted about in his saddlebag and brought out a shirt. He folded it and put it around Phillipe's neck. \"This is going to hurt him,\" he said to Isabeau, \"I'll try my best not to, but he might fall.\" \"I've got him,\" said Isabeau. Her filthy, tear stained face was resolute and Navarre had never loved her more. He gently took hold of Phillipe's left elbow and carefully bent his arm. Phillipe cried out and his knees buckled, but Isabeau had him and he didn't fall. \"I'm so sorry Mouse,\" said Navarre, \"but we need to bind it to travel, and we need to get home.\" He looped the shirt around the bent arm and tied it to the end round Phillipe's neck. Phillipe whimpered piteously but let Navarre fashion the sling and move his wounded arm nearer to his body. Navarre fished in the saddlebag again and brought out a blanket. He managed to wrap it around Phillipe's thin shoulders with Isabeau's help. Phillipe knew that the demons would torment him, he just didn't realise how much it would hurt. He thought he was beyond hurt, but he was wrong. \"I don't know how to get him onto the horse,\" said Navarre. Not that long ago he'd scooped a terrified Phillipe up onto his saddle and slung him over it like a sack. \"I don't think I can lift him without touching the arm.\" \"We can do it together,\" said Isabeau, \"we have to.\" In the end it was easier than Navarre had feared. The boy was so light that he could lift him without disturbing the bound arm too badly whilst Isabeau steadied him. Navarre climbed up behind him and wrapped him in his great cloak. He shook the boy gently, \"We're going home now Phillipe,\" he said, \"and I need you to try not to sleep. Do you understand me?\" He leant forward hoping for a reply and his mouth twitched into a slight smile when he got one. \"What did he say?\" Isabeau asked as she came alongside on Lilou. \"I think he just called me a demon,\" said Navarre wryly. The journey home was slow and painful. Phillipe whimpered in pain at every bump in the road. Goliath seemed to sense that his passenger was in distress and sidestepped carefully around obstacles and ruts. Navarre desperately wanted to go faster so that they could get Phillipe to Imperius but he knew that any more speed might damage the boy beyond repair. He hoped it was only the arm, he hadn't had a chance to inspect Phillipe's body, but aside from cuts and bruises there didn't seem to be any obvious blood. The head nodding in front of him was clammy and hot and Navarre didn't doubt that the fever had returned. He just prayed they could get him home before it was too late. Phillipe slipped sideways and Navarre steadied him. \"Phillipe!\" he barked, \"stay awake.\" Isabeau looked over with concern. \"Please hang on Mouse,\" she pleaded, \"we're nearly home.\" Phillipe could hear the demons talking but their voices were muffled and far away. They were taking him somewhere. To see Satan he supposed. He vaguely remembered a curse he had once known about and he shivered. He supposed that Satan was going to be very angry that he had helped to break that curse. \"Sorry,\" he mumbled. \"It was an accident. Please don't roast me alive.\" \"What's he saying?\" asked Isabeau with a frown. \"Something about being roasted alive,\" said Navarre. \"Oh my God,\" said Isabeau, \"what was he even doing there?\" \"I fully intend to ask him as soon as he's better,\" said Navarre, his face darkening. The day continued to brighten and the awful journey continued. By the time the manor came into sight, they were exhausted. Phillipe's whimpers were fainter now and Navarre was having trouble holding him onto the horse. Isabeau galloped onwards as the manor drew nearer to alert Imperius. The old man had clearly not slept and rushed out as he saw Isabeau approaching. \"What's happened?\" he asked breathlessly, \"You look awful, have you been in a fire? Where's Navarre? Did you find Phillipe?\" \"Phillipe is very injured,\" Isabeau said quickly, dismounting. \"Navarre has him. His arm is broken and the fever's back.\" \"What?\" cried Imperius, \"How? What has the fool of a boy done now?\" \"We must prepare,\" said Isabeau, \"I'll put some water on to boil.\" \"You should rest child,\" said Imperius with concern, \"you look terrible.\" \"No,\" said Isabeau, \"we can't lose him. He has to live. We're in your hands now father.\" Phillipe woke up slowly. He was comfortable and warm. A pleasant breeze was playing gently across his face and he could hear birds singing. He opened his eyes slightly and let some light in. \"Hello little Mouse,\" a voice said nearby, \"we've missed you. I opened a window so that you could hear the birds. Spring is coming. But if you're cold I can close it again.\" He rolled over and white hot pain stabbed through him, he screamed out and hands were on him soothing him. \"Easy, little Mouse,\" the voice said, \"you've broken your arm and it's still tender.\" The pain ebbed away with excruciating slowness. He finally managed to open his eyes again and found Navarre standing over him. \"Hello,\" said Navarre again, \"it's nice to see you.\" When Navarre had carried the stricken boy upstairs with Imperius fussing around him he had feared the worst. The boy was finally limp and the whimpering had stopped. Navarre was terribly afraid that they were too late, he knew he should have gone faster. But Imperius had got to work straight away, bustling around and dishing out his orders to Isabeau and Navarre, sending them scurrying up and down the stairs for water and medicine, his concern for their welfare completely forgotten once he had seen the state of Phillipe. He had insisted that they wake Phillipe straight away to pour some of his vile liquid down his throat, making Navarre haul him into a sitting position to do so. After that he had examined the arm and declared it a clean break. Painful certainly but not life threatening. The wounds on Phillipe's chest were another matter however, they were angry and red again and the boy's fever had returned worse than before. Imperius muttered and tutted and turned on Navarre who was standing behind him, \"How has this been allowed to happen?\" he demanded. Navarre bristled. \"He ran away,\" he said angrily. \"Yes, of course,\" said Imperius, deflating, \"I'm sorry Navarre, it's the shock. I thought we'd put this behind us.\" He looked down at Phillipe's pale face. \"Will he live?\" asked Navarre, not really wanting to hear the answer. Imperius was silent for a long time before he eventually turned and looked Navarre in the eye. \"He's very young,\" he said, \"it should count in his favour.\" The next few hours were agonising. Phillipe vacillated between deathly stillness and feverish writhing. Navarre didn't know which was worse. Phillipe's fevered ramblings were horrifying to listen to, Navarre could only imagine what experiences would lead the boy to have such fearful hallucinations. Then he would be still and deathly quiet and Navarre would start to think that they had finally lost him. Isabeau was helping to turn Phillipe when she finally saw the scars on his back. She gasped and looked up at Navarre. \"What is this?\" she asked, shocked. Navarre sighed. He had been hoping to avoid this. \"He hasn't had an easy life,\" he said, \"he has many scars and old injuries.\" Isabeau looked down at Phillipe with horror. \"But he's just a boy,\" she said, \"who could do such awful things?\" But there was little time to dwell on uncomfortable thoughts as Imperius kept them busy, applying cooling cloths to Phillipe's brow, mixing pungent ointment which he applied to the boy's chest wounds, bathing his blistered hands and fetching clean blankets. Eventually Imperius announced that they couldn't do anything else and would simply have to wait. He sent them away to sleep, despite their protestations. It wasn't until they stopped that they realised how exhausted they were. Isabeau's face was ashen and drawn, with dark smudges under her eyes. \"You must sleep my love,\" said Navarre, stroking her hair. \"I don't know if I can,\" she said sadly, \"what if something happens?\" But as soon as they lay down, they both slept immediately and deeply. After Mouse had woken up properly, Navarre gave him a couple of days before he talked to him about what had happened. He wanted the boy to listen and to understand and he didn't want any traces of fever to muddle his mind. Phillipe woke a week after they had brought him back to the manor to find Navarre sitting by his bed, his face serious and stern. \"We need to talk little Mouse,\" he said. Phillipe wiggled backwards in bed and pushed himself into a sitting position, careful to use his right arm to push himself up. Navarre regarded him for a moment and then spoke. \"Perhaps you could explain to me,\" said Navarre, \"why we left you safe in bed one moment, to find you gone the next?\" He paused, but not long enough to allow the boy to answer, to think of a lie, or deflect the question with a quip. \"Not just gone, he continued, \"but in grave danger. With reckless disregard for the people who care about you.\" Phillipe squirmed under the penetrating stare and licked his lips nervously. \"I once told you that you were free to go,\" said Navarre, leaning forwards towards the boy and frowning, \"but that was then.\" His eyes drilled into Phillipe's and he said very slowly and deliberately, \"You are no longer free to go.\" Phillipe couldn't look away, he'd never felt quite so much like a mouse. \"You will stay in this bed unless instructed otherwise by one of us,\" said Navarre. \"You will not leave this room unless one of us is here,\" Phillipe blinked with surprise, \"you will not leave the house without permission.\" Navarre fought to keep his voice level, to keep the anger from showing too much. He wanted to scare the boy like the boy had scared them, but only enough to be effective, not to drive him away again. \"God brought all four of us together for a reason.\" Navarre said, \"He gave you to us, you were sent to us and you will not defy God.\" Phillipe's eyes widened. His memory of what had happened was hazy but he remembered the demons and the certainty that he was being taken to the devil. \"You will stay here and do as you are told,\" continued Navarre, his voice low and dangerous, \"and don't think that I won't tie you up again if I have to.\" He sat back slightly, the boy was starting to look terrified, his eyes had darted to the door, Navarre was afraid that he had gone too far. He reached out and flicked the boy's shirt open to reveal the wounds on his chest. They had finally started to heal properly, the redness was fading. \"Who did this to you?\" Navarre asked. Phillipe looked puzzled. \"The...\" he started, his mouth dry, \"the wolf.\" \"Me,\" said Navarre, \"I did that to you.\" He didn't give Phillipe a chance to respond but leant forward and reached behind Phillipe's neck. He placed his hand at the top of the boy's back and tapped his finger gently. \"Who did this to you?\" he asked. Phillipe flushed red and his eyes dropped to the blanket in front of him. He managed a half shrug, humiliated that Navarre had seen the scars on his back. A tear threatened to fall and he swiped it away angrily. \"Look at me,\" said Navarre gently, \"Mouse, look at me.\" Phillipe forced his head up and met the clear blue eyes. Eyes that could be so cold and terrifying were now soft and gentle. \"No one,\" said Navarre, \"will ever do this to you,\" he pointed at Phillipe's chest, \"or this to you,\" he pointed at Phillipe's back, \"as long as you live under my protection. Do you understand me?\" Imperius hurried through the door holding breakfast. \"Good God Navarre,\" he said \"it's freezing in here. Do you want to finish the boy off? Do you always have to open the window?\" He put his tray down, shut the window and started to straighten Phillipe's covers. Putting his hand on Phillipe's forehead he noticed the boy's glassy eyes. \"What's wrong boy?\" he demanded, \"Do you feel ill? I thought we might let you out of bed today.\" \"I've just been telling our little Mouse that he's stuck with us,\" said Navarre, finally breaking eye contact with Phillipe. \"Ah,\" said Imperius sympathetically, \"you too little thief? I've been nagged incessantly by Isabeau about living in a draughty castle. It seems we've both been kidnapped.\" \"Kidnapped?!\" exclaimed Isabeau coming in, \"I said no such thing.\" The chat continued but Phillipe had stopped listening. God wanted them to all be together. He could see that now. Why hadn't he seen that before? \"At least I didn't have a tavern fall onto me,\" Imperius was saying. Phillipe's ears pricked up. \"It didn't so much as fall on him as spat him out,\" said Navarre with a grin, causing Imperious to laugh uproariously. \"Only Phillipe Gaston,\" he guffawed, \"could be spat out by an inn!\" Even Isabeau had to try not to laugh, clamping her hand over her mouth to try to repress the giggles. \"Hey!\" said Phillipe, looking from one laughing face to the other. Imperius did indeed let Phillipe get out of bed that day, and then to his horror and embarrassment, made him have a bath. \"You smell godawful boy,\" he said, \"smoke and ash and lord knows what else.\" He wasn't yet strong enough to fight the old man off and soon found himself being scrubbed clean in front of the fire. He squirmed and wriggled but couldn't get free. \"I'm not trying to drown you boy!\" Imperius bellowed, \"hold still.\" Phillipe screamed in alarm when the door opened but it was only Navarre, coming to see what the fuss was. \"Don't let Isabeau in!\" Phillipe squeaked desperately and Navarre left chuckling. \"My my,\" said Isabeau later, when a clean and freshly dressed Phillipe was presented to her, \"what a very handsome young man. Who is he and what has he done with our little Mouse?\" Mouse went to sleep that night content and exhausted. The others had taken to spending their evenings in his room in front of the fire and as he drifted off their quiet murmurs were comforting and reassuring. But in the middle of the night he woke suddenly with a feeling of unease. The fire had died down and only Imperius remained, snoring gently in a chair by the hearth. Mouse's heart was thumping in his chest and he didn't know why. The feeling of disquiet would not leave him and sleep eluded him. He lay in the dark fretting about something that he was struggling to remember. He attempted to sit up in bed. He kept forgetting to favour his right arm and it constantly surprised him when his left arm failed him. He managed to prop himself up eventually, breathing raggedly with exertion. But what was it? It took him a long time to remember the terrible thing he had done and when he did, remorse swept over him and unbearable sadness weighed heavy on his heart. It was over. He should have known that happiness never lasted, he'd been a fool to think otherwise. His health improved daily, to everyone's delight, \"I told you,\" said Imperius, \"he is very young. He may well regain all of the strength in that arm. He'll be running us ragged again in no time.\" But as his strength returned his spirit diminished. He became withdrawn and the sparkle which had started to return to his bright brown eyes seemed to be dulling again. He became listless and quiet. Imperius struggled to explain to Navarre and Isabeau why, if the boy's physical health was getting better, his life force seemed to be waning. Asking him proved fruitless, the boy simply curled into a ball and refused to speak. They cajoled him into simple activities which he complied with, but passively and with obvious sadness. The mood in the manor changed from relief and happiness at his return to tension and heartache at the boy's unhappiness. Mouse knew that he had to tell them the truth, and then he knew that he would have to leave. He was in the garden with Navarre when he finally plucked up the courage to tear down his new found life. The weather had been improving and Navarre kept making Phillipe go outside to help him with various chores, sure that the fresh spring air would help him. Navarre was kneeling down, tending to a damaged wall, with Phillipe standing distracted beside him when Phillipe suddenly spoke. \"Sir,\" he blurted out, \"Captain.\" \"Captain?\" said Navarre surprised, looking up. \"I have to leave,\" said Phillipe, his words tumbling out, \"I stole from you, I'm a thief, I'll always be a thief, and a liar. I'm no good, I'll never be any good. It was nice of you to be nice to me but I can't repay you. I'm sorry.\" Navarre stood up frowning and Phillipe flinched and took a step back. \"What are you talking about?\" asked Navarre, noting the flinch with dismay. \"I took your book,\" said Phillipe taking another step back away from the big man. \"I stole it.\" \"The Odyssey?\" asked Navarre. \"Yes,\" said Phillipe, \"that one, the one you were reading to me. I stole it.\" \"It was yours,\" said Navarre, \"you could do what you wanted with it.\" There was silence. The man and the boy facing each other in the early spring sunshine. \"What?\" Phillipe said eventually. \"It was yours,\" repeated Navarre. \"You live here, the things in the house belong to you as well. No one had touched that dusty old book for years. You're the first person for a long time to have shown any interest in it.\" \"I,\" said Phillipe, but he couldn't think of anything else to add, \"but,\" he tried, \"I stole it,\" he continued, sure that Navarre hadn't understood. \"I found it in the tavern,\" said Navarre, \"I thought you were dead when I found it.\" Phillipe's mouth fell open. \"Were you going to try and read it?\" asked Navarre. \"I,\" said Phillipe stupidly. \"Maybe,\" he added, \"one day maybe,\" he said, \"too difficult at the moment, but maybe one day. And..\" he trailed off. \"And?\" Navarre raised his eyebrows. \"It reminded me of here,\" said Phillipe. He hadn't meant to say that. He felt silly saying that. \"I brought it back actually,\" Navarre was saying, \"it was a little bit scorched and it got wet but it wasn't too bad. I put it back in the library. I think most of it is still readable. We'll try again if you like. Or we could do The Iliad, that's the war itself. Actually Isabeau probably wouldn't be too happy about that, it's a bit bloody, we'll find something else. Hang on,\" he said, \"did you think that saying you stole it would get you away from us? Well don't think it's going to be that easy. Did you not hear a word I said before? I thought you were starting to trust us.\" \"Trust you?\" said Phillipe, mystified. \"I know you don't really have much reason to,\" said Navarre, \"but I was hoping.\" Phillipe felt that the conversation was getting away from him. It wasn't going at all the way he had imagined. In his version Navarre would be violently throwing him out about now. \"But the book,\" he said plaintively. \"I don't care about the damn book,\" Navarre snapped. \"Now are you helping me with this wall or are you just going to stand there with your mouth open?\" \"The boy's spirit is returning,\" said Imperius with delight a few days later, \"I long for the days when he was quiet and still in bed.\" \"It's nice to have some young life around the place,\" said Navarre thinking of Élie. Some of Phillipe's antics and cheek would have delighted Élie. A day didn't pass without Imperius being outraged about some insolence or prank played on him by the little thief. They all knew that the old man's annoyance and bluster were nothing but a sham, and that he delighted in being targeted by the boy. The manor rang with his bellows at the lad, but Isabeau and Navarre noticed him chuckling and smiling on many occasions after rebuking the boy for some caper, or for refusing to take his medicine, or for claiming that he couldn't do a certain chore because his arm was hurting. \"That arm,\" Imperius said, \"is starting to be the best thing that ever happened to you Phillipe the Mouse. It gets you out of a lot of unpleasant tasks.\" They were just returning from the well when Imperius decided to play a trick of his own. Phillipe was carrying the full bucket in his right hand and walking in front of him when Imperius softly called his name. Phillipe turned to find an apple flying towards his face. Instinctively he caught it with his left hand. \"Ah ha!\" cried Imperius, \"l knew it, you young scoundrel, how long have you been able to move that arm properly?\" Phillipe grinned sheepishly. \"It still hurts a bit,\" he said, \"just not as much as it did. Please don't be angry with me Imperius. Imperius?\" But Imperius was no longer looking at him, he was looking past him with a look of growing horror and alarm on his face. Phillipe wheeled round and found himself looking straight up at a pair of enormous horses who had just come to a standstill in front of him and were stamping the ground and snorting out plumes of hot breath. Astride them were two scarlet cloaked Bishop's Guards, their helmets flashing in the morning light. Phillipe cried out and tripped over backwards dropping the bucket. He scrabbled desperately away from the terrifying site and towards Imperius who was standing ashen faced. \"Where is your master?\" One of the guards demanded, \"Where is Etienne of Navarre?\" Imperius pulled Phillipe upright by the front of his tunic and hissed, \"Go and fetch Navarre.\" Phillipe's feet seemed to be made of lead as he blundered blindly towards the manor. He met Navarre half way, striding grim faced towards him, and practically fell into his arms. Navarre grabbed the panic stricken boy by his shoulders and leaned down to look him in the eye. \"Go into the house Phillipe,\" he said, \"and stay there.\" Phillipe stumbled on and met Isabeau just coming out of the door, her face fearful. \"Go indoors Phillipe,\" she said. \"But?\" he panted. \"Now,\" said Isabeau and her tone brooked no argument. Phillipe fled indoors and raced up the stairs to the window in his bedroom which overlooked the garden. Navarre had reached the men on horseback and had positioned himself between them and Imperius. Isabeau arrived and stood next to her husband, her chin jutting forward in defiance. She turned briefly and spoke to Imperius who tottered off towards the house. \"Phillipe,\" he shouted, \"as he hurried up the stairs, \"where are you boy?\" \"I'm here,\" Phillipe called, and Imperius bustled in to him. \"They're just talking boy, just talking,\" said Imperius putting his arm round him but Phillipe could hear the panic still in the old man's voice. \"What about?\" said Phillipe weakly. \"There is a new Bishop,\" said Imperius, \"he wants to see Navarre.\" The four of them were sitting at the old wooden table in the kitchen. The two guards had left after speaking to Navarre. \"We knew this would happen eventually,\" Navarre was saying, \"one cannot expect to kill a holy man and face no consequences.\" \"That was no holy man,\" Imperius spat, \"he was in league with the devil.\" \"We know that, but the new Bishop may not,\" said Navarre patiently. \"We don't owe them an explanation,\" said Isabeau. \"Isabeau,\" said Navarre softly, taking her hands in his, \"they know where we are, we cannot live as fugitives. Not now, not now we are all together. He just wants to talk. I will set out in the morning, I'll be a day, two at the most. Nothing will happen.\" \"Why can't we all go?\" asked Phillipe sadly, \"you said we all belonged together. You said it's what God wanted.\" \"I know,\" said Navarre, reaching over and gently cupping Phillipe's face, \"we do. But I have to do this alone.\" \"He needs to go Mouse,\" said Isabeau with a bravery she did not feel, \"don't worry, he'll be back.\" The three of them all stood together in the grey light of dawn and watched as Navarre galloped away. Isabeau stood staring long after he had disappeared completely into the distance. Imperius put his hands onto Phillipe's shoulders and steered him back into the manor leaving Isabeau alone. He found the boy later, staring listlessly out of his bedroom window towards the gate. \"It would please Navarre no end,\" said Imperius, \"if you brushed up on your reading.\" Phillipe started guiltily, \"I can't read,\" he lied automatically. \"Well Navarre said that you could,\" said Imperius. \"He shouldn't have said that,\" said Phillipe, \"because I can't.\" Imperius handed him a book that he had selected from the library. \"I'm not a child,\" said Phillipe with disgust looking down at it. \"How did you know it was a children's book?\" asked Imperius smugly, \"because you could read the title, that's why.\" \"It's got a picture of a fairy on it,\" said Phillipe. Imperius glowered and flicked the book open. \"Read,\" he commanded. \"I can't,\" said Phillipe. \"Navarre thinks you can.\" \"I said that to impress him.\" Imperius studied the boy's face. \"Phillipe,\" he said, \"I know you can read. Are you embarrassed? I don't understand, you should be proud.\" \"I can't read, said Phillipe, \"reading is a sin.\" Imperius couldn't believe his ears. \"Who told you that?\" he exclaimed. \"Of course it's not a sin.\" \"It's a sin for people like me,\" said Phillipe. \"That's, that's not true,\" stuttered the priest, but he knew full well that many important people felt exactly that. He'd known priests and lords who would punish any peasant who dared to try and read and write, to act as a warning to others not to get above their station. They didn't want the downtrodden getting any ideas. \"Did someone stop you from reading?\" asked Imperius. \"I can't read,\" said Phillipe shortly and handed the book back to Imperius. \"But Phillipe,\" cried Imperius to his departing back, \"it is a gift from God.\" He fared no better with Isabeau who was in the stable brushing Lilou. She made it crystal clear that she was in no mood for cheery conversation and Imperius eventually retreated in defeat. Left alone to fret, Imperius decided to clean Navarre's armour. Carefully taking it piece by piece from the case he transported it down to the kitchen table and started to polish it. It didn't take long for Phillipe to wander in to see what the clanking was about. He sat down next to the priest and taking up a cloth he started rubbing aimlessly at a piece of armour. \"Sorry,\" he muttered quietly under his breath. Imperius glanced sideways at the shamefaced boy. \"It's alright to be worried little Mouse,\" he said, \"but there is nothing to worry about. Aquila was a good place once and it will be again.\" He prayed he was right. Isabeau arrived not long after and joined in wordlessly. She reached out a hand and touched Imperius's arm lightly. He smiled warmly at her, no words were needed. He knew how great her pain was. They all worked quietly and diligently for hours until the armour was shining and they were all dirty and exhausted. Imperius made up the fire and fashioned Phillipe a nest of blankets in front of the hearth. He made him eat some thin broth but didn't attempt to make Isabeau eat anything. Phillipe eventually drifted off and Isabeau and Imperius sat silently at the table, waiting. When the fire was merely embers and grey light was seeping into the kitchen, Isabeau was the only one still awake. She was used to the night and it brought her an odd sort of comfort. Imperius was snoring with his head on the kitchen table and Mouse was snug and quiet, just a tuft of dark hair indicating that he was there at all. She flinched at every slight noise, convinced it was the sound of a distant horse. When she did eventually hear hooves outside she had convinced herself that it was her mind playing tricks, until the sound became unmistakable. She hurtled out of the kitchen, waking a bemused Imperius with a start. By the time Navarre had dismounted Isabeau was on him, clutching his face desperately and planting kisses all over it. Imperius and Phillipe had arrived just behind her, and Imperius clasped his hand over the boy's eyes. \"Hey,\" said a sleepy Phillipe, \"what's going on?\" \"Nothing for you to worry about,\" said Imperius gruffly. He eventually released him and they were all united in a circle like that blessed day in the cathedral. Navarre was smiling and looking at them all. \"Well?\" he asked, \"where's my breakfast. There's a lot that we need to talk about.\" They cleared the armour from the table, with Navarre admiring every piece that Phillipe held up for his inspection. \"I did this bit,\" he was saying proudly, \"took me ages.\" Isabeau ruffled his hair and said with a laugh, \"is that so Mouse?\" \"I see you kept busy,\" said Navarre. \"Hardly noticed you'd gone,\" said Imperius. They sat to listen to what Navarre had to say, with Imperius busying himself fetching food and drink for the table. The new Bishop was a good man, said Navarre, a kind and holy man. He'd heard rumours about the old Bishop's evil and corruption and hadn't really been surprised when he'd heard the news coming out of Aquila that the Bishop had been killed by his ex Captain of the guard. \"Very Roman,\" the new Bishop had murmured. The full story of Isabeau and the curse had come to him via Navarre's old comrades, once they had decided that he was trustworthy. They also told him of the rise of Marquet, a favourite of the old Bishop, a bully and a sadist, who delighted in his new found power over the life and death of the citizens. The new Bishop was horrified and made it his mission to drive out any who had been loyal to the old Bishop or Marquet. The people who had been in the cathedral on the day of the miracle had told the Bishop of their joy at what they had witnessed, and so the Bishop had made enquiries about the man who had saved both his love, and the city from evil. Navarre paused in his tale. \"Tell us my love,\" said Isabeau, \"what did he say?\" She guessed what he had said and she knew that Navarre was anxious and nervous to tell them. \"He wants me back as Captain of the guard,\" said Navarre quickly, \"He said he needed a good man.\" \"Navarre that's wonderful,\" said Imperius immediately. Phillipe had dropped his head and was staring at the table, tracing his thumb nail back and forth across the wood. \"I didn't give him an answer,\" said Navarre hastily, \"I told him I'd need to think about it. Discuss it with all of you.\" He looked around the table. \"I made it clear,\" he pushed on, \"that I had certain conditions that needed to be met for me to even consider it. I told him that there would be four of us, my wife, our priest and our ward.\" \"Your priest?\" said Imperius gravely. \"Does this mean that you are you trusting me to take your confessions again?\" \"Of course we trust you,\" said Isabeau, leaning over the table to take his hand, \"who else is going to be our priest? Who else knows as quite as well as you?\" Imperius nodded, unable suddenly to speak and squeezed Isabeau's hand. \"Guiscard was there,\" Navarre continued, \"my old sergeant, do you remember Isabeau? A good man, a loyal man. He was exiled from the city when he refused to follow Marquet, he was lucky to escape with his life. But he's back now and loyal to the new Bishop.\" \"I remember Guiscard,\" said Isabeau with a smile. \"There is a house Isabeau,\" said Navarre, \"Guiscard took me to see it. A beautiful house. For the captain of the guard and his family. On the outskirts of the city, enough rooms for us all, stables for the horses and Abraham, and a garden of our own. Flowers and so many trees. It will be so beautiful in the summer. And there are beehives Isabeau!\" Phillipe's head snapped up, \"bees?\" he asked in surprise. \"Yes Phillipe,\" said Navarre, \"bees. We can have our own honey.\" \"Bees,\" said Phillipe in a faraway voice. Navarre looked at him quizzically. \"Did Marquet live in the house?\" asked Isabeau with a frown. \"No, no,\" said Navarre quickly. \"It's a present from the Bishop. When he heard there would be four of us he said he had the perfect place. It's his gift to us. To make restitution I think for what we have suffered. All of us.\" He looked around the table at their faces. Imperius, damp eyed and smiling. Isabeau, glowing with expectation and Phillipe, still staring down at the table, quiet and unreadable. \"Even if I agree to the post,\" he said, \"I told them that if it didn't work, then we would need to be free to go. We can come back here.\" He stopped and waited for their reaction. \"Isabeau?\" he asked. Isabeau turned her beautiful face towards him and smiled. \"It sounds wonderful,\" she said and she meant it. Her misgivings had been swept away by his enthusiasm and his sweet insistence on getting assurances for all of them. A house and garden of their own, in the city but away from the city. She knew what getting his old command back meant to him. She knew how seriously he took his honour. It sounded perfect. Navarre smiled with relief and turned to Imperius. \"Father?\" he asked. \"I would go with you to the ends of the earth my son,\" said the old priest in a thick voice and Navarre reached over to take his hand. Navarre turned to Phillipe last. He knew this would be the most difficult conversation. The boy had no happy memories of Aquila to rely on. He would have to trust Navarre's word that the city had changed, and Navarre didn't know if he had done enough yet to deserve that trust. \"Phillipe?\" he asked. \"What's a ward?\" said Phillipe. \"It means you are under my protection little Mouse,\" said Navarre, \"like I told you.\" Phillipe seemed to be considering this. \"We can come back?\" asked the boy, \"if we don't like it?\" \"Yes,\" said Navarre, \"it was one of my conditions.\" \"What if just one of us doesn't like it?\" he asked, his eyes still fixed on the table top. \"We all have to like it,\" said Navarre, \"or we come back.\" \"But the food is running out here,\" said Phillipe, \"what would we eat if we came back?\" Navarre raised his eyebrows, the boy really didn't miss a thing. \"There will be food in the summer,\" said Navarre, \"we'll get the manor up and running properly and we will store it. We won't go hungry.\" \"Did you hang a lot of people like me when you were the Captain of the guard?\" asked Phillipe. Navarre was thrown momentarily. He knew this would be tricky but the boy had a way of catching him unawares. \"I hanged some criminals,\" he said after a brief hesitation, \"but not for petty offences.\" \"Navarre was always a fair and just Captain,\" said Imperius with slight irritation. \"It's all right Imperius,\" said Navarre calmly, \"Phillipe is entitled to know what my job entailed, what it may entail again. My job was to protect the city and the people. I was never asked to do anything against my conscience until,\" he paused, choosing his words carefully, \"until the Bishop's love of power overwhelmed him.\" Phillipe was silent for a moment. Navarre held his breath. \"Can we take some of the books from the library with us?\" he asked. \"Yes of course,\" said Navarre, his voice breaking slightly, \"as many as you want.\" Navarre sent word to Aquila that their answer was yes a few days later when a messenger came from the city. Then they set about packing and readying themselves. \"Phillipe,\" said Navarre, \"does that look like a shoulder piece to you?\" Phillipe looked down at the piece of armour he was holding. \"Um,\" he said, \"well it might be.\" \"It's a leg piece Phillipe,\" said Navarre, \"try again.\" Phillipe put it gently onto the floor and picked up another piece of gleaming armour. \"This one?\" he asked. \"That one,\" said Navarre, smiling. Phillipe had wanted to know where all of the pieces went and Navarre was trying to teach him. He thought it would fill the time before they left and keep Phillipe from fretting about Aquila. He just hadn't reckoned on how much time it would fill. He'd been standing up for what seemed like an age now whilst Phillipe decided which bit to put on him next. \"Now strap it onto my shoulder,\" said Navarre patiently, \"that's it, buckle up the straps. Bit tighter so that it doesn't fall off.\" Phillipe's look of concentration was quite something and Navarre fought the urge to laugh. Phillipe's tongue was sticking slightly out of the side of his mouth and his eyes were fixed on his task. Navarre had been dressed by many squires in his life but none so dedicated to doing as good a job as Phillipe. Most squires were trained from an early age and took their duties in their stride, almost casually. Phillipe on the other hand was treating the job with a reverence that Navarre found sweetly affecting. He doubted whether anyone had ever given the boy any responsibility and now that he had it Phillipe was determined to do his best. \"Good,\" said Navarre, \"nearly finished.\" Phillipe stood back to study the result so far. \"You're an excellent squire,\" said Navarre, thinking that if Phillipe ever did have to dress him for battle, the war would likely be over before he was ready. Phillipe beamed with pride and the tips of his ears went pink. On a bright spring morning a few days later they assembled in the yard to start their journey. \"If you put anything else onto this cart,\" Imperius snapped at Phillipe, \"you'll have to pull it and Abraham can ride in it.\" Phillipe ignored him and popped a few more books into the cart. \"You cannot take the whole library,\" Imperius continued. \"and anyway I will expect you to read all of those. And then I expect you to learn to write. I've longed to have a student to teach.\" Phillipe rolled his eyes. \"I saw that,\" said Imperius, \"when you're my student there won't be any cheek. There's a bright mind in that fool head of yours and I'm not going to let that go to waste. I'll make a scholar of you yet.\" \"I'm not going to be your student,\" said Phillipe, \"I'd rather fall down a well.\" Navarre cleared his throat. He and Isabeau were mounted and waiting for the bickering to finish. \"When you're quite ready,\" he said. \"I'm ready,\" said Imperius, \"it's this fool of a boy. Why you told him he could take what he wanted I will never know.\" He picked up a book with a picture of a fairy stamped in gold onto the leather cover and waved it at Phillipe. \"Oh I see,\" he said, \"I thought you weren't a child.\" \"Navarre's going to read that one to you at night,\" said Phillipe, climbing onto the cart, \"to send you to sleep.\" \"You young..\" said Imperius but Navarre had cleared his throat again. \"Shall we?\" he asked them smiling, \"it would be nice to set off at some stage. We need to be half way by sundown so that we can stop for the night.\" \"I've been ready for ages,\" said Phillipe. Imperius shoved him so hard that he fell off of the cart. Imperius flapped the reins and Abraham started off with Navarre and Isabeau riding slightly ahead and laughing. Phillipe caught up before they reached the gate and jumped onto the cart. \"I don't have to take this,\" he muttered, \"I'm a young man, I've got prospects.\" Navarre turned to look lovingly at the radiant, laughing face of his wife. The woman he thought he'd never see again. Who he wouldn't have seen again if it hadn't been for a drunken old priest and a little thief. He wondered what Élie would make of his strange new life, of his strange new family. He was sure that Élie would be most amused, but also happy for him. For all of them. ","Summary":" Navarre and Isabeau saw the glow in the sky long before they reached the blazing tavern. At first t"},{"Movie":"Ladyhawke","Title":"Afterward","Author":"Amaruk Wolfheart of the Wraith","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6841686","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Afterward – Amaruk Wolfheart Warnings/Pairings: Toward the end of the second part there is some suggestiveness of (to use Lixxle's phrase) adult-type touching. Nothing explicit, though. Also, the use of ellipses at the end of the first part may, by some, be considered slightly excessive. (But I'm not changing it coz that's the way it should sound so there.) Pairing is eternally and unashamedly Navarre and Isabeau. Notes: I have loved Ladyhawke for… Good Lord, for nearly a decade now. oO I've had a vague fic idea for several of those years. This is not that fic. ^_^;; This came to me almost entirely during the last time I watched the movie. Isabeau's part is partly inspired, I'm sure, by Dark Queen 76's Ladyhawke Revisited and Tris'sLightningQuill's Flying . Both fics are quite good, and ought to be read and reviewed (hinthint). ; ) Dedicated to… all those who have added Ladyhawke fan fiction to this site, particularly the two mentioned above, and extra-specially to Mojave Dragonfly, whose brilliant fic The Blessing is my absolute favorite. Go and read it! -Rutile's Spectacularly Amazing Disclaimer- As this is the author's first Ladyhawke endeavor, I'll make it simple: the author makes no claim to the original material, nor is any profit being made from this fic other than her own simple-minded amusement. The End. Life wasn't perfect after the curse was broken. Honestly, he hadn't expected it to be – primarily because he had never expected the curse to ever be broken in the first place. But in that instant when he held her for the first time in two years, he admittedly had seen nothing but a gloriously happy future. Well, it was gloriously happy, but it wasn't perfect. For example, he could not spend all day every day in bed with his love. All jesting aside, there had been several difficult weeks immediately after their reunion in which they had been separated while the Church investigated the circumstances surrounding her wayward bishop's death. True, all that had been cleared up, but those were not the only problems they faced. There were still some men that he did not trust in the guard, and even as their newly reinstated captain he could not dismiss them without due cause – particularly since many of them had connections to powerful families. He suspected that this, in many cases, was the sole reason that they had been promoted in his absence. A less serious problem, but one that occupied his thoughts rather more, was that he could not see the monk or the mouse that were so dear to him as often as he would like. Sometimes he dreamed of a hawk and woke abruptly, half-afraid that he would see a bird instead of the woman he loved beside him. Sometimes he dreamed of a wolf and woke abruptly, half-yearning for four paws and lean, enduring strength. And of course they fought sometimes, he and his love. With his temper and her spirited nature, how could they not clash on occasion? But in that moment… That moment just as the sun began to rise… When sometimes he woke to find her eyes already on him, but more often was granted the joy of watching her sleep for a while before her lashes fluttered and opened… In that moment when the first rays of sunlight began to brighten their room and he could reach out and ever so gently caress her cheek or brush his fingertips against the hand that was already reaching for him… In that moment in the early morning when he could touch her, truly touch her, and she did not vanish from him in a flare of feathers and screeching cry but touched him back … In that moment, Captain Etienne Navarre knew to the core of his being that life was absolutely, entirely perfect. -.-.- -.-.- -.-.- When she saw the light leave the bishop's eyes, she felt truly free for the first time in years. Never mind that every day of those years had been spent with wings and the boundless sky – that was nothing to this. Nothing to leaving her hood and jesses with that cruel man while the one she loved lifted her into his arms. And yet… As the days passed, she found herself looking more and more often to the sky. She had changed. Proper ladies did not carry knives, nor hunt with them or any other weapon. Proper ladies never wore leggings, not even once in a while. Proper ladies sat demurely, perhaps embroidering. Although for the most part the women of Aquila gladly welcomed her back, she could not miss the quickly hidden sneers at her hair, or hushed, disapproving whispers about her \"bad habits.\" Even the joy and relief of her dear cousin could not quite erase the longing she sometimes felt for a walk through the woods or a chase after a rabbit. The monk who once again heard her confessions, though a dear friend, could not help her with this. The little thief who had done so much for her was hardly proper company for a lady, and so her time with him was rare. Her love did not at first notice the slowly growing feeling she had of being caged, but she could not blame him. Both of them were two years out of practice reading each other's expressions and moods, both of them had changed, and she tried to hide it so he would not worry. But eventually, he did notice the way she stared up from a courtyard or out from a wall top, and it wasn't long before he reasoned out why. She missed flying. She missed her wings . He tried to help – taking her out for long, vigorous rides whenever he had the time, for instance – but even a galloping horse could not truly compare to the very wind bearing her along. It was at night when he succeeded. His hands. His lips. The words he murmured. The feel of his body pressed against hers. The sheer awe of being able to look at, speak to, hold each other at last. It gave her such a giddy, soaring happiness that she might have been an arrow shot from a bow – or a hawk on the wind. As she slowly accustomed herself to life in Aquila, Isabeau d'Anjou Navarre often gave thanks that she loved a man who could make her fly. ","Summary":" Afterward – Amaruk Wolfheart Warnings/Pairings: Toward the end of the second part there is some sug"},{"Movie":"Ladyhawke","Title":"The Blessing","Author":"Mojave Dragonfly","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4283930","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: The Blessing Author: Mojave Dragonfly Rating: PG Warnings: possibly slightly AU Word count: 3,777 Summary: How do Isabeau, Navarre and Philippe live following the movie? Fugitives from the French king's soldiers find supernatural aid in the forest. A/N: I postulate that while the Bishop's curse no longer keeps the lovers apart, they still have the ability to transform. Merten and Albrecht pressed their tired mounts hard, veering clear of roads and villages, fording streams and attacking hills, looking for cover. Behind them they felt and sometimes heard, the pounding of pursuit as the French king's entire army hunted them as spies. Merten cursed the folly that had spurred him to escort his young prince into France. Surely there were other high-born ladies the young man could marry. It might seem a fine thing to Albrecht to die for love, but Merten was far less sanguine about it. \"There,\" Merten called, pointing. \"The forest.\" France's primeval forest — the part not yet tamed and cleared for huts and cookfires — stretched before them, a fairyland fence between them and safety. Above it, wings glinting in the fading sun, a hawk circled, watching. Merten saw Albrecht's look of doubt, for, to reach the dark haven, they would have to cross open meadowlands, visible to anyone in the vale below. Once there, though, they might elude their pursuers in the night. What soldier would be eager to enter that wood? Only the desperate like Merten and his prince would welcome its ominous embrace. Merten urged his horse into the open and Albrecht followed. Their sprint to the forest felt like it took an age. Despite the wind singing by his ears, Merten heard the shouts of discovery from the men behind them. His back prickled as he imagined being shot by an arrow. The forest was their only friend. Above them, the hawk cried. At the forest's edge, their horses shied. Merten nearly toppled over his mount's head, the creature stopped so abruptly. Albrecht's horse reared, and only the boy's excellent training, for which Merten was responsible, kept him in his seat. \"Go, go!\" they both cried, spurring. Merten's horse turned its head against the reins and showed one white-circled, terrified eye. Albrecht's horse sidestepped to the east, along the forest's edge, ignoring its rider's commands. Their pursuers were halfway across the grassland. \"We have to leave the horses,\" Albrecht said, dismounting. Merten had objections — many objections — but the forest consumed his prince, and he must follow. With a silent apology to his horse, he slid from the saddle and dived into the brush. The forest was another world, a world of dappled green and deep shadow. Thin at the threshold, so Merten and Albrecht moved easily, if noisily, through the lighted areas. They heard the soldiers reach their horses. \"Find them,\" cried a harsh voice. \"Twenty gold to the man who brings me a head. Twenty for each.\" Merten and Albrecht doubled their efforts to reach the darker, thick verge as they heard the crashing sounds behind them. \"What's the matter with the damned horses?\" someone yelled. Albrecht paused at the thicket and Merten nearly fell on top of him. \"Go on,\" Merten urged. \"They can come in on foot.\" Albrecht gave him an apprehensive look and stepped gingerly into the dark. He struggled with the thick brush, finally leaving a disturbed area where Merten could follow. Above the din of angry voices, Merten heard the hawk again. Abruptly, he could hardly move or see, trapped in grasping branches and shackles of wood as high as his knees. He heard Albrecht panting nearby and a wheezing that was his own breath. \"They're coming,\" Albrecht said in a low voice, for many of their pursuers were in the thinner wood, nearly in hearing range. \"I can't move in this.\" \"Stay still. The sun is nearly down.\" Their options had dwindled. Unable to flee farther, hiding and praying was their only hope. Merten prayed to the Holy Family and to every saint he could remember. The distant sun hid its face behind mountains, and all was black. The nearby voices changed from angry to fearful. The captains lashed at their men with threats and taunts, but in the end, the soldiers withdrew to the edge of the forest. All this Merten learned from his ears; his eyes told him nearly nothing. \"Now what?\" Albrecht whispered. \"We can't go back; they're bivouacking out there.\" Merten shivered and resumed his noisy struggles to move more freely in the brush. \"Beyond this forest are the peaks that border our land. We must get as far as we can tonight. In the daylight they might find the courage to follow.\" \"But this forest . . .\" Merten could almost make out his prince's pale face as his eyes grew accustomed to the gloom. \"We could be lost forever in here.\" He nodded. \"I know.\" Their own land still held untamed Forest, and its legends were vile. The Witch Who Ate Children, The Black Baron, The Poisoned Beauty, The Devil's Lights, The Cat's Cauldron . . . all these forest enchantments sprang into his own imagination, and would be plaguing Albrecht no less. \"We have no choice, my prince. We have no food or water, much less shelter.\" \"You're in a tighter noose than that, my friends,\" said a cheerful voice. Merten managed to draw his sword, despite the branches, as he turned. Only a short distance from them, higher on a slight rise, which he wouldn't have known was a rise until now, was a man; young, by the sound of his voice, wearing light colored clothes that made him look ghostly in the gloom. \"You!\" Merten's voice sounded strangled, and more panicked than commanding, to his chagrin. \"Who are you?\" Beside him, Albrecht also had sword in hand. \"You're in my forest,\" said the man, proudly. Merten saw him more clearly, now. More boy than man, perhaps, no older than Albrecht, and carrying no weapon but a serviceable knife on his belt. Tied to his back was a faggot. His clothes were poor. \" Your forest?\" Merten asked, still startled. No living man who looked like that owned a forest. He could still be a spirit. \"Yes, indeed. My forest.\" He stuck out his chest, but only for a moment. From somewhere beyond him came a loud animal growl. Albrecht cried out and Merten flinched, his heart pounding harder. The mystery man, standing nearer to the growl, jumped. \"Well, not my forest, exactly,\" he stammered. \"No, of course that's not what I meant. It's my lord's forest. It's his. It's his.\" He looked around and the growl faded. \"Anyway, you're trespassing.\" He had swiftly recovered his composure and showed no further concern about the unseen beast. \"Tsk. And one of you a prince.\" His look in Albrecht's direction was openly appraising, frank and insolent for one of his class. Fear for his prince overcame a host of other fears, goading Merten into action. \"Boy,\" he said, lurching through the underbrush, \"Who are you and who is your master? Answer with respect.\" The boy recoiled from Merten's sword, but Albrecht's hand was on his arm. \"Wait,\" Albrecht said. \"This is not the time.\" The mystery man, after sidling out of Merten's sword line and putting a hoary tree between them, called out, \"What, no growling? It's all right when they threaten me, is it? Fine, then.\" \"Sir,\" Albrecht said, choosing his French address with care, \"we don't mean to trespass. We would ask your lord's leave to pass through his forest, if you could take us to him.\" \"Nice to see some manners, for once,\" said the peasant petulantly. Merten deeply, truly did not want to contradict his prince in front of this insolent commoner, but he had no choice. \"His lord? My prince, his lord will owe allegiance to our enemies, if he is flesh, and to the Dark One if he is not.\" \"Don't be insulting,\" said the peasant. \"I'll have you know that if I leave you here, the demon wolf who guards these woods will eat your insides out. And whatwould be the use of your wooing then, my prince?\" \"What do you know of my wooing?\" asked Albrecht in alarm, throwing Merten a glance. The boy smiled enigmatically. \"Have you never heard the saying, 'A hawk's eyes sees men's hearts?' No? You're not from around here, are you? You'd better come with me.\" The unholy growl resounded in the trees around them. Merten could not suppress a gasp. \"I said,\" the boy called defiantly to the trees, \"they're with me.\" He looked back at Merten and Albrecht. \"Put your swords away, if you please. I'd rather not have those at my back. It gives me nightmares.\" Merten and Albrecht stared at him. This mysterious person put his fists on his hips. \"My lord has no allegiance except to his lady and maybe to God, though I wouldn't want to test that one too hard. Don't worry.\" He glanced up into the impenetrable treetops. \"Well, you can worry a little. Come on.\" With that he turned and started along some path visible only to himself. Not knowing what else to do, they followed. \"Sir,\" Albrecht ventured as they stumbled through the night, \"what may we call you?\" \"I like 'Sir,'\" said the peasant, \"but most people call me Mouse.\" He stopped abruptly and faced them, puffing his chest out again. \"You can call me . . .\" He searched the night around them for inspiration, then deflated. \"Oh, just call me Philippe,\" he said dispiritedly, turning back on the way. \"They'd only laugh at me.\" \"And who is your lord, please?\" \"He is . . . he is . . . a Fairy King. That's right. You'd better behave or he'll turn you into something . . . slimy. Yes. A toad prince. You'll have to get your princess to kiss you.\" Philippe chuckled. \"Good one, Mouse.\" \"You're lying,\" Merten said. \"And you're rude. It's God's truth, I swear it.\" \"Be careful, here,\" said Philippe, stepping out onto a wooden bridge. The night was so thick that Merten couldn't see what they were crossing, but he heard no water. Philippe gestured where both men could see the sweep of his arm. \"Walk on the left side.\" They crossed safely, and on the opposing side they'd not gone far before the forest parted and in the round clearing stood a single tower. Firelight glowed in irregularly placed windows. No other towers could be seen, no walls connecting or enclosing, no trench, no moat. No defenses. It was the strangest sight he'd ever seen. \"Impossible,\" Merten said. Despite his misgivings, Merten longed for a rest by a fire. He thought he should warn Albrecht not to eat anything in this Otherworld, but his own stomach was so empty he guessed he would not have the strength to resist food, himself. \"Nothing is impossible,\" Philippe said. \"I should know.\" Philippe pushed open the heavy door and stepped within. Merten followed, his hand ready to his sword, Albrecht behind him. Inside the half-moon shaped room was a hearth and fire, fur rugs and cushioned chairs, a table and chests. A number of functional-looking weapons hung on the walls. Standing in the middle of the room was a large blond warrior in black armor, wearing a coldly angry expression. Unconcerned, Philippe shrugged out from under his load of sticks, dropping them neatly in a wood bin. \"Good evening, Captain,\" he said. \"Close the door,\" the blond warrior ordered in a steely voice, addressing Merten and Albrecht. Praying fervently, Merten obeyed. He was only one man, Merten assessed. Philippe had only a knife, though there were plenty of weapons on the walls . . . \"Uh, yes,\" said Philippe, standing between them, but to the side as if he didn't want to be in the list between jousters. \"This is where I introduce everyone, but since I don't know our visitors, perhaps you could all exchange names. Not—sword blows.\" He gave a forced smile. \"You don't know them. You don't know their crimes,\" said the blond man in a disturbing growl, never taking his eyes from his visitors. \"Why. Did. You. Bring. Them. Here.\" Philippe lifted his chin. \"I do know their crime. It's a crime of the heart. True Love. It's been worth risking for before.\" At that the blond warrior turned a slow incredulous gaze on his servant—for servant Philippe must be, though unlike any servant Merten had ever known. The master's gaze focused on Philippe, melting into an expression of helpless exasperation. Philippe smiled again and shrugged. \"It's what I do.\" \"And you think I won't stand in the way,\" he said, his tone now one of wonderment. \"I hoped,\" Philippe said brightly. \"You really shouldn't, you know. Not you.\" Merten's own amazement grew. Since when did a servant instruct his master on how to behave? This man was clearly a lord of power if not of wealth; Philippe was indeed a mouse next to him. \"Not me,\" said the man thoughtfully. Then, to Merten and Albrecht he said, \"You are Philippe's guests. You owe me nothing.\" With that, the lord left the room by way of an arched passage to a staircase inside the circular walls. Philippe took a deep breath, smiling. \"There, you see? Rest. I'll see if we've any food. I know we have bread, but meat? I don't know . . .\" He left through a door opposite the door to the staircase, into the other half of the round tower. Merten and Albrecht turned to each other. \"This place has no defenses,\" Albrecht said, hurriedly. \"The King's men must know of it. If they enter the forest they will come straight here.\" \"Unless it really is magical,\" Merten said. \"How did Philippe bring us here? We couldn't even move in this brush until he showed us the way. The soldiers may not know it.\" \"But if they do they could come in the night.\" \"They were afraid to enter at night.\" \"I think I know why. Our horses had more sense than we.\" Magic. Surely it was preposterous. Merten looked at his prince and his sense of the ludicrous began to stir. \"I don't want to be a toad,\" Albrecht said somberly, but with glinting eyes. Merten couldn't help it. He sank onto a chair choking back laughter. \"I swear . . . to you . . . my liege . . . it won't happen.\" \"I am very glad to hear it,\" Albrecht said, allowing himself a weary smile. The outside door opened, and both men jumped. The firelight showed the shape and gown of a woman, which slowed Merten's startled heartbeat. He got to his tired feet. The woman glided in, allowing the heavy door to swing closed behind her. The fire glinted on the rich embroidery of her gown and made her cropped hair glow like the halo of an angel. Merten's heart sped up again. Her wide-spaced eyes were the beautiful light hue of an August sky. Her skin was like the smoothest marble sculpture. Her hands, hooked like talons, were bloody and held the limp remains of four hares. She smiled gently. \"Gentlemen,\" she said. Merten recollected himself enough to give a deep bow, but Albrecht stood transfixed. Indeed, she was the loveliest and most terrible creature Merten could remember having beheld. He heard Philippe come in behind him. \"Ah, Milady,\" the boy said, \"you've brought the meat.\" Philippe hurried forward, spreading a cloth between his hands. The vision dropped the hares into his cloth and wiped her hands on it. \"Thank you, Philippe,\" she breathed. Philippe retreated, with a knowing smirk at Albrecht, who still stared like a schoolboy. Merten nudged him, as he had when his prince had been a schoolboy, daydreaming. Albrecht bowed, still speechless. The vision turned her full attention to them. \"You will be safe here,\" she said, all grace and benevolence. \"The soldiers will not find this place. You may eat and sleep here in peace. May I know your names?\" Caution returned, and Merten gave her two low-born names. With the wisdom of the ancients in her eyes, a teasing tone in her voice, she asked, \"Are those really your names?\" \"Of course they aren't,\" said a forgotten voice from the stairs. The blond warrior had re-emerged. He strode across the room, joining hands with the woman as if at the altar, in a motion so natural to both of them, it was like two streams flowing together. \"Were you planning to tell them our names?\" He smiled into her upturned face. \"Philippe told them his,\" she said. \"Philippe,\" said the man, sounding for all the world like an indulgent uncle, \"wants his legend to grow, not be forgotten. He told them he was the ruler here.\" The woman looked at the visitors, her hands still in his; The Lady and her Lord. \"You mustn't believe a word Philippe says,\" she told them, \"particularly when he swears it's the truth.\" \"I heard that,\" Philippe called from the other room, the sounds and smells of which marked it as a kitchen. \"Hurry up with dinner, Ruler of the Forest,\" the man barked. \"Your guests are hungry.\" \"Lady, what — may I call you?\" Albrecht finally spoke. \"You may call me Lady Hawke,\" she said, sharing a private joke with the man. \"And you, sir?\" Merten asked. The blond warrior released the woman's hands. \"You can call me The Devil,\" he said, almost profanely, as he strode toward the kitchen. \"Philippe, I suppose you need help. Are a few coneys the masters of the Mouse?\" \"There is only me, you know,\" replied the voice of Philippe. \"You could help. Here, hold this.\" The sound of metal clattered on stone, followed by swearing. \"Dinner will take even longer now,\" said the lady serenely. She turned her beautiful bird-like eyes on Albrecht. \"It is you who is in love.\" \"Yes, Lady,\" said Albrecht. \"Does she return your love?\" \"She does, but our fathers are enemies.\" She nodded sadly. \"It is an old story.\" \"Not to me, it isn't,\" Albrecht cried, all the pain of his young life in the words. \"Forgive me. Stories are never any good while you have to live them.\" She took Albrecht's hand in hers. \"Do not despair. I nearly did, and nearly lost myself. My lord did, and nearly lost everything. But God's mercy is subtle and mysterious, and you will feel it, all unlooked-for, on some strange day.\" Albrecht's eyes filled with tears. \"Are you a witch?\" She smiled, shaking her head. \"I speak only as one who has been where you are and has had the great mercy I tell you of.\" Time passed strangely in her presence, and it seemed but a few moments before Philippe emerged with savory smelling stew, and placed it on the small table where Albrecht and Merten found themselves sitting. The blond lord himself gave them bowls and ladles. \"Eat,\" he said. Half famished, neither of them stirred. It was all so strange. They had not said grace. The table was too small for the others to join them, and no one else was eating. They all watched. Merten's mouth was suddenly dry. \"Try it, anyway,\" said Philippe. \"I'm not that bad a cook, no matter what he says. You are still in France, you know.\" Merten merely looked at him, trying to think what to say. \"What the Devil is the matter with them?\" demanded the blond man, as if they were not in the room. \"Ah,\" said Philippe, looking sheepish. \"I might have given them a slight . . . misconception.\" \"What kind of misconception?\" asked the Lord sternly. \"It could be that they fear to eat because they think they are in the Otherworld.\" \"And why would they think that?\" \"I may have led them to believe it when I told them you were—\" Philippe stopped. The lord stood and towered over him. \"That I was what?\" \"A king!\" Philippe cried, stumbling backwards off his stool. \"I told them you were a king.\" \"Of the Otherworld?\" \"Of the fairies,\" Albrecht supplied helpfully. \"Thanks very much,\" Philippe spat at him. \"Of the fairies!\" roared the lord. Philippe broke for the stairs, and the lord dived after him. The sounds of their fracas moved up within the walls of the tower. The lady's laughter was peals of tiny bells in the room. \"Is that true?\" she asked them, wiping tears of mirth from her beautiful cheeks. \"Are you afraid to eat because of what Philippe said?\" Embarrassed, Merten nodded. \"Let me ask you this,\" she said. \"Did he swear it was true?\" Grinning now, Albrecht said, \"He did indeed, Lady.\" \"Then I think you are in no danger from his stew.\" \"Yes, Lady,\" Albrecht and Merten chorused, and they both fell on their stew with a will. It was delicious. Later, the Lord and Lady retired, leaving Philippe to bed his guests down on the fur rugs by the dying fire. Merten fell asleep before Philippe was done fetching warm skins for them. In the morning they woke alone. All traces of their meals were gone, and the hearth was cold and clean of ashes. By the filtered dawnlight it was easy to believe that the night had been a true fairy feast, with the humans left abandoned. Merten gathered their few things. \"I hope we don't reach home only to find that seven years have gone by,\" he grumbled. Albrecht stretched and yawned contentedly. \"At least I'm not a toad,\" he said. Outside, they met Philippe carrying a well-bucket of water. \"Good morning,\" said Merten. \"I've never met one that was,\" the boy said. He set the bucket down and shrugged. \"It's good that you are awake. Those soldiers may find their courage soon.\" Merten studied the forest, which looked as impenetrable by day as it had by night. \"How shall we find our way?\" Philippe pointed vaguely upward, and a hawk cried. \"Follow the hawk. She'll lead you out.\" \"She?\" Albrecht asked. \"She's a lady,\" Philippe said with a grin. \"Treat her with respect.\" \"What is this place?\" Merten asked. \"Who are you people?\" Philippe reached into the bucket and splashed the water on his face. \"It's too long a tale for today, I'm afraid. It is a tale of magic and mystery, and this is the happy ending. The parted are joined, the guilty are redeemed, the villains are punished, and what was a curse has become a blessing.\" Albrecht stood forward, looking every inch the prince. \"And where do you fit into the story? For I think it is you we have to thank for our deliverance.\" \"Me? I told you. It really is my forest.\" Philippe picked up the bucket and continued toward the tower door. \"Find your own happy ending. You have my leave to go.\" ","Summary":" Title: The Blessing Author: Mojave Dragonfly Rating: PG Warnings: possibly slightly AU Word count: "},{"Movie":"Ladyhawke","Title":"Fighting Duty","Author":"themagaroo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9164176","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The room is filled with paintings and tapestries, spun with tales of chivalry and morality. A bard starts to sing a haunting ballad and people gather around to listen. Glistening blonde hair catches my eye and I know it's her. Isabeau . Suddenly, the Bishop arrives and I am obligated to return to my role as his protector. Her eyes collide with mine and, for the first time, I feel torn between love and honor. She carries the same fight among her own blue depths. We both know then that love will win in the end and her happiness will always be my duty. ","Summary":" The room is filled with paintings and tapestries, spun with tales of chivalry and morality. A bard "},{"Movie":"Ladyhawke","Title":"The Prince of Horns","Author":"LuciusBelyakov","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7224516","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Prince of Horns \"Ding Dong the witch is dead!\" said the tongue of an altar boy. It was a long dog-like tongue, the bishop couldn't help but think. He felt contempt only in the face of the coming punishments, the ones of this earth at least. The child's half-shaven head was the only visible part of his body. The behead face rose from behind the table, jack-o-lantern eyes shimmering next to the bell, book and candle. The brat thumbed his nose and pointed, getting himself a good view. They all made a circle around the bishop with his battle wounds, it was a noiseless game of ring around the rosey. Then spat upon him and threw whatever they could find in his face. Nuns pissed on him and priests smeared his face with fruit as his body flapped against the floor, his mouth drowned slowly. Someone left a stuffed toy hawk by him, placing it in his mouth. It turned bright as the apple, his pouring mouth bit into the hawk filled with goose down feathers. He gagged, spitting hair out. Navarre and Isabeau might have been wed in a Parisian chapel by now, yet he pictured them there with him... for some strange reason, standing on the smooth and gilded floors, there between the painted and flattened flesh of the Michael and the Raphael. He watched her soundless train of clothing, which was dull and better for a boy, crawl behind her down the hall. She disappeared, Mary Madonna, Mary Magdalene, who so many had crawled on raw hands and cut knees for, and picked out roots of hair from their scalp, flagellated their back, and broken legs trying to climb a ladder and peep through a window for, or jumped of towers to their deaths with her name rotting in their throat. The same woman he had lost his kingdom in Rome for, went away all quiet, an insect in the church. Her flight was nothing like an angel, but an ant, this lady that we lose so much for. When she she threw the chains he'd forced her into back in his face, the bird tether, and the whole congregation shook, she did that to without sound, just the sound of her snapping his invention, she would not even talk. He examined her beauty while he dreamed, considering the width of the big eye, and how ultra the violet, (he was a man of science,) the lack of color in her lash, albinism in a wild animal- tigers, snakes, how \"heart\" the face's shape was, all this he considered while he was being murdered. Her face, which was he supposed like wax, did not turn to look his way as he called it into his mind, even in his own imagination her face was always turned away from his; she walked straight ahead out of the room, little feathers of diamond-colored hair never moving. She was hand-puppet and china doll, stiff, even down to her hair, it was a wood-like beauty. He imagined touching her weak arms and legs helping her to walk. Some things must be forced alive, toys, whose arms we force to flail, dead cats to rub out of a stillbirth, mud on the riverside forged to precious sculpture. Were he to take unfair advantage of her hear in this church, had his hands found her behind the trap doors he had build in the confession both, or had he been bold and dragged her behind a curtain, he might have awoke some life in her yet, she would be better of through his violence, wiser and strong. They could wield power together, he'd have to marry her. As the artist of Isabeau he decided to paint her rich and grand this time. She was a soul in a place he could not identify, for it may have been the second circle of Hell where lustful are damned to twilight and wind, or it might have been God's world in paradise which she had conquered. Wherever they were, she placed Christ's crown of blackthorns on his head. Red roses sprang out of the black hat, and just before that she kissed his forehead. She was bright and all gold, smiling and decadent with all Midas' treasure she'd received as engagement presents from either a fanfare of demon suitors or a kingdom of angels. On her hair, which had grown darker, (it had once been white as the weak man's wine, and now it was warmed as honey,) between those curls was a red halo. The halo was braided and complex, not a big and simple bad. Still there was an adolescence to the braid it was woven together loose, it might have been a crown of flowers. Was this their wedding in heaven or hell? He took no notice of the splashing grail of holy water that he was being slapped across the face with, nor of the burning wax another drew on his back with, calling it a quill. His charge of office was slit to pieces with knives, and a stoning of coins came at his body. His rosary got stolen from his neck. All of these things came and went without his notice. They put water in his eyes without touching him. It came as he dreamed of Isabeau carrying the edges of a pink and embroidered gown, and running out of the church with a smile, wearing shoes with moonstones and pearls sewn around them as the bright sun covered her, soaking her in orange seas. The imp was hardly out of the door before a pair of pink and blue wings came out of her back. She didn't fool him, he was only a little disappointed, he had guessed she was something higher than a common heathen fairy, but yes he always knew that the both of them were only trapped in these docile human bodies. He covered his face with what they left him of his white clothes. All the while the hole that Navarre had put in his heart when he carved him up like cake grew. A jewel from the sword of his ancestors had popped out and become stuck in his skin. He had pulled it out, half asleep with death. His blood, though coming out as molasses, still came through the many clots, and covered up the loose stone of his enemy which he took to his grave now. Had the angry mob seen the defrocked clergyman's second indulgence, a great jewel, God knows what else they would have done. His body was left quivering in the church as all of Aquila turned their back and walked down the steps and would see to their livestock, eat a meal, decide to fish, beg for a coin on the corner, visit a lover, close their shop or go to bed. The moon had come out. It was supposed to have been a waning crescent, but it was such a bony and small moon that it was the dark moon to anyone not looking from high up in Heaven. The Witching Hour came, then the Devil's Hour. Had the women of the church pulled off his clothes and left him there naked, as was their first idea, they would have uncovered his face and found the thin and ripped lips still moving, mumbling thousands of different spiritual hymns so softly. He had been there speaking that way for hours with a voice too crushed to be heard any longer. Just breath. But on the sixth hour vases of rosewater exploded into dust and glass. The body of the church quaked as if the tapestried and velvet walls would scream, or teardrops might leak from the very ceiling. She herself might simply crack too, crack no differently than if she had been built of porcelain, the poor church. Pages of requiems turned over in the open Bible, and kept rolling with the speed of invisible and insane creatures sitting on the podium and tearing page after page until they reached the end. Wind blew the bolted church doors off the hinges, the old doors were forced to the ground and a banging began on the organs, filling the dark and blue shadowed House of God with musicianless music. The twisted gown on the floor stirred, and a body hidden in clothes began to stand up. The clothes fell onto the dragon-shaped lance of the drawn Gabriel. But what emerged was not white skin, but the body of a stag with a maze of antlers on his head, horns so long they sprawled over and knocked down everything on the tables around them. Silver goblets came crashing down, as did caged doves, mirrors grew dented centers and lilies fell to the soaked floor. The stag ran down the halls colored with trees and with Adam and Eve, past the wooden and leather seats of men and women, jumping out of the stained glass windows into unseen forests. Author's note: This will be either an epic or a one-shot. I was considering making this a sorta sequel to the movie, but in the end it all depends on you guys and your reviews. As always with my writing I haven't got a reason to keep doing it without you. I have a feeling it will be a one shot as our section is pretty tiny. :) ","Summary":" The Prince of Horns \"Ding Dong the witch is dead!\" said the tongue of an altar boy. It was a long"},{"Movie":"Ladyhawke","Title":"Awakening","Author":"Prolixius5","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6037290","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Awakening Your Sun, my Moon Dark hair, light feathers Our destinies entwined For ever and aye Across an eternity Of solitude And the blessing Of certitude That the next day Will see my fly Towards you For the first time Whole again Free as A woman Against you Wild as A man Liberated At last. ","Summary":" Awakening Your Sun, my Moon Dark hair, light feathers Our destinies entwined For ever and aye Acros"},{"Movie":"Mysterious Skin","Title":"Mysterious Bond","Author":"veronique2","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7541810","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's note : First, I have to warn you that english isn't my native language. So I beg your pardon for all the grammars errors etc. It's been a long time since I wanted to write a fic about mysterious skin. Such an heartbreaking story . I 've seen the movie and read the book. I'll try my best to write what happened next to Neil and Brian after the family entered the house . Thank you for reading. Mysterious bond : Chapter 1 Neil 'pov \"What the hell are you doing in my house \" yelled the family man. I looked at the family . I didn't have the strenght to answer or even to move. It was so not myself to act like that. But truth to be told, I didn't want to move. I didn't want to talk. I wanted to stay here with Brian and be there for him. . \"Call the police \" the man said to his wife. She nodded and took her daughter with her. She grabbed the phone. I wasn't paying attention to what she was telling them. I felt so numb. Brian moved and it worried me . I looked at him. He was strangely calm. The man panicked \"Don't move \" He said. \" Mister, we are so sorry. We were hiding from a man who wanted to beat us with a baseball bat. Because we're queers .We broke your house to find a shelter \" He said with a trembling voice I was stunned and mute. In his letters, Eric wrote to me that Brian was a very imaginative perso and I was thankful for it. \"My mom works at the prison, can you call her too\" he added. The man frowned. \" You sure look like you 've been both in hell. Your nose is bleeding. Did that person hurt you?\" Brian shooked his head. \" I hurt myself when we entered your house sir \". The man seemed a bit more relaxed. Brian was so pale and it wasn't difficult to see he had cried. \" Your friend, is he okay? \" The man asked. Of course I was okay. I was Neil Mc cormick after all. The , I don't give a shit guy. So why was I so silent? With Briand we were still holding hands and for some reason I didn't want to let go of that grip. \"Neil, we have to move. The police will be here soon \" Brian told me gently. His eyes seemed to be blank. I suddenly felt so sad , not because of what happened with this family and the police issues but because we didn't magically disappear. I wanted to stay here forever with Brian and magically disappear . I nodded. The police's car arrived and we left in silence. We were still holding hands like we were two little kids. Later, Mrs Lacky arrived . It happened she was a friend of the police officer who arrested us. She promised him that she 'll take care about the damages we caused and she was going to pay for it. She was in shock and checked if her son was in a safe condition. She looked at me with a puzzle 's look. \" This is not Eric \" she stated. At that moment, I wondered what happened to Eric. I completely have forgotten him until brian's mother mentionned him. \" No, it's Neil.\" Brian answered like a robot. \"Oh The Neil \" she said with curiosity. She sighed. It was easy to guess she was really worried about what happened to us. \" I have to go back to work. I can't escape this night schedule if I want to be free for tomorrow\". She seemed really upset and sorry.. \" Mom, Neil and I… We still have a lot to discuss. Can he stay with me tonight?\" It surprised me . Usually I would have made a joke about sex but all I did was to feel relieved. I certainly didn't want to be alone tonight with my mom and tried to pretend nothing happened. More than that, I realized that I was very tired to pretend that I was the \" I don't give a shit guy \". The lied I created to survive until now just collapsed and the revelation was about to kill me. I needed Brian as much as he needed me maybe more than I was willing to admit. \" I'll call my mom to tell her \" I said. TBC[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 Brian's pov We entered my room. I was relieved that I took off all the aliens posters and stuff from it days ago. It was a bit stupid of my part to think that way because I knew Eric told him I was an aliens and ufo geek. But now that I knew the truth behind my nightmares, I didn't care about ufo anymore. \" No ufo posters huh? \" He stated a bit surprise. \" I threw everything some days ago. Now I don't know what to put on this walls.\" I had no clue. My whole life had been about ufo and aliens until now. Now I felt empty and lost about who I was and what kind of stuff I could like. Neil nodded. \" Do you have a picture of it ? When it was all about Ufo?\" \"Why do you want to see that?\" I asked surprised. \" Show me \" he almost ordered . I took an old pictures of it on my desk. \" Here it is \" I said witth curiosity. He looked at it with concern. \" Jesus… You had serious problems \" he began. He gave it back to me. \" Tomorrow, I'll show you what my room looks like. You 're going to freak out big time.\" He added. \"Why?\" He snorted \" because I have serious problems too. \" His voice died at that comment. \" You will help me to burn it all. We will make a big fire and we will dancing around\" he tried to laugh but didn't succeed. He started to look around and he spoted my Iron man comic's collection. \"Oh my god! I didn't read this since the last time I stole one, I was ten. Then I Thought I was too old to read some \" I approached him as he took some of the comics to watch the covers. His eyes were a bit differents. He looked happy or was it nostalgic? \" If you want to read them, you can take them\" I proposed. \"Really? great! \" his eyes definitely lit up. \"Oh! This was the one I stole \" He said while showing to me the cover. \" Did you ever stole something Brian?\" he asked with a cocky smile \" Just the baseball team picture\" I answered. Neil 's smiled suddenly disappear. \" Do you have some drinks and snacks, it's going to be a long night \" He was all serious now. I nodded. We went to the kitchen. I opened the fridge and saw the beers and two bottles of alchohol. I didn't know if it was a good idea to drink and to risk to get drunk. Last time I got drunk, I talked to my father . I didn't feel great at that time but now I was sure in a worst state of mind. I was glad to be with Neil because god knows what I could have done alone with thoses drinks. I was standing in front of that fridge without notice I didn't move for severals minutes. Neil came near me . Probably a bit impatient or scared from my silence. His presence awoke me from the darkness that was slowly invading my mind. \"No beers or alcholol for me \" He decided \" It will break my mom 's heart to discover I killed myself while being drunk. Tomorrow it's christmas\" He said bitterly. I looked at him surprised \" What?\" he asked \" I just thought the same \" I replied with a disturbing tone. He took the orange juice and some soda. I took some cookies and candies. What the hell we were doing? It looked like we were going to have a good time , enjoying our night togheter while disscussing about good old days. We went back at my room. Neil sat on my bed. \" Neil… \" I started with a weak voice \" How did you survived it?\" He looked at me with a puzzled expression. I thought he didn't understand what I meant so I asked again \"How did you do all theses years knowing what happened to you? I forgot it all and now I know I…\" I paused \" I wish all theses time it was all about aliens instead of…\" I didn't have the heart to finish my sentence. Neil didn't answer . He seemed to be lost in his thought. I didn't want to pressure him. Suddenly I noticed he was a bit paler than before. He stood up quickly and yelled \" Bathroom now \" He was about to vomit. TBC[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 Neil's pov Suddenly I felt so sick. Brian guided me to the bathroom but I vomited on my shirt just in front of the bathroom 's door. Then, I rushed into the toilet and continued to vomit. \"What the hell?\" I thought. I heard Brian. He was saying something but I didn't understand what he was talking about. He left the bathroom. I continued to vomit like I was possessed by the devil while a priest was trying to exorcise me. My eyes were crying . I was suffocating. The door opened, Brian was back. I didn't know what he was doing. Then I felt his hand on by back. He was rubbing It . He was so clumsy. I could tell that he wasn't used to do such thing. Strangely the contact seemed to make me feel better. I was able to breathe correctly. Until now I was on my knees . I decided to sit and put my back against the wall. I was exausted. Brian looked at me. He looked panicked. \" You okay?\" He asked. \" Yeah.. Sorry for the mess. My mother's pie… must be that \" I said. It was when I noticed he had a shirt on his hand. \" Wear it \" He proposed \" you can't stay with your shirt full of vomit \" I nodded but I was scared to move and be taken by the nausea again. I needed a minute . Brian came close to me and he surprised me as he started to try to take my shirt off me. \"I 'm going to help you \" he said it with a tender voice and his eyes were caring. I felt touched by his kindness. I lift my arms up like a little kid and he took off the shirt. He threw it on a basket . My mind was blank. I didn't realize he was gazing at me with worry. \" Your torso is full of bruises and scratches \" he stated. I suddenly remembered what happened to New york. I felt horrible at the thought of it. \" There are bites \" he noticed. Then his eyes grew in horror. \" You've been raped \" I shook my head. \"No… I\" ve wanted to do it. It was just more brutal than I expected . I've been paid for it.. One hundred and twenty dollars \" I smiled like it was a thing to be proud of. Brian looked shocked. \"Eric didn't tell you?\" I asked in surprised. \" I'm a hustler. I love sex. I love doing john's \" I said in a louder voice. I wanted to provoke him. I wanted him to look at me with digust. The pure an innocent Brian in front of the ugly and disgusting Neil. \"One hundred and twenty dollars or Five dollars.. There's no difference \" he simply said. This was an answer I didn't expect. I felt like I've been shot in the heart. I was so angry. \" Bastard, how do you dare to tell me that! You don't know nothing! This is all because of you … I fucking hate you. Couldn't you stay with your aliens obssession and leave me alone ! Why do you have to destroy my world. My perfect world. I was happy before you came into my life . It all started with you ! I hated your name when I read it on that postcard. I didn't know why but I knew you were bad news. I was right. You are a curse Brian Lackey. You can't understand. \" I was yelling now. \" I hate you\" I repeated. To my surprise , he hugged me. \" Don't touch me \" I screamed but didn't move from his embrace. I even returned the hug. I was so tired. It felt warm being in his arms. This was my turn to be comforted. \" You are wrong. I understand \" he murmured. \" I'm the only one able to understand,\" His voice was so soft. I didn't felt any pity in his tone. It was all about understanding. I started to cry my heart out. We stayed like that until I felt to tired to cry. I put his shirt on me. It was too large for me . But at least I was clean. We washed the floor cover with some of my vomit in silence. Strangely I felt comfortable to be here with Brian, washing the floor without saying anything. It was when the phone rang. Brian left to the bathroom to answer. \"Be right back \" He said. I wanted to said \" thank you \" but he was gone before I had time to open my mouth. TBC ","Summary":" Author's note : First, I have to warn you that english isn't my native language. So I beg your pard"},{"Movie":"National Lampoon","Title":"Berry Picking","Author":"Yellowfur","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4591365","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own National Lampoon's Animal House. (-gasp-) Could it be... a more serious Animal House oneshot from me?! UWAH! Yeah! Here you go! We got a little analyzation of the Boon and Otter friendship here, or maybe not analyzation, but going deeper into it. Because I like reading into things like that. And I think they're both just lovely. Lovely mensch...es. AND NOT MUCH ALCOHOL EITHER...?! (-gasps for air, reaches out-) \"Why the hell is this actually fun? I'm no more drunk than usual.\" Boon said. \"Because you've never actually done this crap before. You're from the city.\" Flounder was the only one seriously collecting berries in a girlish little basket. \"It's not crap, Otter! My family used to do this every year.\" On their road trip, the last one before they would have to split up due to their being expelled, Flounder insisted on berry picking and couldn't believe he was listened to for once. \"But I bet with your family, everybody didn't bring beers,\" Pinto said, flinching as Boon threw a berry at him for the fifteenth time, which is mostly what everybody but Flounder was doing; throwing berries and drinking. \"Oh, dang!\" Flounder dropped his basket. Pinto scrambled over to help him pick them up. \"Hey, lookit this!\" Boon said. \"What?\" Otter threw back his head and finished his beer. \"I'm too lazy to come over there.\" \"Get over here, you ass. I just want to show you something.\" Otter made his way over, not wanting to argue his half-drunk contentment. \"What.\" Boon had a handful of berries and grabbed Otter's hand with force. \"Ew, what the…?\" \"See?\" Boon pointed to their arms, where the juice trickled down like blood. \"Cool, huh?\" \"Huh,\" He smiled. \"Yeah, that is cool.\" ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own National Lampoon's Animal House. (-gasp-) Could it be... a more serious An"},{"Movie":"National Lampoon","Title":"All These Things That I've Done","Author":"Yellowfur","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4646037","Passage":"[Chapter 1] DanielnSimpson Day wandered, slowly, for once in his life, down the dirtyncity streets. Being back on his own again was actually rather lonely.nHe had gotten used to Boon and Otter as constantly banteringncompanions. Oh well. Money was money, and they were money, at leastnto any policeman. They were escaped convicts, after all. So wasnD-Day, but he was also lucky. And now he was still lucky... andnlonely. He would pick up another pal eventually. They would getnscrewed over eventually, too. Such was life. Every man for himself.nDidn't mean he didn't have a soul, he was just a realist. Oh, see,nhere's another person already! A wide-eyed guy of about eighteen.nSays his name is Larry. Let's not get too attached, now. ","Summary":" DanielnSimpson Day wandered, slowly, for once in his life, down the dirtyncity streets. Being back "},{"Movie":"National Lampoon","Title":"Animal House: Babs And Flounder","Author":"Gizmo Burns","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12777046","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Animal House: Babs And Flounder. I Always wished this should of ended like what happen between Bluto and Mandy. So after Bluto droved off with Mandy Pepperidge. Babs was still embarrassed about being in her underwear and in front of the riot that was going on. But meanwhile...Flounder after jumping for joy of what happen to that Asshole Neidermeyer. Suddenly spots Babs screaming and Shouting! then decides to run over to confront her by picking her up and go over to an ally to have sex with her! While he picked her up, She says to him. \"Put me Down! You big fat Blimp!\" Moments later...As Flounder and Babs were now hiding behind a dumpster. Baps was screaming out. \"Oh God!...Oh God!...OH YES!...Oh Flounder!\" And the ending of the film says, Both Flounder and Babs get married are both actors living in Hollywood CA. The End. PS... Rest In Peace Stephen Furst. ","Summary":" Animal House: Babs And Flounder. I Always wished this should of ended like what happen between Blut"},{"Movie":"National Lampoon","Title":"The Tutor","Author":"Yellowfur","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4591369","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own National Lampoon's Animal House and its characters. Got another one for you. As usual, I like best... anything I included with Boon and Otter. That shouldn't be a surprise; if you've been paying attention to the author's notes on any of my Animal House fics, you would have realized that I'm just obsessed with those two buggers! If I were to meet them, I would just pinch their cheeks and take cell phone videos of their best friend-y banter and... rip their shirts off. HA JUST KIDDING. Yeaaahh-up. HA! GET IT? GOOD JOKE UP THERE, HUH? Because no one is reading these anyway!! The Tutor \"You want to what?\" Bluto asked Hoover to reiterate. \"I want to tutor everybody in this house!\" Hoover repeated, eagerness leaking out every orifice in his overly tall body. He had tricked his housemates into coming down for a Delta meeting with promises of a new keg. The keg was there, but it was a lot like luring a dog to be locked outside for the night with a piece of meat. He wanted to talk about schoolwork. Ew, why did he think they were in college anyway? \"We will keep this house, and we will raise our collective GPAs!\" \"If you want to raise the GPA so much, why don't you get yourself an 'A' plus?\" One of the Deltas, a dorky-looking guy named Snot said, getting himself a second beer. \"Yeah, you're not one to be tutoring us, Mr. D-average!\" Mothball, one of the pledges, added. \"Studying takes up a lot of valuable time,\" Otter said, preparing himself for some major charisma. \"But this isn't to say Hoover isn't on to something. We could actually have more fun if we get Dean Wormer off our backs a little bit. Girls like smart guys. We could go to school in the day and party at night. Besides…\" His grin turned from one of enthusiastic encouragement to pure Otter evil as he turned his attention to Hoover. \"Maybe it would be even better if there was something in it for us.\" The was a brief pause of silence, then quiet chatter as the guys discussed the possibilities, liking the idea more and more. Hoover was a little put off by the idea, but disguised his nervousness. \"How about if we raise our average GPA one point by the end of the month, I buy the entire house expensive German beer? That sounds good, right?\" A few people cheered at the idea, but Boon spoke up. \"No way! We could do that anytime by pooling our money or stealing some from another house. That's good, but there has to be more.\" \"Oh!\" Hardbar shot up off the couch like he had the best idea ever. \"Get the house a subscription to Sick Chicks with Sticks Monthly !\" Stork jumped up next. \"An' dangerous chem'kuls!\" \"I'm with you on the dangerous chemicals!\" D-Day said. \"NO! No dangerous chemicals!\" Hoover said. \"Okay. How about… expensive German beer and subscriptions to three different porn magazines for the house?\" \"Ohhhh…\" Hardbar was getting aroused at the very thought of three free magazines. He needed to sit down. \"I feel like we need a third thing…\" Otter said. \"What? Come on, Otter, I'm not made of money!\" Hoover whined. \"Let us discuss it,\" Otter motioned for the house members to form a large huddle, Hoover excluded. \"No pledges allowed!\" Bluto pushed the four or so freshmen out of the huddle and they all got tangled up and collapsed in a nerdy little freshman heap. Hoover leaned forward from where he was standing six feet away, trying to hear what was going on. He only caught tidbits, such as \"I hate reading!\", \"I'm allergic to byproducts!\" and \"Where am I?\" The huddle broke apart. The Deltas stood behind Otter with their hands clasped behind their back. Otter nodded. \"We want a house pet.\" Hoover was caught off guard. \"What kind of pet?\" \"Nothing specific.\" \"…I mean like, a mammal? Or a reptile or bird or what? Something scary or cute and furry?\" \"Surprise us.\" \"…Alright.\" Without another word, the other Deltas took a seat and looked up at Hoover. \"So how are we going to do this?\" Hardbar asked Hoover. \"Well, first we have to get supplies…\" -- \"Of all things to be stealing from the college, I didn't think I'd ever be stealing school supplies,\" Otter commented as he walked behind a trail of Deltas. He was whispering, since they were doing their campus plundering in the nighttime. Otter was acting quite indignant, because physical exertion was so not what he had signed up for. It was bad enough that what they were carrying was heavy, but they had to be quiet about it too. He and Boon both were carrying large boxes of textbooks of different sizes. A freakishly oversized Delta named Mountain was lugging two desks with attached chairs over his shoulders. Hoover and Hardbar both held two ends of a chalkboard, on top of which they piled papers and books of poetry. A small gaggle of various Dletas carried more desks. In contrast to everyone's silence, Bluto dragged two desks behind him on the concrete sidewalk of the Faber College Courtyard, creating painful screeching noises. Meanwhile, Chip Diller was out for a healthy evening walk. Doing at least twenty minutes of exercise just a few times a week, such as a nice brisk walk, has been proven to lower your risk of heart disease. Chip Diller's heart was healthy. He exercised multiple times a week. And he ate right – fruits and vegetables and whole grain carbohydrates are to be eaten frequently. Fats and oils are to be eaten sparingly. He would live long and well. Not like those damned Deltas. They'll die at thirty-five of cirrhosis of the liver, and Chip Diller will laugh at the obituaries, laugh hard- Good lord, what is that horrible noise? Hey, wait a minute! Is that… that looks like some of those damned Deltas! Chip hid behind a tall birch tree and watched as they stumbled across the lawn and towards fraternity row. It looks like they're stealing something! Again! Go figure! He ducked low and quietly crept a couple trees closer. He realized… they were stealing desks, and books, and a chalkboard! They're stealing Faber school supplies and furniture! Chip Diller turned around and went the long way around to fraternity row, waiting until he was far enough away to break out into a run. -- English \"Welcome to Robert Hoover's first ever nighttime studying session!\" Hoover proudly wrote Welcome! on the poorly propped-up chalkboard. A few desks had been set up in rows in the basement, but there were only twelve or so. The freshmen were seated on the floor. \"We won't be going in any particular order of subjects, since most of you are failing everything. Right now we're focusing on creative writing. Now, before I came up here I told you all to take a few minutes and wrote about whatever was on your mind, in whatever form you felt most comfortable in, be it poetry or prose.\" Bluto looked up. \"What if it's neither?\" \"… I think that's all writing comes in, Bluto. It's probably one or the other.\" \"I don't know what this is.\" \"Can I see it?\" \"You wouldn't understand it.\" Bluto curled up protectively around his piece of paper. \"Why not?\" \"It's in my own language!\" Hoover had no answer to that. \"Well, as I was saying before, you just wrote whatever you were thinking or feeling. I think now might be a nice time to share some of what we have written and maybe get some input back on it. Do we have any volunteers?\" \"I'll go!\" Otter offered. Hoover raised one eyebrow. \"Hang on, Otter, let me see what you've written.\" He took the piece of paper, glanced at it for what couldn't have been even a full second and handed it back to Otter. \"That's inappropriate for my classroom. Is there anyone else?\" Hoover looked around for a show of hands, ignoring Otter's best indignant face. \"Stork, maybe?\" Stork hesitated and looked scared, but stood up. \"I drew this cartoon,\" he held it out for all to see. \"It's a stick figger with a big head and he's eatin' a fat blob man.\" The others leaned forward to see it with fascination. Some of them cheered softly. \"It's beautiful!\" Bluto said. Hoover sighed. \"That's very nice, Stork, but I asked for writing. Please, did anyone write anything…\" Hardbar began to get up. \"Anything appropriate ? Come on, guys, don't be shy. Boon, you were very intently writing something before, how about you share.\" Boon looked utterly disinterested as the other Deltas encouraged him rather loudly. \"Uh, okay. Let's see. It's sorta like… a story. It's told from a made-up character's point of view.\" Hoover nodded. \"A story! How nice! I had no idea, coming from you, Boon.\" Boon shrugged. \"It's nothing really. It gets the job done. Okay. I didn't understand it. How was he still alive? I had separated his top half from his bottom half, yet he lies here staring at me with twitching eyes, as wide as they can go. If he could find his voice he would beg me to put an end to it, the pathetic piece of crap! Beg like the lower-form he is and spends his life trying to deny! He keeps knocking me down to try to make himself feel better. But I am the bigger man today. I, with my father's blood split across his hateful little room and on my hands and in my mouth, am victorious. I, with these severed entrails at my feet, am superior! My dog comes in, my faithful dog, the only one I love, and laps at the blood pooling out, just as I have taught him before. I let him, he looks up at me with his canine teeth and tongue stained bright red. He next uses the small intestine as his new chew toy – he'll be carrying it around everywhere, and it'll become gray and damp with dirt. I have trained him so well. I look down, the vertebrae…! Whoa! What about vertebrae? Sorry, this was only supposed to be a few sentences. Then I kinda got… carried away.\" He sat down, making the only noise in the now silent basement. He stared at his desk, deliberately not looking at everyone staring at him. The silence continued. Boon fiddled with his fingers. \"We should read Otter's. It's really gross.\" -- Math \"Math is my worst subject,\" Hoover stared at the chalk meaningfully before sighing and beginning to write an equation on the board. \"I'm going to start out with some algebraic equations. Technically we're at the level for calculus, but you guys probably don't even remember algebra, or maybe arithmetic for that matter so I think I should brush up on the basics.\" He began writing some formulas for finding variables or some crap like that on the board. \"We do too know arithmetic,\" Flounder said, crossing his arms, looking very hurt. A tall Delta with a shaved head named BB looked at him. \"Arithmetic? I thought we were studying math.\" \"That's not right!\" Stork shouted in regards to Hoover's math. Hoover looked at him, surprised at the outburst. \"Stork, please try to keep it down. I'm trying to teach.\" \"But you're not doing it right!!\" \"He's really good at math,\" Hardbar said. \"Really, really good. And you said math is your worst subject.\" \"Guys, if you think something I write is wrong, just wait a minute and we'll discuss it afterwards.\" All was quiet, except for schoolboy-reminiscent whispering and note-passing. That was, until Stork piped up again, squealing somewhat like a pig in frustration. He shot up. \"STOP! You're doing it wrong !\" \"Stork! Your behavior is getting out of hand! I told you to be patient!\" \"But it is wrong .\" \"Well, dammit, if you're so good, you come up here and do it!\" Stork got up and stomped to the front of the classroom. Hoover had three equations written up for different mathematical processes, and Stork made three neat little strikes through all of them. Then he took thirty seconds to scribble some intricate numbers, signs, letters, arrows, and the rest of the dregs of math. Finally he threw the chalk down. \"That there formuler explains why you're such an idiot.\" -- \"But you've got to believe me!\" Chip Diller followed around Neidermeyer, whose contorting face was slowly expressing more and more disgust. \"I saw them and even heard them! They weren't very stealthy!\" \"Oh for… would you shut up ?\" Neidermeyer finally stopped pacing in his futile effort to lose the pledge in the pristine Omega living room. He took a seat in the expensive armchair and took out his old-fashioned pipe. It was kind of weird-looking next to his full military uniform, boots and badges included. Gregg Marmalard, who was reading the Daily Faberian in the couch across from them, raised an eyebrow at their noise. \"I believe you already! They were stealing from the school. I'd be surprised if they weren't vandalizing or doing something else criminal every night. I just don't feel like giving them the satisfaction of luring me out of the comfort of this house to chase them around.\" \"But it's wrong!\" Chip wasn't giving up. He plunked himself down next to Marmalard. \"You agree with me, don't you?\" Marmalard sighed, folded up his paper, put in his lap, and crossed his legs. Between that and the blazer, he looked liked he was preparing for a fatherly lecture. \"Now, Chip, I don't think the matter is whether or not we agree.\" He snapped his newspaper out again. \"We just don't care.\" But then he looked up. \"What were they stealing?\" \"Desks and books!\" \"Wait, you just said they were stealing furniture when you talked to me,\" Neidermeyer said. \"You don't mean to say the Deltas were stealing things with the intent to learn ?\" He laughed. Now Marmalard looked a bit bothered. \"Chip…\" \"I'm not joking! This is serious! We have to do something for Faber College!\" \"Do what? They probably haven't looked at a book in so long… the stress will be too much… either their hearts or brains will explode!\" Neidermeyer laughed again, probably at the thought of many painful deaths. Chip took a minute to realize that this was the first time he had ever seen Neidermeyer laugh more than once. Actually, it was the first time he had ever seen the ROTC commander laugh at all. It was really creeping him out. Marmalard started up again. \"Chip, when you're in this household, it's okay to say you just want to beat the shit out of some Delta for no reason. The practice is encouraged. But please don't make up excuses – it's not dignified.\" Chip was about to argue his case, but it was no use. \"I understand. Thank you for having this discussion with me. I feel much better and richer for the experience.\" He got up and went upstairs. But instead of heading towards his own room, he headed towards Neidermeyer's… -- History \"Let's see… Civil War…\" Hoover tossed a few papers with a lesson plan he had prepared over his shoulder. \"History was my second worst subject. Let's skip it.\" \"No, I can teach history!\" Bluto offered. \"Bluto, you're not Stork. You think the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor.\" \"They didn't? Oh. Well, Mr. Smartass, who did?\" Hoover opened his mouth and put his hands on his hips in an of-course-I-know-I'm-better way but paused. \"Um… the… Asians.\" He was actually somewhat thankful that Pinto raised his hand. \"Yes, Pinto?\" \"May I go to the bathroom?\" \"No. Go between classes.\" Pinto knitted his eyebrows like he was going to argue, but just thought better of it and crossed his legs on the floor. \"I may as well give history an attempt, I suppose,\" Hoover turned to the blackboard but was again interrupted, this time by laughter from the back of the \"classroom\". Hoover turned to his class with his best disciplinarian face and had little trouble pinpointing the source. \"Boon, Otter, mind telling me what is so funny?\" \"You wouldn't get it,\" Otter said. \"Try me.\" Boon smiled and said, \"We were talking about what an asshole you are.\" \"Boon! Do not use that language in my classroom!\" \"What? Asshole? You've used it before.\" \"I want you two to come to the front of the classroom. Right now.\" They came up, still exchanging looks that were mixtures of amusement, sarcasm, and fear. Hoover rummaged around his desk (which probably belonged to some poor teacher) and came up with some object. \"You know, I had to buy soap because there's none in this house!\" He held up the little pink bar. Boon looked at it. It smelled girlish. \"What are you going to do with soap?\" Bluto said, \"Why use soap when you can just change your clothes?\" \"AGAHPLGH!!\" Boon tried to wrestle away from Hoover, who was stuffing the soap bar in his mouth. \"There! That'll teach you to swear in my classroom!\" Hoover stepped away to admire his art. Boon was slightly sudsy and extremely pissed off. Otter would have been next, but funny thing was, Flounder was standing in his place. \"Hi, Hoover.\" \"Hello, Flounder. Where did Otter go?\" \"I think he went to the bathroom.\" \"What?!\" Pinto shouted. \"I'm going to piss my pants and he gets to go without asking?\" D-Day walked into the room. \"Are you doing that studying thing now?\" \"YES!\" Hoover said. \"You didn't know that? Where have you been?\" \"Preparing a lesson plan. I'm teaching your science class. You said I could because you said science was your third worst subject.\" \"I was joking…!\" Otter burst back in. \"I brought beer!\" Everybody but Hoover, Pinto, and Boon cheered. Pinto was beginning to look strained. \" No beer in my classroom! \" \"Wait, he gets to teach science, but I can't teach history?!\" Bluto got up out ofhis seat. \"That's an outrage!!\" Boon glared at Hoover. \"I'm going to write a story about you …\" He threatened through a mouth full of suds. Stork also got up, just to add to the noise. \"I stepped on a nail and it's been there for two days!\" -- Gregg put his newspaper down, after finally finishing it. He stood up from the comfortable couch. I feel like punching something. -- Chip Diller crept across Fraternity Row along the backyards. He had camouflage face paint and backpack full of supplies lifted from Neidermeyer's room. Chip took out a pair of binoculars, and looked through them toward Delta House. Delta House was ten feet away. Even their brickwork is shoddy, Chip thought to himself with some degree of satisfaction. He crept up to the house, analyzing it. The house's upper windows were mostly dark, and it was somewhat quieter than usual. What noise there was came from the basement, so Chip concluded that's where most of them were – no doubt getting ready to massively vandalize Faber property! Diller decided that if they were in the basement, the chimney would be a safe mode of entry. I'll be just like Santa Claus, punishing the bad with my fists of coal! Diller paused briefly to shudder, remembering when he was young and naughty and often got the Fists of Coal on Christmas Eve, then brought out a grappling hook. How the hell am I supposed to use this? He fiddled with it, and shot it through a window. Oh well. Their window. He didn't know how to bring it back by fiddling with it again, so he dragged it back. But it got stuck on the window sill. He jerked it, and it took off a chunk of wall. But it came back! So it was still pretty much a success. Chip shot the hook again, and this time it clipped onto the side of their chimney. He pulled on it once, and then again, and it didn't come back. Satisfied, he began to climb up – and the instant he put his whole weight on it, it came back, causing Chip's back to drop four feet to the ground. Growling, he let the rope out of the gun, and swung it in a high arc, causing the hook to wrap around the chimney. This time he was actually able to get it to stay long enough to scale the side of the house. He saw a single Delta in the kitchen grabbing more beer, but they didn't see him, and he didn't see anybody in their rooms. Finally, somewhat winded, Diller pulled himself up to the roof, and stuck one leg in the chimney. He paused, and a sadistic grin like that of a Jack-o-Lantern slowly split his face. Retrieving Neidermeyer's grappling hook, he quietly muttered, \"Ho ho ho, you blackguards,\" and used the rope to slide gently down the chimney. Halfway down, he wondered, what's that chittering noise? briefly until the family of chipmunks attacked. -- Geography \"But we already learned history,\" Hardbar said, adjusting his position in his seat by putting his feet up on his desk. \"History and geography are two very different things, Hardbar,\" Hoover said. \"Now, can somebody tell me the five themes of geography?\" Pinto raised his hand. \"Location is one. That's all I know.\" \"Good! Glad to see some of us were paying attention, at least a little bit.\" \"Can I go to the bathroom now?\" \"I SAID HOLD IT. There's location, and I'll give you one – movement. Since I know none of you are going to voluntarily be helpful, I'm just going to go around each row, and everybody is going to give it their best shot.\" \"Which way are you going?\" Otter asked from where he was sitting in the back of the middle row. \"Horizontally. Starting in this corner with Pinto.\" \"I already said one. Can I please go?\" Pinto tried, twitching out of a need to relieve himself. Hoover gave him a nasty look (very uncharacteristic of Hoover). Pinto shrank back. \" Hold it .\" The poor little pledge was shaking. \"Yes sir!\" His voice cracked. Otter ignored that whole little scene. \"Well, good, if you go that way, then you won't reach me for a while.\" \"Then we'll start with you and work our way clockwise.\" \"What?!\" \"Otter, try to name one of the five themes of geography.\" Otter sighed and gave it a bit of thought. \"My ass.\" Hoover stomped over to Otter. When Hoover reached over to him, Otter began to scoot away (he didn't want his mouth to be washed out with girly soap). But Hoover grabbed him and ripped off the tan jacket he was wearing. \"You just lost your blazer privileges, mister.\" Boon looked from Otter to Hoover. \"Hey, why don't you wash his mouth out?\" \"You're not wearing a blazer,\" Hoover was back at his desk. \"What the hell!\" \"Boon, please grow up. Roach, why don't you give the five themes a try?\" The plain-looking vest-clad Delta tried, \"Igneous?\" \"That's… geology, not geography. Einswine?\" \"Metamorphic?\" \"Guys, it's not rocks. Boon?\" \"Screw you.\" \"If you can tell me one, I'll wash Otter's mouth out with soap.\" \"Human-environment interactions.\" Hoover smiled and took out his soap after writing it on the board. \"Thank you, Boon!\" Otter was making little noises of disbelief and put on what must have been his third indignant face that day. Bluto looked next to him, where Flounder had fallen asleep in class. Flounder was probably next to get called on. Bluto tapped him on the shoulder. \"Flounder. You're gonna get called on. Hey, Flounder. Wake up. You're next.\" He paused and observed him to see if there was any sign of movement. He tapped him a bit harder. \"Flounder! You're gonna get called on next. Hey, Flounder. FLOUNDER !!\" He whacked him hard upside the head. \"Owwwww!\" Flounder cried and grabbed his head. \"That really hurt.\" Now Hoover had a large ruler. \"I know something that's going to hurt a lot more!\" Bluto gave him a look of horror. \"You're the worst teacher ever!!\" \"It's true. I should stage my takeover now.\" D-Day said. -- Now past the chipmunks and possibly infected with rabies, Chip Diller wormed his way down the chimney. To say it was dirty was quite the understatement. But he honestly didn't expect it would be clean. He squirmed down, slipping halfway there and falling on his butt in a pile of ash and beer cans. He checked his backpack to make sure nothing was broken. With gusto, Chip jumped out of the fireplace and into the living room. \"Whoa!\" Hardbar was upstairs, getting more beer. Chip whipped out a tranquilizer gun and shot him with it. \"Damn interruptions.\" He made his way across the room and stepped over Hardbar's unmoving body to an empty keg. He punched two holes in the top with his pocket knife and climbed in, flipping it over so the top seemed closed (but it was actually the bottom), and the real top was on the bottom where his feet stuck out for movement. Awesome idea! Go me! He shuffled around in it, making his way over to the middle of the room. But he stopped short when Hoover bounded up the steps from the basement. He muttered to himself and looked around frantically. Someone knocked at the door. \" Hold on, please! Dammit… can't let D-Day show them how to make a bomb… HEY GUYS! THERE'S A FRESH KEG UP HERE!\" Gregg Marmalard, with two other Omegas known by the Deltas as Guy From Philadelphia and Guy Who Nods Whenever Marmalard or Neidermeyer Talk, came into the house without waiting for someone to open the door. \"Aha! Kegs! I knew there was a good reason for me to come over here!\" There was a small uproar downstairs. Bluto came roaring up, screaming his head off, and grabbed the keg of Chip over his shoulder. \"What the… Bluto! Stop! There's someone in that keg!!\" Hoover said Bluto stopped and face Hoover. \"What?\" Hoover gestured to the flailing legs off the top of it. \"And there are eyeholes too! And Hardbar's unconscious over there! And good, now you're distracted from D-Day's classes!\" \"Eyeholes? How is it not leaking?\" \"There's no beer in it!\" \"THEN WHAT GOOD IS IT?\" Bluto kicked the keg over and it went rolling downstairs. The keg burst at the bottom, and Chip, looking quite worse for wear, jumped up to see a bunch of Deltas staring back at him. There was an uncomfortable silence until Boon shouted, \"Holy shit! \" Chip Diller whipped out the tranquilizer gun, and all the Deltas jumped and shouted, thinking it was a real gun. Chip shot it, but only a clicking noise came out. \"Oh, shoot. What good is this if it's only loaded for one person?!\" He threw it at Boon instead. \"AGH-! What the hell! I'm going to write a fucking novel tonight!\" Meanwhile, the Omegas, Bluto, and Hoover, were watching the scene up top. Gregg turned to Hoover. \"A ha ! You kidnapped one of our pledges! There's a real reason to beat you up!\" He hit Hoover once hard in the face. Hoover stumbled against the wall. \"Ouch! You Omegas are terrible, terrible people!!\" \"We're terrible people? You kidnapped one of our impressionable, innocent freshmen!\" \"HE BROKE IN!\" \"And he defaced our beer!!\" Bluto added, stomping up to face Marmalard. \"That's SICK!\" \"I don't care if you're suspicious of us, you can't break into our house!\" Hoover said. Bluto eagerly nodded. \"It's illegal.\" \"It's barely a house…\" said Guy From Philadelphia. If Bluto had been placated at all before, it was worthless, because that started him up again. \" And now you're insulting us! Maybe that's why we stole your pledge!\" Hoover shoved Bluto away. \"Stop talking!! You're making it worse!\" \"AND JUST LIKE I SAID, THERE'S STOLEN SCHOLARLY GOODS DOWN HERE TOO!\" Chip shouted at them. \"COME DOWN HERE AND LOOK!\" Marmalard shoved past Hoover and Bluto, leading his groupies downstairs. \"I don't believe it! You did steal from the college! I can't imagine… that's it! I'm going to Dean Wormer!\" \"How can I teach with all this noise?!\" D-Day brandished about a dead rat and nitroglycerin in a beaker, waving them wildly. \"You have some explaining to do!\" Marmalard crossed his arms. \"Wait until Dean Wormer hears this! You're all dead meat!\" Guy Who Nods Whenever Marmalard or Neidermeyer Talk was nodding, naturally. \"Yeah!\" D-Day said. \"Maybe you should take one of us to explain things to him! Then we can tell him all about your stupid crap too!\" \"Wait a minute, all of you!\" Otter stepped forward, inserting himself in the conversation. \"I'm not talking! I wanna be involved!\" For once, nobody listened to him. Marmalard just kept going. \"How is confirming our suspicions, albeit in a somewhat intrusive way, comparable to you stealing from Faber College and abducting one of our pledges? Probably with the intent to teach him all of your horrible habits… or maybe even to molest him! \" \"EWWW!\" Three random Deltas called out. Boon laughed. He wiggled his fingers at Chip. \"Grope. Grope. Grope. Come here, little boy!\" \"STOP THAT!\" Hoover's voice reached a volume he had never known he was capable of. \"Let's go, you ruffians! We're taking you to Wormer's office!\" \"Take Hoover!\" Bluto shoved Hoover towards him. \"What?! But… guys!\" \"Bye, Hoover!\" Boon waved. \"We'll pick you up someday! Good luck!\" The Omegas grabbed Hoover's arms and led him up the stairs. He attempted to drag his feet. \"Nooo! I'm gonna die!\" They had all left, but Chip Diller remained. \"Go away!\" Stork ordered. Chip twitched his way slowly up the stairs. \"You're all on my shit list. Do you hear me? Every one of you. Even if you get away with it this time. I'm writing your names down! HA!\" He slammed the basement door behind him. They could sort of hear the sounds of him running across the living room, tripping and falling, then running again until he was out the door. \"That was scary!\" Flounder said. \"What an odd little man!\" D-Day rubbed his moustache in thought. \"Puts me to shame… so who wants to finish up learning how to make dynamite?!\" The Deltas cheered. They barely noticed as a groggy Hardbar opened the basement door and looked inside. \"Oh! Cool, I didn't miss anything important! Hey guys! I brought beer! Now let's make bombs!\" He stumbled down the stairs. -- Professor Jennings rubbed his tired eyes as he made his way down the hall at eight AM. Coffee did nothing for him on mornings like these. As he opened the door, he realized how thankful he was that least he didn't have any morning classes that day. He could just sleep at his desk until... \"What the hell?\" There were no desks, bookshelves, or chairs in his classroom. Nothing. It was totally empty. His own desk and even the chalkboard were gone. He blinked a few times to see if the image would change. \"That must have been some of the best weed I've had in a long time.\" ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own National Lampoon's Animal House and its characters. Got another one for yo"},{"Movie":"National Lampoon","Title":"House of Wolves","Author":"Yellowfur","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4646028","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cocainenhad it's way of, simply put, fucking people up in Delta House. Andnboy, they had their way of forgetting it. Tonight was different -nweird, even for a white night. Someone got a hold of something else.nWhat was it? Oh, pfft, who cares. Sure was good. Some freshmen can't handlentheir drugs, though... Mothball wouldn't be missed for days. Badndogs! ","Summary":" Cocainenhad it's way of, simply put, fucking people up in Delta House. Andnboy, they had their way "},{"Movie":"National Lampoon","Title":"33 Things You Didn't Know About Faber Collegians","Author":"Yellowfur","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4063205","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Animal House. This is a fanfiction for National Lampoon's Animal House. It's in a style I used to do more often, the \"Twenty Truths\" style. But I changed some plans, fiddled, and it came out to be thirty-three. Including people besides the Deltas. It's supposed to be part angst, part humor. It's a oneshot. I'm not sure, but I think this is the first Animal House fanfiction on this website. If it isn't, please let me know before I go off bragging about it. :) 33 Things You Didn't Know About Faber Collegians 1. D-Day has been growing that moustache since he was eleven. 2. Boon once conducted a study to see how long Otter spent combing his hair. He could not get any exact figures because Otter told him there were so many factors that affected this, humidity being one. 3. Greg Marmalard is gay. 4. While we're still on the subject of him, Greg gets extremely upset when people call him Greg Marmalade or write it this way. He got so upset when this was on his latest report card that he kicked a huge dent into the side of his car. The Deltas decided to do him a favor and fill up the dent. With orange marmalade, of course. The trunk, too. 5. Stork's IQ is 71. 6. D-Day has a hand grenade, a trench spike, a Shaolin spade, one of the largest sets of screwdrivers you've ever seen, a newspaper from 1910, pepper spray, a handbook of exotic diseases, and something growing in aforementioned moustache. 7. Hoover is the most well-endowed of any man in the house. 8. Flounder got laid before Pinto. 9. People in Delta House rarely get angry drunk (except for Bluto, who gets 'everything' drunk), but they sometimes get \"weird drunk\". Boon is the most notable. On one particular \"weird drunk day\" (for the record, alcohol wasn't the only thing he had), Boon did the following: • Made \"Delta tea\", enough for the entire house. • Crammed for a final on a subject he didn't take. • Drew a likeness of Flounder on one of the couches, which actually turned out to be pretty good. • Squirted toothpaste on the inside of Otter's sheets. • Successfully stole all the canned food out of the Omega House, despite their all being in the house. • Attempted to rip D-Day's hair off his head in an effort to prove that it was Katy in disguise, spying on him. • Tried to convince Otter to let him try on his lipstick, not believing that Otter didn't wear lipstick. • Lit Otter's hairspray on fire, while Otter was trying (and failing) to apply it. All in under an hour, too. These Weird Drunk Boon shenanigans are fun for everybody in the household, except for Otter and D-Day. 10. Neidermeyer is lactose intolerant. 11. To help him get over his lactose intolerance, which is impossible, the Deltas put fifteen open cartons of milk in his room (in Omega House) when he went away for a week and a half. The other Omegas didn't notice or didn't care. 12. Mrs. Wormer's favorite drink is Peppermint Schnapps. 13. The same goes for Clorette DePasto. 14. Otter hates Katy. More on this later. 15. Looking at Bluto, one may think he came from a family with an alcoholic parent or something, but he didn't. He came from a middle-class family with two parents who are still together and a brother and they had a couple dogs over the years in their two-story house in Pennsylvania. Bluto's parents continued to pay for his college tuition after his fourth year, and after the fifth year, and after the sixth… maybe they're the type of parents that go into denial every time their child messes up, or maybe they just couldn't care less that he's failing so long as he's out of his house, or maybe they're just too stupid to notice. Whichever it is, it may explain a bit. 16. The Deltas have lost count of the pranks they've played on the Omegas. Some were total successes, others didn't end up being that funny or didn't get off the ground, and others resulted in someone from Delta House getting the shit beaten out of them. • A semi-funny one involved putting a ladybug magnet, a Florida sun magnet, a puppy magnet, and other embarrassing trinkets of magnets all over Neidermeyer's helmet. • One of the ones that ended in a beating involved Boon in a panda costume. The rest is history. 17. Boon : (noun) 1. something to be thankful for; blessing; benefit. 2. Something that is asked; a favor sought. 18. Pinto : (adjective) 1. marked with spots of white and other colors; mottled; spotted. (noun) 2. A pinto horse. 3. a variety of the common bean, Phaseolus vulgaris, having mottled or spotted seeds: grown chiefly in the southern U.S. 19. To put things simply, Otter didn't get enough love and physical affection as a child. 20. Otter hates Katy because he thinks she greatly resembles a chicken and doesn't serve much of a purpose to Boon other than to make him miserable… okay, she buys him food, too. That's okay. But most puzzling to Otter is how Boon just made up with Katy after she cheated on him. He doesn't understand who the dumber one is in that relationship now. Maybe if Boon handled love and sex the way Otter did, he would be happier. The same applies to the rest of the world. To Otter, the rest of the world sure seems to handle sex weirdly – yes, his girl-a-night method makes perfect sense. No obligation to call the next day. No hurt feelings because it can't possibly be about love. You don't have to bother with the girl again unless they were really good (like in Mandy's case). He's right. It's the rest of the world that's out of order. 21. Chip is dead inside. By his graduation, this became true seven times over. 22. You may wonder just why Neidermeyer hates the Deltas so much. Interestingly enough, when you get down to it, he doesn't hate them all that much . He's just a hateful man. You can't get around it. We could spend a lot of time digging into his past, but the answer would still be the same: Neidermeyer's an asshole. 23. It's been just a few days since Dean Wormer and Mrs. Wormer had sex, but they haven't had it with each other since their honeymoon. 24. There's been some dwelling on Otter and Bluto's pasts, so you may be wondering about the others. To make things fast, Greg grew up in a perfect family, Mandy's family was even more perfect, Babs had no mother, Boon wore girls' pajamas and caught hell from his father for it, Flounder's brother was a total fuck-up and Flounder ended up being sheltered because of this, Katy's mother was a hippie, Hoover was an eldest sibling and everyone expected everything of him, D-Day was raised by ocelots, and there's nearly nothing notable in all the years of childhood and adolescence of Pinto. 25. Bluto can bake cookies. Or, he used to be able to. Either way, it would be fun to see him try. 26. Boon lied; there's barely anything he's done that Katy doesn't know about. 27. The Omegas talk with their fists when conversations don't go their way, as you would expect pretty jocks to do. But not to girls. Actually, you never know. Check back in a few years. 28. The Omegas don't always enjoy talking with their fists, though. It gets tedious, the teachers may find out, your reputation could go sour, if you lose then it's humiliating, and your knuckles start to hurt after a while. They enjoy doing that to the Deltas, though. It's fun. And thoroughly satisfying (oh, not in that way, at least not to everybody besides Marmalard and maybe Neidermeyer). They always say you should try it sometime; they only live a couple houses away. 29. Okay, fine, there's another reason. It angers the Omegas deep within their blackened little jock souls that despite the facts that the Omegas are more athletic, generally better-looking, get more dates (except for Otter), come from wealthier families, get better grades, are on much better terms with the dean and other adults in general, and probably have healthier livers (and let's not forget that the Omegas win more fights), the Deltas are still much happier. 30. D-Day has, to date, appeared on America's Most Wanted, France's Most Wanted, Canada's Most Wanted EVER, Belgium's Most Wanted, South Africa's Most Wanted, Japan's Most Wanted, and North Korea's Least Wanted. Also Deal or no Deal and The Price is Right. What a fame hound. 31. Flounder has gotten twenty-nine wedgies in his lifetime. Yes, he's kept count. 32. The Faber student who came up with the slogan 'When Better Women Are Made, Faber Men Will Be There To Make Them' would later go on to write the screenplay of 'The Stepford Wives'. It's probably a fetish or something. 33. Beer itself is a tradition in Delta House. And why not? Dean Wormer is too uptight. He'd be as happy as they are if he had a drink every once in a while. Look at his wife. She's happy when she drinks. And Clorette. Clorette was beyond happy. All it takes for that blissful drunken feeling to take over, as all the Deltas know (especially Bluto), is a simple formula: they take a sip for everyone that makes them miserable. A sip for their parents. A sip for Dean Wormer. A sip for Greg Marmalard. A sip for Neidermeyer. A sip for Katy. And a sip for themselves. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Animal House. This is a fanfiction for National Lampoon's Animal House. It"},{"Movie":"National Lampoon","Title":"Minor Blip","Author":"Yellowfur","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4834361","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I slashed them. Finally. Sucess. Yes, that was a slash. It was quite mild. If you blinked, you missed it. You also probably missed it if you don't know what this word means: erection. I am female and not afraid to say that word. I used to be paranoid about how people wouldn't like this. I refuse to apologize. They're just too cute together to need an apology. In my opinion. I would love to hear yours! Disclaimer: Animal House belongs to National Lampoon. --- \"This is so annoying,\" Boon covered his face with his hands. \"Sometimes that's the way girls are,\" Otter sat beside him on Boon's bed. His room was noticeably less exciting and erotic than Otter's, but that kind of fit the mood right about now. \"What would you know?\" Boon flopped his hands down on his thighs. Otter watched him, and noticed that in the position he was in, far back on the bed all slouched over, his feet did not touch the ground. \"You never stay in a relaaaationship.\" \"I know that girls can cause problems.\" Boon sighed. \"Again, I ask, how would you know? You never get to know any girls.\" \"Doesn't mean I don't get problems with girls. And besides, I can observe you.\" He leaned back, crossed his legs, and rested on his elbows. Boon didn't answer. Unfortunately, Otter took this to mean he should move forward. \"So maybe it's better you finally broke things off with Katy.\" No answer. Okay then we'll just keep going. \"I think she was only making you miserable.\" \"She was not only making me miserable!!\" He faced Otter and pointed his finger at him in warning. Otter raised an eyebrow. Okaaaayyyyy then, gooood, let it sit for a minute. \"When did she make you happy?\" This didn't upset Boon. He transferred his feet to the bed, uncaring of his shoes being part of the deal. \"I don't even know anymore. I just didn't want to break up with her. It felt like I had to be in this relationship for some reason.\" He paused, then lay back on his bed and crossed his legs. Otter sat back up for him. \"Do you think you'll never get someone else?\" \"No, I just think… I think she's the only one who really gives a crap about me anymore.\" \"That's not true.\" \"Yuh-huh.\" \"Nuh-uh.\" \"Very mature.\" \"What about the guys? It's a whole house full of guys here. They seem to like you, in case you didn't get the message the past four years.\" Boon stretched out his legs. He looked a little pissed. \"No. I'm kinda fun, especially when I'm drunk. That's-\" \"Why they like you.\" \"Liking doesn't always mean truly giving a shit.\" Otter stretched out next to him. He covered a better amount of the bed easily. \"That's still not true.\" He sometimes teased Boon about their height difference, either to make less comfortable or more comfortable. And now there was a long pause. \"My feet are like, on TOP of your footboard. Be glad you don't have this problem.\" \"Not now, Otter.\" \"Fine,\" Move on as fast as possible, made an oops . \"Hey. You need to cheer up. Let's go get drunk.\" \"I don't knowww,\" Boon flipped his over and put his face on his pillow. \"What? You always wanna get drunk! Come on.\" Otter sat up and tugged on his arm. \"You know you wanna.\" \"Yeah, I do,\" His voice was muffled. Otter threw his legs over the side of the bed and continued tugging. \"At least come down for a beer or two or three or four.\" i No laugh, oh well, keep going . /i \"You'll forget all about her soon enough.\" Boon did sit up and threw his own legs over the side, sitting next to Otter again. \"I don't want to.\" SHIT that wasn't how it was supposed to dammit why'd you have to say why does he have to \"Come on. I know what'll make you happy.\" Otter stood up. \"I'm trying my best here. You don't want me to actually do something like hug you, right?\" \"You better not.\" \"Then come on down, contestant number Boon, and retrieve your prize!\" \"Drunkenness?\" \"Damn straight.\" \"…Hm.\" Otter sighed. An idea crossed his mind, but he would feel like an elementary schoolgirl for going forth. Desperate times call for desperate measures. Look at him. Doesn't even want to get drunk, he always wants to get drunk, desperate over here . \"I didn't want to do this.\" Otter tackled him to the floor. \"GET OFF, YOU PSYCHO.\" \"Not until you smile. And agree to come down for some good, clean drinking.\" Otter straddled him. \"Are you just going to sit there, because this is freaking me out- out- AGH!\" Boon wriggled around as Otter tickled him. \"It's working! You're smiling!\" I'm good. \"What the- fuck- you- get- fuck- stop!\" To Otter's credit, Boon was laughing. \"Say uncle! Beer is calling!\" \"Fine! Fine! Get- agh! Whatever! Get- OFF!\" Boon bucked his hips. The laughing stopped. They stared at each other in shock. Boon murmured, \"Did… did you just…\" \"No, you're…\" Another moment of shocked staring. Otter got up and quickly sat down on the floor again. Boon snapped upright and crossed his legs. After a long pause, Otter said, \"I'm really sorry. I didn't think you - or I - would. Uh. I'm not-\" \"Neither am I.\" \"So that was just.\" \"Not our fault.\" Another awkward pause and a couple shifting noises. Otter got up. \"Well! I'm going to get drunk. I do hope you'll join me.\" Boon was just staring straight ahead. Otter bit his lip. I fucked this one up. \"Hello?\" He snapped his fingers. \"Drunkenness? Drinking? Hmmm?\" Boon sighed and uncrossed his legs. \"You know what? Sure. Why the fuck not.\" Otter offered his hand and helped pull Boon to his feet. \"Damn, I have to really reach down to do that. I'll throw out my back one of these days.\" \"Ha ha. Once you go low altitude, you never go back.\" Otter laughed. Boon started for the door, but after one step, Otter grabbed his arms, and hugged him. \"Feel better. Seriously.\" \"Why. Do you insist so much.\" His voice was shaky. \"Because I truly give a shit.\" A couple more seconds. Then Boon returned the hug. A few more seconds. A few more. They broke apart. \"Drunkenness?\" \"Lead the way and hurry up already.\" ","Summary":" I slashed them. Finally. Sucess. Yes, that was a slash. It was quite mild. If you blinked, you miss"},{"Movie":"National Lampoon","Title":"Wake Up Call","Author":"Yellowfur","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4646054","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"...Shit.\"nMaybe if that was Boon's only reaction, things would have gonenbetter. Instead, here he was standing in a room with three bodies andntwo souls. Katy had been standing there with that look on her facenfor about fifteen seconds now. Don't make that face, it'll stay likenthat. Ha. Ha. Every murderer's a comedian. Oh, CRAP, he IS anmurderer! Oh... wowie. This sucked .nA lot. Wait... was he moving?! Oh come on. Come on! This wasn'tnhappening! Could he even shoot Jennings again. No. No! COME ON! Nonfair. ","Summary":" \"...Shit.\"nMaybe if that was Boon's only reaction, things would have gonenbetter. Instead, here h"},{"Movie":"National Lampoon","Title":"London Beckoned Songs About Money By Machines","Author":"Yellowfur","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4646032","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Nonone knew Eric Stratton's name, neither in this hellhole factory ornhellholle city. He was mostly just worker number whatever, he didn'tnreally know what they called him. He was in a line of robots poundingnout the same old thing, and it had better be good. All he saw wasngray all day long, in the walls, the sky, the people. He was so muchnbetter than this. He had to be seen. He would be. He could handle it,nthe pressure, he was the most sarcastic and confident of them all.nYeah... now would be good. Screw this. Screw the assembly line. Screwnauthority! Make a scene... ","Summary":" Nonone knew Eric Stratton's name, neither in this hellhole factory ornhellholle city. He was mostly"},{"Movie":"National Lampoon","Title":"National Lampoon's Hawaiian Vacation","Author":"Douglas Rothbury","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8077355","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Griswolds are practically your average salt-of-the-earth family, having a mother and a father, and two children. They have a very nice house in a crime-free suburban community. Clark, the father, has a job at a preservative company, his children, Rusty and Audrey, go to school nearby with average grades, and Clark's wife, Ellen, is an at-home housewife. They seem to be a normal family, but their vacations somehow always end up being the most abnormal thing you've ever set your eyes on. They went to Walley World (twice) and had a surreal drive to and fro, had a strange Christmas vacation (twice again), and went off the edge in Las Vegas. It's finally Spring Break, and this time the Griswolds are going on a week-long trip to Hawaii… On the last night until Spring Break, Rusty and Audrey were up in their rooms, Rusty reading the latest issue of Mad and Audrey on the phone with her boyfriend for hours on end. Ellen was in the living room, knitting a new scarf for her daughter to wear (even though Audrey had no taste for these embarrassing things). Clark finally came home from work, later than usually. After he took off his light brown coat and grey hat, Ellen asked him, \"Why are you so late tonight? This has been for this whole week and every night, you give the same lame excuse, 'It's a secret'.\" He set down his briefcase and walked into the nearby living room and sat down next to her, to reply, \"I'll tell you know since you seem anxious to know what I've been up to these recent evenings. I've been discussing with my boss a special promotion from him to us, boasting first-class round-trip tickets to the big island and deluxe hotel accommodations. Excited?\" He was anxiously waiting for her face to light up, but there was just a plain expression sitting there like a boulder. \"Clark, has it ever occurred to you that our vacations are really, how do I put it, special?\" \"Yes, they are extremely special!\" Clark isn't the sharpest tool in the shed, so sometimes it's hard to discuss serious subjects with him. \"Yes, they are certainly special, but I'm concerned that one of these days, these vacations are going end up creating serious damage.\" He finally saw where this was going, so he tried to make light of the idea. \"Honey, I know sometimes that these vacations are a pain in the butt, but why should this get in our way? This year, we'll have a quality Griswold family vacation, in Hawaii!\" She finally started to smile and embraced him closely, \"Oh, Clark, you're always trying to say the nicest things, but they somehow come out always the worst!\" They kiss briefly, but the big question comes up, \"How are we going to explain this to the kids? They were practically terrified of our last vacation!\" They gathered the children in the living room, as if they were about to chew somebody out. Clark looked the kids straight in the eye and declared, \"For this year's Griswold family vacation, we are going to Hawaii during Spring Break.\" Rusty and Audrey rolled their eyes because they knew that at least one hundred things are going to go wrong during this vacation. They also knew that Clark's feelings are very sensitive, so they pretended to be excited. Audrey exclaimed, \"Oh my god Dad, you're the best! How did you pull this out of the budget?\" He calmly replied, \"It doesn't matter sweetie.\" He had a big smile on his face, but behind him his hand was trembling and skimming his wallet to see at least how much cash he had on him. Rusty was sarcastically jumping for joy and yelling \"Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy!\" Audrey quickly grabbed him by the wrist and slapped him across the face, whispering, \"What the Hell are you doing? They obviously see it's sarcasm and take it that you're trying to mock them!\" He faintly whispered back, \"Ok,\" and sat on the couch, trying to look business-like. \"I look forward to spending time with you, Mr. and Mrs. Griswold.\" Audrey rolled her eyes and thought, Rusty, can't you ever be casual when it's the right thing to do? Sometimes you need to grow up… Ellen put her hand around Clark's shoulder, and said, \"It's so nice of you to provide us with all these vacations, just right on time when we need them.\" He smiled, but then she added a depressing statement, \"Speaking of right on time, since we're going on short notice, you're going to have to do some chores.\" The last word echoed in his head, knowing he's going to pay the price. \"Can I at least do it tomorrow?\" She rolled her eyes, and replied, \"Yes, you can do it tomorrow.\" ","Summary":" The Griswolds are practically your average salt-of-the-earth family, having a mother and a father, "},{"Movie":"National Lampoon","Title":"Fun","Author":"belushi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12843823","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"You still haven't lost it, have you?\" Otter slung his arm over Larry's shoulder as Larry shrunk in embarrassment. At least Otter and the some of the other boys stopped using his horrible Delta name, 'Pinto'. The two friends, along with Boon, Flounder and Bluto, were walking to the student cafeteria when the subject of Larry's love life came up. \"No. Well sort of, but I don't count- \" \"Ah, come on. Give Kroger a break, Katy and I are trying to set him up.\" Boon came over to Larry's other shoulder and clapped him on the back. Katy had been essentially pawning off her friends to Kroger with a zero percent success rate. They would either be completely uninterested or he would bring them to a Delta party and lose them in the heat of slamming down booze and rock n' roll music. \"Well, we need to find you a girl to get your feet wet. Who knows, you could be a homosexual and never realise it,\" Otter smirked at his attempt to scare the freshman as the gang sat down at a booth close to a window next to the entrance. The cafeteria was moderately filled today, more students were inclined to sit outside on stone benches and steel tables with folding umbrellas. The boys decided to dwell and hang out before getting their food, unlike themselves and especially Bluto. Bluto was quiet and didn't focus much on the conversation at hand. He usually didn't speak that often, but he liked to join in the fun of goofing on the pledges. He had been right into pushing around Pinto until he looked outside. Bluto was fixated on a girl sitting on a stone bench. He liked girls, sometimes he was lucky and got some, but he usually didn't take much notice when he was interested in something more important. He watched her as she opened a book on her lap and moved some of her long, black hair that hadn't been pulled back in her semi pony tail. She looked sweet and shy, a girl that he wouldn't normally bat an eye at. However, Bluto couldn't take his eyes off her. \"Okay boys, the mission at hand: find Pinto a date for the party tonight. Any girl will do fellas, just pick the first one you spot... Bluto, what are looking at?\" Boon followed his gaze to the girl on the bench before Bluto look away. He knew that it will be too late to keep her for himself, considering the statement Boon just said. \"Wow, look at her.\" \"Nice job, Bluto.\" Otter stated when everyone adjusted their position to check her out. \"That's Alice Dennings. She's in my philosophy class,\" Flounder piped up, feeling left out. \"Stuck up and beautiful? She's quite a catch, Kroger. Go talk to her.\" Boon pushed Larry to shove him out of the booth. Before Bluto could even think about protesting, he looked back at the girl, Alice, as Kroger left the cafeteria. At least, for two seconds, the idea of Alice being available to him was still alive. He watched as Larry walked up to her and sat down next to her. Despite his bad reputation with dating, he was surprisingly skilled at picking up girls, one-on-one. Kroger said something and they both nervously laughed, causing Bluto to also grin. She had a wonderful smile, he bet her laugh sounded like a waterfall. Or you know, some other romantic bullshit. \"How's he doing, gents?\" Hoover slid into Kroger's seat next to Boon and watched with the rest of the Delta's members. \"He seems to be working her, but it's anyone's game,\" Otter filled in. \"Nah, I have faith, he's got it.\" Boon stuck up for his protégé as Bluto slightly crumbled at their comments. Despite loving the little guy and being ready to let Pinto have Alice, he wished that it would work out the way it always did for Pinto. Larry steadily leaned in to talk to her and Bluto did the same, as if he could actually hear her speak. Hoover was the only boy who seems to notice Bluto's intense stare. \"Hey Bluto, let's get some chow.\" Hoover was despite to get Bluto away from the table to find out if his suspicions were correct. Bluto shook out of his daze only for a moment to answer Hoover. \"Yeah, just a second.\" Bluto was to entranced in Alice to realized that what he had just said was extremely out of character. He barely noticed Hoover and Otter's stare, but they all eventually went back to watching Larry and Alice. They both stood up from the bench, Alice flattening her black button up tucked into her yellow skirt. They both sheepishly smiled at each other and she said something that made him laugh. Shit, he thought. Bluto looked down as Pinto and Alice parted ways, embarrassed and rejected. Without looking at Hoover, Bluto moved out from his seat. \"Alright, let's get something…\" Bluto trailed off as he went towards the sandwiches, Hoover followed suit to cover for his obvious change in mood. Just as they left the table, Larry came back into the cafeteria and imparted his good news. Flounder and Boon congratulated him and Otter gave him props, but was still concerned about Bluto. As Bluto grabbed mountains of different food items, he re-evaluated his feelings. Pull it together Blutarsky , he scolded , he asked her fair and square . He slowly started to come back to his normal self by the time he got back to the table. He clapped Pinto on the back and sat down beside Flounder again and started to join in the roasting once more. Digging in, he looked back up the stone bench, to find Alice had left. He smirked, vaguely remembering the feeling, and then turning back to his mashed potatoes.[Chapter 2] Alice had been waiting for this day since she learned about Delta's campus reputation. She was a good girl, father and mother raised her with intelligence and generosity. She didn't stand out, but her family's wealth gave her some status on campus among the Omegas and the other preppy kids. She despised them. As much as they wanted a piece of her and her name, she wanted knock their teeth out. That's why she loved the Deltas, even though she had no connection to them whatsoever. She was against conformity and they were the definition of non-conformity. And the best part was that they didn't care. They all seemed to stand for integrity, which the Omegas had none of. A Delta boy, Larry, asked her out yesterday. He invited her to a party at the Delta Tau Chi house and she jumped at the chance. She thought he was cute too, but that was really only a bonus. She just wanted a fun night out. She knew Larry probably had no ability to be a long-term partner or even someone that she could go steady with. That was okay with her, at least he got her in. She was to go to the frat house by herself, he actually told her that some of the other members had seen him go up to her, so they knew to let her in. Not like there was much of a guest list anyway. She pulled her dad's leather belt around her high waisted jeans, her black with red polka-dotted button-up tucked into her pants. She usually didn't mess with make up, she barely knew how to apply it, but she took to using her red tinted lip gloss to make an impression. She looked at the time and smiled, the party started in two minutes. It would take her 10 minutes to walk there, she'll be appropriately late. Nobody wants to be first person to a rager. She dashed down the stairs of her dorm house and nearly jumped into the closet to find the things that she was saving for such an occasion as this. Her black two-inch heels. As she put them on she realized the 10-minute walk will feel more like 30 minutes in the shoes, but she figured it would be acceptable if she took off her shoes late enough into the party. Pulling her black leather jacket over top of her shoulders, she slipped out of the complex with a grin on her face. Even though she had never gone to a party like this before, she wanted to go all out. She wanted to be the life of the party, the girl everyone would barely remember the next day, but subsequently get invited again. However, she wasn't dumb, just ambitious. She knew she had a low alcohol tolerance and she knew because she was a girl, she would need to be more careful. However, she wanted just once, to absolutely let loose in the one place it would be praised and encouraged. Mom and Dad weren't around to police her anymore. She was free, and now was the time to test the waters. And hopefully, word that she was at the party might get back to the Omegas and they'll leave her alone. She didn't even see any house with the lights on, all she could her was the thudding music. Her heart leapt, she was almost there. All she had to do now was find Larry and have a good time. She sped up her walk until she was at the steps, taking two at a time before standing in front of the door. She raised her hand to knock on the door when she heard the cracking of wood. Her smile vacated from her face, puzzled from the sound. When the door contorted towards her, she swiftly moved to the side while the door broke from the hinges and fell forward onto the patio. Although Alice was surprised, the couple leaned against the door on the ground seemed more concerned with sticking their tongues down their throats. \"Alice! Come on in!\" Alice looked up to see Larry smiling at her from in the door way. Still puzzled, Alice matched Larry's smile and reached for his outstretched hand. Pulling her over the door, Larry helped Alice into the Delta Tau Chi house. It was a dingy, gross, decrepit mansion. Party decorations were torn and on the ground, bottles and cans we strewn about and people filed into the house in droves through the back door. Alice was curious about how the party could have started this quickly, but instantly had faith in the power of their reputation. \"You alright?\" Larry shouted over the Little Richard song blasting through the house. \"Yeah! Where's the drinks?\" \"Downstairs! Here, I'll introduce you to the guys. Hold on!\" Larry lead Alice through house, crouching under the packed students piled into the rooms. Alice giggled, glee and excitement racking her body, as she looked to the table in the living room. Two boys were on the table, twisting like maniacs, while people threw cans of beer at them. Larry and Alice looked at each other giddily and shuffled downstairs into the basement where the music seemed to be playing from. Jumping and flopping Faber students were thrusting into each other and dancing with each other so violently that Alice wondered why she didn't hear about more injuries at Delta parties. They pushed past the dancers and fell onto the bar, laughing and pleading the bar tender for drinks. She was a pretty brown-haired girl, far prettier then Alice, and Alice took notice. \"Hi! You must be Alice, right? I'm Katy, I don't know if you met Boon yet, but-\" Just as she mentioned that name, a boy popped up from under the bar and slung his arm around Katy. \"Ah, here she is! Geez, Kroger you sure can pick 'em. I'm Boon, this one's boyfriend and one of the senior members of Delta Tau Chi!\" He reached his hand over the bar and Alice took it, smiling as widely as she would allow. \"Hey, you know what? You should introduce her to Otter, Kroger. He's been waiting to see if she would actually show up.\" Katy hit Boon's shoulder and they both continued to make drinks while Larry took Alice to the dance floor. \"Otter will come down here eventually. Now, suck this down and let's dance!\" Larry gave a beer can to Alice. She opened the can and then proceeded to poke in four corners into the can's sides. Placing the can to her lips, she then twisted and pressed the can against her face, crushing the can and shooting the beer into her mouth. Kroger's eyes widened as she effectively forcibly shot-gunned the beer with out the help of carbonation. He laughed as Alice dropped the squished can with pride and fell onto Larry, pushing him towards the dance floor and giggling at his shock. Swaying and laughing, the couple whirled around the room with the other Faber students. Jostling and hitting each other, switching partners and eventually finding each other once again, and booze sloshing over the undulating mass. Larry and Alice tried their best to stay together, but through the inebriated coordination and force of the kids dancing around them, they broke apart. Alice lost Larry's hand and in the heat of moment, Alice was trapped in a cavalcade of body parts. She desperately looked for Larry, calling for him, only to have her voice lost in the vortex of human bodies. Slight panic started to set in, she could no longer see the end of the dance floor. She tried to find a person without a partner, so she could at least attempt to escape, but she seemed to be in the middle of the crowd. Suddenly, she felt something spin her around so dramatically, she fell forward onto a soft wall that wasn't there a moment ago. \"Hey there!\" Alice looked up to see a warm set of brown eyes and a full-lipped smile. The boy who had caught her was more a man than a boy, he was an adult in his mid twenties at least. His eyebrows were raised in amusement at Alice, wiggling like he was in a cheesy sitcom, but she understood that a stranger falling on you might be slightly comical. In an instant, ease and relief washed over Alice as she adjusted herself off of him, but leaving her arms around his neck. However, his smile was traded for a look of pure amazement and almost horror. Before she could react, the boy remarked, \"Alice.\" \"Yes, I'm Alice. Do you know Larry? I think his nickname is-\" \"Pinto, yeah… You lose him or something?\" \"Yeah, I can't find him. We got separated, um,\" Alice looked down in embarrassment. He probably saw her alone in the middle of the group, and it didn't help that he was a sweet looking guy. Oh yeah , she thought regretfully, you definitely have some high standards . She didn't know why she was sort of attracted to this boy, he was slightly overweight and his nose was shaped like an arrow. Maybe, it was the way he gingerly lifted her chin with his finger to once again make eye contact. Looking at her with concerned, puppy-dog eyes, he then swiftly changed into a wild grin and a piercing stare as he picked Alice up and carried her around the floor. Twirling and laughing, Alice threw her head back in pure bliss. Whatever reservations she had about this mystery man or being without Larry in a large crowd melted away with every turn. She looked down at the boy and smiled as he let her go so they could dance properly. It was if every expectation she had about how she would feel at a Delta party were met by this dopey-faced boy. She couldn't be more certain and confused in her life. Bluto couldn't be more certain and confused in his life. Here was the girl who stopped him, Bluto: Sergeant at Arms of the Delta Tau Chi fraternity house. The guy whose reputation was built on his sheer force of raw and volatile party foundation, was being taken down, brick by brick, by a pretty unremarkable girl who seemed like a total square. Pretty unremarkable, no. Pretty however… much more than just pretty. He looked into her green eyes, hands cupped around her slender waist, and couldn't function passed matching whatever facial expressions she was making. He was uncomfortable, yet completely at ease. It was like the first time he got drunk. He never needed anyone so much in his entire life and here she was, in his grasp. He twirled her around again and she gasped, throwing her head back again in enjoyment. He had her, she was putty in his hands, and he could have her right now. He grinned, he was prepared yesterday to admit defeat in his pursuit of Alice, but now she was here. Now, he had a chance. He spun her again and held her close in his arms, but he spotted Otter leaning against the wall of the basement. He knew he had to return Alice back to Pinto. He knew he never really had a chance. He squeezed her tight one last time as mental goodbye and then took her arm and lead her towards Otter on the outside of the floor. Otter had been watching his friend and the girl dancing the night away. He knew that if he left, they would have stayed together the whole night and Pinto would have once again struck out. Only this time, it would be to the selfishness of one of the Delta brothers themselves. Bluto was a good guy, but Otter saw the way he looked at her. At the cafeteria and at the party, he knew that this girl was the real deal, at least to Bluto she was. He'd hate to hurt one of his oldest college friends, but he wanted to give the freshman a fighting chance. He decided at once to determine what to do after talking to Alice herself, since she was being lead to him that instant and had no more time to make a decision. \"Ah Bluto! What did you find, boy?\" Otter faced Alice and smiled his classic grin. He didn't wait for his friend to say anything and introduced himself anyway. \"I'm Eric Stratton, but everyone calls me Otter. You must be the girl Kroger brought, say where is the scamp anyway?\" \"I don't know. We got separated, but, uh, Bluto picked up where he left off.\" She giggled and looked glowingly at Bluto, which he matched reservedly. Or at least he tried, Otter could tell he was absolutely enthralled with this girl. Otter decided that the only way to determine if Alice and Bluto were what they seemed to be, is to put forward a test. \"Boon, beer!\" Boon came over from the bar with a can of beer in hand, tossing it over to his friend as he assumed his regular position at his side. \"Well Alice, I like you. You seem like a with-it gal, but I want to see what your made of. Can you chug this?\" Alice made a face, at first as if to not understand the request. The distain then transferred to something short of cockiness. \"Chug it?\" Alice took the beer from Otter and once again forcibly shot-gunned the beer into her mouth. All three Delta members looked at her with variations of shock, Otter and Boon smiled widely with mild amusement. Bluto looked like he just pissed his pants. \"Oh shit,\" Bluto whimpered as Alice chucked the crushed can at him. She had just impressed the seniors of Delta Tau Chi, she had achieved her status of the girl who will be vaguely remembered. \"Very nice! Come here, let's get you some more booze.\" Otter shouted, grabbing Alice's shoulders and ushering her upstairs to show everyone her trick. Alice and the boys had a roaring night. Otter and Boon were yelling and cracking witty one-liners to her and anyone else who listen, they both were huge flirts. Alice kept up with the best of them, slamming drinks and yelling the preppy kids who came for goofs or thought they could out party the Deltas. Dancing on tables, chucking off her heels, she was unstoppable. She and Bluto were inseparable. People came and went, Hoover would come around now and again to update Otter on Pinto's whereabouts. Larry, after losing Alice in the dance, found D-Day and got pissed enough to occasionally forget about the fact that he brought a date. Hoover would then give him another drink or distract him with new girls. Luckily, Hoover and Otter were the only one's in on this plan to steer Alice away from Larry. All this was lost on Bluto and Alice, however. It was if they had spent their whole lives together; the way they talked, the way they pushed each other around, the way they teamed up with each other. They were so cohesive that Alice didn't have time to analyze it, she didn't have time to think about the legitimacy of this new friendship. At one point, Alice started to ignored the party. All she could focus on was Bluto, the Delta clown with expressive face. He never left her side, they were partners in crime, until she noticed that her partner had left. She looked to Boon and Otter, but he wasn't with them. She stood up on a coffee table to get a better view, but she couldn't spot him. \"What's wrong, Al?\" Hoover called from below her. \"Uh, nothing. Did you see Bluto?\" She shouted to him as he lifted her down. He shook his head and she shook it off. \"Ah, he's probably taking a piss or something.\" Alice tried to stay with the guys, but felt uninspired. The party was waning on and she was getting a little tired. Bluto also hadn't returned back to her since she last saw him almost an hour ago. She went down to the basement again and tried to enter the bedrooms, one of which Hoover directed her not to go into. He claimed it occupied and she left it at that, not wanting to disturb the occupants. Also, who wants to see that shit? She tried staying by Otter and Boon, but something was missing. Bluto was missing . Where did that bastard go? She had completely forgot about Larry at this point and thought about leaving. Suddenly, the party was bland. Why would he leave? She decided before giving up completely on the party, she should go out the back door and take a deep breath. It might just be the smells of booze, body odor and banal carpentry. Alice exited the house, slamming the screen door behind her and leaning against the wall. Taking a deep sigh, she closed her dry eyes and tried to block out the loud music. She felt a little calmer and opened her eyes to see the fantastic night sky. Blue and black swirled underneath beautifully, bright stars, catching the glances of both Alice and the person beside her. \"Hey there,\" A familiar voice said beside her. She jumped, not realizing that anyone was there, and gave a tired smile to the friendly brown eyes that she grew so very fond of. \"Hey… Where did you go?\" Alice exasperatedly breathed out, Bluto warmly smiling to her and leaned against the wall. Bluto stayed silent, he couldn't tell her why he left. He couldn't tell her that he'd wish he had been her date instead of Pinto. He couldn't tell he just wanted to dance with her the way they did downstairs again. He couldn't tell her that he was suffocating in there because he couldn't stop thinking about her. He couldn't tell her that he couldn't take his eyes off her and wanted to be by her side always. He definitely couldn't tell her that he thought that he was falling in love with her. Alice tried to read his face, but she was then surprised when Bluto took a step towards her. Bluto took his hand out to her chin again, moving his finger along her jawline, and then closing the space between them with a passionate kiss. Once Alice comprehended what was happening, she then proceeded to reciprocate Bluto's actions. She placed her hands on his chest while he rested his hands on the back of her head, entangling his fingers in her jet-black hair. His other hand rested on the back of her waist and pulled her closer to intensify the kiss. Alice melted in his arms, tipping her head back slightly as Bluto overpowered her. She moved her arms around his neck as the kiss tapered off. They locked lips only for a second before pulling away in ecstasy. Both of their mouths tasted like each other's beer and both her so exasperated that they leaned their foreheads together. \"Sounds like a fun place,\" Alice quipped before they both blacked out. Hoover was the first of Delta Tau Chi to wake up that morning. He usually was the one who did most of the cleaning the next morning after a big party, and today was no different. He took a garbage bag from the cupboard underneath the sink and started to clear off empty and half full cans and bottles from tables. He made his way around the whole fraternity and tied up the bag to leave it outside next to the back door. When he opened the door, however, he saw something that made him smile. He carefully placed the bag next to the door before quietly going back into the house, so it wouldn't disturb the sight. Bluto and Alice were lying in a hammock in-between two trees, enfolded in each others arms and sleeping, most likely until noon that day. ","Summary":" \"You still haven't lost it, have you?\" Otter slung his arm over Larry's shoulder as Larry shrunk "},{"Movie":"Dear John","Title":"Laborious Effort","Author":"No Fate 1990","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10623887","Passage":"[Chapter 1] John's p.o.v B ack to bleeding nonstop R ealm of pessimism E ternal false hope A dying pulse T edious senseless cause H ope's heartbeat E choes of what could've should've would've been R edundant wishful thinking E vanescent dream A broken union L imbo I nfinite laborious effort M y unlimited support B lack and white reality O ne long overdue goodbye M y quiet departure B ittersweet joy R epetitive history O ur reconciliation W orthless wasteful vanity N ew unknown surroundings E volutionary metamorphosis R osy bright future A different state of mind S elf liberation E xit strategies R emovable obstacles E arly minor bumps in the road N eedless compromises A halfhearted devotion M omentary pleasure E verpresent merciful graceful patience S acrificial love S tationary motion, my tiresome fray, feeling misused and rejected E ven though I have been good to you, you are still distant N ow and then I am hesitant to reconnect with you C an't move on from you, its never over between us E ndless harmony, bittersweet irony, our symphony[Chapter 2] Savannah's p.o.v Tiresome fray I am tangled up in you Release me please Even if you claim to be my friend, your actions say something different Sailing away, you leave me hanging One day you will learn from your mistakes or maybe not My heart bleeds in your absence Even if I bring my share to the table, you are missing in action Many days and nights, I wait for you to come around Over the moon, patience resides Restored, grace meets us at the crossroads You and I have so much history that is impossible to just end everything[Chapter 3] John's p.o.v Broken, here we go again. We have reached the end of the road. Distance opens up an old wound for you and me. Suffocating in silence, we are slowly losing common ground. I don't know how long I can stay around you. Time loosens the reins and the rains of this life follow us everywhere. True blue, Liberty is something worth chasing after every hour. Merciful, I help you rebuild our city of brotherly love. The space between us increases with every step you take closer to the edge[Chapter 4] Savannah's p.o.v Gone too soon just like the sunset, your life here on earth is cut short. Caught up in the hands of fate, its too late for second chances and to recapture lost moments. You were so healthy and strong, how could you die so young? It wasn't fake or make believe, you really did slipped away. The day you died, the world cried all day long. A part of me died when you were laid to rest underneath the stars and stripes.[Chapter 5] Song: \"All I want\" by Kodaline All I want is nothing more to hear you knocking at my door cause if I could see your face once more I could die a happy man, I'm sure when you said your last goodbye I died a little bit inside, I lay in tears all night alone without you by my side Savannah: Halfway gone, uncertainty. Season of change and goodbye, hollow delicate bittersweet solemn Autumn. Unavoidable impending birth, genesis. Obvious broken state of the union, one phone call too late, one less open door of communication. Dying slowly, today becomes a passing memory. Back at square one, whatever will history say about us? You bid farewell, but I promise we shall see each other again. Even if fate intervenes, I will always remember you. But if you loved me, why'd you leave me, take my body, take my body, all I want is and all I need is to find somebody, I'll find somebody like you oh John: Complete surrender, a time to be tender and yet firm. Sacrificial love offering, hope of a new beginning. One temporary first last breath of life, point of no return. Rapid transition, inevitable collision, silence in the absence of noise. Momentary glee, eternal internal contentment. Liberation, learning to let you go and moving forward. See you brought out the best of me, apart of me I've never seen, you took my soul and wiped it clean, our love was made for movie screens Savannah: Delirium, enigma, living in a fantasy. I cherish what used to be and what is yet to come. Visualize the future, but stay in this present moment with me. Enchanted muse, rusty dying sunset. The bride of Christ, intangible mesmerizing beauty. Glowing emerald city, off you go to elsewhere. Slipping away, who knew you would be gone for good today. Please wake me up inside because I am blind to reality. Earthquake, lingering heartache, excruciating unexplainable circumstance. Vertex of no return, eternal passion, necessary one small sacrifice. Dreamy dovelike brown eyes, you are the dawn in this world of darkness. But if you loved me, why'd you leave me, take my body, take my body, all I want is and all I need is to find somebody, I'll find somebody whoa John: Magical enchantment, a real life fairytale story. Gift of pure happiness, immortal strength. Candle of burning desire, an internal bonfire. Love does exist. Open up your eyes and your heart. Victorious, peace overcomes violence. Even if you lack common sense, please handle me with gentleness. if you loved me, why'd you leave me, take my body, take my body, all I want is and all I need is to find somebody, I'll find somebody like you Savannah: Sacred devotion, an unearthly passion. Companionship, raging fire, endless desire. Deep secret restless obsession, a star-crossed romance. Winter's solace, newborn hope.[Chapter 6] Song: \"Send me an Angel\" by Alicia Keys Sometimes I feel like I don't belong anywhere its gonna take so long for me to get somewhere Savannah: Here today but gone tomorrow, uncertainty and vulnerability. Guard my heart until the end of time, a reason to stay withdrawn. Reckless abandonment, destiny's twist of fate. Indescribable pain, secret sorrow. An endless season of regret, several disastrous short-lived friendships. The perfect time to surrender is right now. Echoes of what could've should've would've been haunt me tonight. Reopen my eyes, hope and serenity. Sometimes I feel so heavyhearted but I can't explain cause I'm so guarded but that's a lonely road to travel and a heavy load to bear John: Temporary worry, I am not good or smart enough. Made of stone, every tear yet to be cried. My swansong, beginning of a new era. Expected breakthroughs, relentless determination. And its a long long way to heaven but I gotta get there, can you send an angel? Can you send an angel? Savannah: Birth, resurrection of mirth. Echoes of heavenly bliss, a passionate kiss. Tender mercies, helpless fragile vulnerability. Edge of no return, ascension, solemn bittersweet celebration. Temporary affliction, extinction. Realm of Jubilee, a nine month miracle in the making. Cause I don't wanna feel like a dove with no wings and I don't wanna know what a heart of stone sings John: Lingering ashes, an afterglow. Surrender of freewill, unforgettable sacrifice. Resilience, redemption. Essence of being forgiven, newfound faith and freedom. Death in the aftermath of birth, everlasting atonement. Retrospection, one last chance for personal growth. Season of retribution, easy going contentment. But that's a lonely road to travel and a heavy load to bear and its a long way to heaven but I gotta get there Savannah: Curious wanderings, unspoken thoughts. Random poetic words, incomplete wholeness. Open arms of love, undeniable emotions. Secret hidden journal entries, earth origins. Reconsider everything, genesis, sacrifice in surrender. Illimitable freewill, one still silent invincible fragile being. Undefined meaning of existence, sacred holy ground. Can you send an angel? Can you send me an angel? Please send me an angel, Can you send me an angel to guide me home? John: A countdown to the end, beautiful burning desire. Silent underground heavenly bliss, one last goodbye kiss. Red bloody afterbirth, breath of heaven. Lingering ashes, unborn dreams. Extremely loud screams, neverending gunshots. Destiny's twist of fate, easily delicate hope. A loophole, rocky bumpy road to nowhere, yesterday's unanswered prayers. Savannah: Completely blown away, obstacles and bad news rock my world. Melancholy describes the mood in the atmosphere. Passing through, you are a ghost. Life is death is an impending rebirth in heaven. Even if you disappear, you will then be truly free. Time reveals how strong you really were in your faith. Everyone including me misses you. Remember where you come from always. Never again will you grace us with your presence. A sweet angel of mine, that's what you continue to be. Love is a heartbeat, your silent drumbeat, my mission.[Chapter 7] John's p.o.v Jump for joy, young expectant mother ON top of the world You are pregnant with God's child Only heaven knows how this fairytale will end nine months from now Ultimate greatest sacrifice of all time is your love for your baby Natural childbirth challenges your faith and yet brings you mirth I admire you for your strength and courage Queen of hearts United we stand Everpresent hand of time slow down for a moment[Chapter 8] Savannah's p.o.v Scarlet love Complicated existence Aurora Borealis Red bloody birth process Lingering afterglow Endless low tide These crimson tears are light years away Over the rainbow U should know better Christmas baby, please come back home Here to stay, today won't leave us again[Chapter 9] Savannah's p.o.v My labor and birthing experience were both difficult. The ordeal almost took my life. Thankfully, my family and friends never once left my side. They have been my support system through everything. I thought the pain would never end until I held my son named Miracle in my arms for the first time. Miracle greatly looks like John in which made the loss even more unbearable. Old wounds opened up and I couldn't stop crying. Its such a shame that John will never know his son. He died while I was pregnant with Miracle. He sacrificed his life to save a lot lives during war. John maybe dead, but he remains unforgotten. I feel his spirit everywhere including in the eyes of our son. Miracle is my Christmas angel, a much needed fresh breath of air. My hope and faith is now restored all thanks to him. ","Summary":" John's p.o.v B ack to bleeding nonstop R ealm of pessimism E ternal false hope A dying pulse T edio"},{"Movie":"Ladyhawke","Title":"The Lesson","Author":"Ham Atom","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10084926","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: If you're looking for something that is true-to-period, this is not for you. At all. I don't do nearly enough research to write well for something set in the time of Ladyhawke (medieval France). So...I guess this is me disclaiming... myself. Heh. But if you're looking for a story about family and friendship with these characters I have frankly come to adore , well...this is the best I got. : ) This story starts just a few weeks after the curse is lifted and the movie ends. Oh, hey, and I did do enough research to find out that Matthew Broderick was like twenty-three years old when he did this movie. Yeah. Mouse is definitely not twenty three here. He's probably fifteen or sixteen maybe. I can't be sorry about that. After all, Matthew Broderick did Ferris Bueller a year or two after this movie I think, and he was playing a seventeen or eighteen year old then. So. I feel pretty justified in my mistake, lol. \"Phillipe Gaston!\" The angry, scolding shout startled him thoroughly, nearly tipping the ladder he was on, and he watched in a helpless, fascinated sort of horror as the vase he'd been trying to reach around on the highest shelf plummeted to a sure and certain… Crash! Broken pieces of porcelain exploded outward, tinkering across the stone floor of the library in no doubt very expensive shards. Nothing else in the room moved for a moment. Then Phillipe Gaston, better known as The Mouse had to blink. \"I'm sorry! I'm so very sorry!\" And he was climbing down the ladder with frantic feet. \"Don't move!\" the man thundered. \"Don't you dare move! You stay right where you are!\" Etienne Navarre may have been the former captain of the royal guard, but he hadn't lost anything when it came to his commanding bellow. If Mouse hadn't known any better, he would've said the reverberating shout had rattled the whole room, but he couldn't be entirely convinced it wasn't just his knees shaking. He froze on the last rung of the ladder. \"I can clean it up,\" he babbled, blood pounding through his chest, through his head, making his vision pulse a bit. \"I can replace it. Just give me a few days. I know a man in-in DeuMont who owes me a favor. At least, I think I can convince him he does. …If he doesn't remember what happened in Chaperalle.\" He winced. \"Twice. But he didn't remember after the first time after all, and I can't imagine time has added anything to his faculties…\" \"Your feet , you fool,\" Navarre interrupted, still stern and angry, though he'd lowered his voice considerably. \"Do you want to end up slicing them to ribbons?\" Mouse stared uncomprehendingly. \"There's broken glassware all over the floor,\" the man pointed out with remarkable patience. The boy nodded fervently, and he was breathing hard, and he could feel the heat in his face. \"I'll fetch the broom…\" He went to step down. \"Stop!\" The sharp shout stopped him short. Navarre stood a few feet away, and the lines of anger morphed into something altogether different. \"You're not listening.\" He sighed. It was a tired, regretful sigh that made Mouse feel guilty inside. \"You,\" he pointed at him. \"Do not move.\" He waited until Mouse nodded quickly and spared him one last unreadable look before he stepped from the room, purpose in his strides. Mouse sat clumsily on the third step of the ladder, feeling the trembling of the ebbing shock and still-present fear in his limbs. \"Not good, not good,\" he said to himself. This was bad. Navarre took his things very seriously, and very likely that vase had been some sort of heirloom like the former captain's precious sword. When Navarre had thought Mouse lost that he'd shoved him and landed him in the snow, and Mouse had been sure the man was going to hit him. He swallowed. Already his body felt so heavy and achy, and this wouldn't be good, this wouldn't be good at all. Navarre appeared a moment later with a heavy broom in his hand. Mouse stared at it. The blood drained from his face. Well, this is it, Lord , he thought dizzily. I'll see you soon. Of all the ways. Secretly he thought the vase was an ugly thing to begin with. The man approached, and Mouse's hands tightened around the rickety frame of the ladder he was seated on, his shoulders hunching a bit in involuntary anticipation. But Navarre stopped a little ways from him, and without hardly sparing him a glance, began sweeping up the broken pieces. Quick, no-nonsense strokes of the broom in steady, strong hands. Mouse watched, mesmerized. There was a roiling in his stomach, but he felt oddly detached from it. Any moment, those quick, strong strokes would turn to quick, strong swings. Any moment. He wondered if he should be allowed to stay after he was left bruised and bloody. Surely he shouldn't want to. He wasn't pathetic after all. He had…standards. But what was one beating in the grand scheme? He deserved it after all. Navarre and Isabeau both were absurdly, embarrassingly kind to him most of the time. Unless this was the last straw and Navarre had simply had enough of him. Everyone had limits. There ought to be more shouting, oughtn't there? He'd have thought… A rough, calloused hand caught him gently by the chin, and his face was turned toward blue eyes. \"Did you hear me?\" There was concern in the voice, and Mouse didn't understand. Come to think of it, there was that rather loud rushing sound in his ears. \"I asked, 'Are you hurt anywhere?'\" Hurt? Of course he wasn't hurt yet. Had he been hit already? He hadn't felt it. Actually he felt a bit numb. He couldn't turn his face what with the large man's grip on his chin, but he turned his eyes to the heavy broom handle. It was good he felt numb, he thought. \"Mouse?\" He flinched at the name. And suddenly there was real shame and guilt all welling up, and it was just an accident, and he was sorry, and it was getting harder to remember what he'd done wrong, but he thought there was disappointment in the blue eyes, and that was worse, that was worse even than the broom handle. \"What's wrong?\" Navarre was looking at Mouse so intently, and then his gaze was also on the broom, and he looked positively ill, and Mouse cringed. He'd done it now. He'd finally done it, and likely it had been coming for days. He waited for the grip to become crushing, for the voice to turn to steel. \"Well now,\" the man said softly, slowly, as though he were a frightened animal. \"Let's put this away, shall we?\" And he let go of Mouse's face to turn away and place the broom out of reach, out of sight, in the corner between the wall and a case that held his armor. Mouse stared at it, and then there were blue eyes in his line of sight again. They looked tired and wounded. Had Mouse done that? He swallowed. \"I'm sorry.\" And he just couldn't understand. He thought he was usually better at understanding than this. The man regarded him for a moment. \"How about we get you back to bed, little Mouse.\" There was too much softness and gentleness and sympathy, and none of that was right, and none of it made sense. \"Don't call me that,\" he begged and was surprised to hear his voice break a little. \"What's that?\" the man asked, confused. \"You call me that when you like me,\" he said, and even though his head was muddled and throbbing a bit, he was positive about that. \"Phillipe\" was for when he was being annoying, \"Phillipe Gaston\" when he was in trouble. \"Mouse\" was for when things were happy and playful and for all-around, everyday use. And \"Little Mouse\" for those fond, quiet, affectionate moments when he felt safe and cared for and left to wonder very, very internally if this was perhaps what it was like to have a family. \"I like you now,\" the man said simply, and his hand went to Mouse's forehead, and Mouse waited. For hurt or curses or belittling or something . \"Your fever's up again,\" Navarre said, dismayed. \"I'm sorry.\" And Mouse felt the stinging heat in his eyes, and he was sorry. He was very sorry. A cool hand gripped the back of his neck. \"For what?\" \"The…the…the…\" What was it? \"The vase,\" he blurted. \"And making you upset and sad. I can do better.\" He'd never done better, and why would these people ever want him in their home leeching their happiness? \"I could…I could…\" Why couldn't he think of anything? Like his thoughts were treading through mud. \"I'll prove it. I promise. I'll think of something. Later. I just need…some days…\" He suddenly found himself pulled against a broad chest, and instead of blows raining down, there was a hand kneading soothingly across his heavy, aching head. That didn't make any sense, but it was better. And he just felt very upset, and it was confusing, and he didn't think it was usually this hard to not fall apart. The arm around his back squeezed him a bit. \"You are a sick little Mouse, aren't you?\" Mouse nodded quietly his remorse. There was a sigh that was a bit like quiet laughter, but somehow it sounded sad. \"Come on,\" he said gently. \"Let's get you sorted. You shouldn't even be out of bed.\" A bit of adjusting, and he was pulled off the ladder, bare feet dangling above the floor, head resting securely against a steady shoulder. He felt very small and weak, and the heat in his eyes was unbearable. The world swayed a bit, and his stinging eyes closed. Next thing he knew, he was being settled under blankets, and there was a cool hand on his forehead, brushing his hair back. He opened his eyes to a stone-faced former captain fussing with his pillows. \"I'll fix it,\" Mouse promised in a whisper. \"You've fixed quite enough, my friend,\" Navarre said in a rare, soft tone, brusquely thumbing away tears Mouse hadn't realized he'd cried. He thought he should be embarrassed, but he was just too tired. \"And if I thought for a moment you'd remember any of this later, I'd tell you what a foolish thing you are for thinking there is a heart that beats within this household that could ever allow , let alone wish , even the slightest harm to befall the one who played such a part in restoring what we'd thought lost forever. You are infinitely more important than any vase or trinket, and I would tear down this entire fortress brick by brick if it could aid in restoring your health.\" He sighed and sat back in the chair by the bed, letting one hand rest lightly on Mouse's arm. \"You rest now. I'll keep watch. And if you've a mind to get out of bed again to climb any more ladders, I'll break your knees.\" Mouse had a difficult time sorting out all the words, but the gentle tone was soothing and sounded safe and reassuring. He thought he remembered being frightened, but he couldn't remember now what for, and whatever it was seemed silly now. He thought perhaps it was possible that Navarre wouldn't let anything hurt him. He'd never thought that way before, but the man sounded very sure, so he nodded his thick head agreeably and pulled his mouth into a smile. \"It was ugly anyway,\" he confided loftily. He remembered thinking something was ugly. There was a low chuckle. \"Go to sleep, little Mouse.\" Mouse didn't usually like to comply so easily. It wasn't good to have people getting used to that sort of thing. But there was a hand stroking his hair in a soothing, repetitive motion, and there didn't seem after that to be much use fighting the sleep that so immediately called after him.[Chapter 2] Navarre was dozing lightly in the uncomfortable wooden chair when gentle arms wrapped around his chest. Had it been any other person, he would have reacted quite violently. But he knew these arms. He looked up into the beautiful face of his wife. \"Isabeau,\" he whispered, and there was the smile that always rose unbidden to his lips just to say her name. During the agonizing months and years that they were separated by the Bishop's curse, he'd rarely said it. He'd lived every one of those days with a knife in his heart, and to say the name of his beloved, even to whisper it, served to twist that knife deeper. But that was before. Before miracles and new beginnings and together and bliss. Before he awoke from his hellish nightmare and found himself living the closest a man can get to heaven this side of eternity. His wife kissed him softly, her lips sweeter than any nectar, her smile a more enchanting sight than any he'd ever known. She came around and sat on his lap. \"I missed you, my love,\" she said with honest cheer, and it seemed a simple thing. She had been gone for the greater part of two days, and she'd missed him. Still, he was absurdly touched. She'd gone the greater part of two years without him before. But still, time apart, even a comparatively short time was something to be endured . She had missed him. As he had missed her. \"Oh, I missed you, Isabeau.\" And still, to look at her sometimes was to be entirely happy . \"Imperius is on his way up. He'll need to settle some things in his room, and then he'll be in.\" She looked down at the still figure on the bed. \"How is our Mouse?\" She'd been loath to leave. But there were times when, in the grips of fever-dreams, Mouse's thrashing became too much for her, and Navarre couldn't stand the thought she might be accidentally injured. Not to mention, Mouse himself would be positively mortified. So she'd gone the day's ride to fetch Imperius, and Navarre had reluctantly stayed behind. \"His fever seems to have broken an hour or so ago. His color looks much better.\" And the wounds on his chest were at last looking better. Navarre remembered well the shock of coming upon the boy having collapsed on the floor at the foot of the stairwell. Eight days ago now. They'd only been at Navarre's old home a few days when he'd noticed Mouse's flagging health and called him out on it. The boy had been insistent that he was fine. That it was nothing. He'd been adamant and persuasive and had deflected with quips and nonsense. So Navarre had been forced to watch from a distance, noting the increasingly pale features and the lag in that formerly irrepressible energy and the loss of weight the boy could ill afford to lose. Until Navarre had found him there, the fever raging within him turning his skin to embers, and the horror of those wounds on his chest. Wounds inflicted by the wolf. Navarre still shuddered to think of it. The flesh around the deep scratches and teeth marks had been red and inflamed and oozing, hot to the touch. Navarre had been panic-stricken. He and Isabeau both had. It had taken all his knowledge to treat the wounds, and he'd still worried it may not be enough. He'd seen too many men, men larger and stronger than Mouse, wither and die from such sickness. There had been the few, brief, good times when Mouse could open his eyes and talk and take advantage of their fussing and protest with weak, young arrogance that it was all an overreaction. And also there had been the bad times. They could have lost him. Frightfully easily. The fear had been so deep as to awaken old nightmares, reopen old wounds. \"It wasn't you,\" she said softly, reading his thoughts as was her way. He wasn't sure he could fully agree. She pressed her point further, \"He'd never have been in so much danger if only he'd told us sooner.\" Navarre thought about that. He thought with weighty guilt of all the times his words had been harsh since they'd fled to his boyhood home. Even the journey to the familiar ancient stone structure had awakened old memories, resurrected old ghosts. And even with all the promise of a new life, the haunting memories of a past that tried so very hard to press in on his chest and shake his soul wore his nerves frail and sharpened his tongue. Isabeau of course could never be an acceptable vessel to hold his wrath. But how convenient a target was Mouse. He thought of how many times he'd snapped at Mouse, sighed impatience at him, ignored him. He thought of how unkind he'd been, even in his concern for the boy's health. Mostly he thought of the round, fever-glassed eyes that looked at him in such fear so many hours earlier. Wide brown eyes and shaking hands and tightly-wound shoulders and a hundred other signs, small and large, that shouted of abuse and an accustomedness to it. The broomstick. He'd never forget the frightened, expectant gaze as the same boy who'd brazenly returned to Aquila to face his gravest fear—and only to ensure the happiness of two others—looked at that broom like he'd known exactly what it was for. Not to clean up a mess. But to make one. It had taken more self control than Navarre had known he possessed to keep from grabbing the boy, shaking him, demanding who? Who had taught him that lesson? Who had instilled that terrible knowledge ? Navarre's sword hand still itched to impart to the faceless monster a lesson of his own. But in the end, the shame and guilt lay like a millstone around his own neck. He'd never have been in so much danger if only he'd told us sooner. He didn't doubt the truth of those words at all. How could he have told me? I was too busy being a blind fool. One didn't necessarily need the claws and teeth of a wolf to be a monster. Fortunately Isabeau didn't see such thoughts. Her eyes were on Mouse. He looked entirely young, lying so small and still on the bed. He was young. Little more than a child. Navarre knew of the scars on that small back. He'd seen them soon after all this began when he'd had to put the sick lad to bed. He hadn't told Isabeau about them. But he thought of them and could in no way fault the boy for being leery of showing any weakness. He could certainly, however, hate the circumstances. \"Trust is a thing that is built over time,\" he said mildly. \"He didn't owe it to us.\" She stroked the boy's sweaty brow. \"His stubbornness may yet be the death of him,\" she said softly, equal parts fear and fondness. She looked at Navarre, and he could imagine how weary he looked. She looked weary herself. \"Or the death of us. Whichever may come first.\" She smiled a bit, spirited by the lack of heat emanating from their young friend's body. Navarre smiled back at her. It seemed no matter what battlefield had lured his thoughts, a smile from her in just that way could bring him back. He looked at her with a measuring gaze. \"Do you know what feature you possess that is the most beautiful?\" he asked. Isabeau blushed slightly, and her eyes rolled a bit. \"I know what you will say ,\" she answered. He tilted his head. \"Do you?\" \"You've said it before,\" she pointed out. \"Have I?\" It was more of a game than a question. \" Yes .\" \"Ah,\" he nodded thoughtfully. \"Hm. I don't want to bore you. Shall I say it anyway?\" \"If you must,\" and her smile was wide and teasing. He looked at her. The face that drove mad a Bishop with its beauty. The flawless features that froze men in their tracks, still did so to him on occasion. And he told her simply, \"Your heart.\" And even if the rest of it was playful, that part was raw and honest and the truest thing he knew how to say to her. She had heard it before. And as it had been the first time, her tired eyes were warm and grateful and looked at him with such love as could not be faked, as could not be understood even, by anyone who had not felt such love before. Indeed he could not have understood it if not for the fierce, unrelenting, awesome nature of the love he had for her. \"I love you,\" she said. \"I love you,\" he answered. \"Isabeau.\" \"I'd really love a nice bowl of stew. Venison if you got it.\" The slow, slightly slurred words brought both their attention back to the bed. \"Maybe a cheese pastry. Fresh bread,\" he waved his fingers hazily and smacked dry lips. \"Maple pie. Mm. Nothing fancy.\" Brown eyes blinked heavily at them. \"My little Mouse,\" Isabeau quietly exclaimed, rising from Navarre's lap, pushing the boy's hair back from his forehead. \"How do you feel, dear heart?\" she worried. \"Hello, Milady,\" he said slowly and smiled a tired version of the wide, all-teeth smile he usually only used when he wanted something. That sneakily-charming smile did more to ease the lingering worry from her eyes than Navarre suspected anything else could. And perhaps, he mused with a hint of pride, that is what he wanted. \"Oh,\" she laughed. \"I think for you I can see what I can scare up by way of food. Without your limitless stomach around here, we've amassed quite a surplus I think.\" Another voice rumbled from the doorway. \"What's all this then?\" Imperius asked. The old priest stepped into the room to look at the boy. Mouse looked up at him and smiled through some confusion. He looked pale and spent, as though he'd just run a very great distance—perhaps while being chased by someone calling for his head. Navarre reevaluated that thought. He'd seen Mouse after having run a great distance while being chased by someone calling for his head. The boy had had a bit more life to him then. But the brown eyes he saw now were sparkling, even if it seemed to take a great effort to turn his head to look back and forth among the three of them. \"I was told I was needed to aid a stricken lad. This one you've got here seems to be pretty well in order.\" Imperius's tone was gruff as ever, and his face was filled with relief. \"Doesn't he look strong enough to wrestle mountain lions?\" Navarre teased. \"Oh, aye. With one hand bound.\" For his part, Mouse didn't seem to entirely follow the conversation. He shook his head. \"What are you doing here, Father?\" Navarre hoped the old man wouldn't mock the boy. He didn't think Mouse was in any state to understand the gruff manner of the priest as the affection it was. He needn't have worried. \"I came to look after you, my boy. You gave us all a good scare. I'd thank you kindly to refrain from any further illnesses or injuries. I, for one, am too old for the strain. My dear lady has been worried fit to faint. And this one,\" he clapped a large hand onto Navarre's shoulder. \"I hear from a rather reliable source that he's hardly slept since any of this began.\" Mouse blinked at them. \"Why not?\" \"Why not?\" Bless that priest. \"Are you daft, lad?\" Imperius shook his head in exasperation as Mouse seemed to seriously consider the question. \"Because he loves you, you insufferable imp,\" he said as though it were patently obvious. The directness even surprised Navarre. \"The lot of us do.\" Navarre watched Mouse's reaction to the words and may have held his breath some, and he couldn't explain the bit of uneasiness he felt. The poor boy's emotional state of late had been like a cloud on a windy day, blown to and fro by the sickness that had raged within him, leaving him exhausted and perplexed more often than not. At Imperius's words, the brow furrowed the way Navarre had oft seen it do before Mouse had something to say to contradict whatever had just been said. Lips were pressed into a thin line. And heaven help the boy, he clearly hadn't a clue how to sort out what he'd just heard from the old priest's mouth. Isabeau rubbed his arm soothingly. \"Of course we do. You are by all counts the younger brother I never had.\" She shook her head with teasing irony. \"You poor creature.\" Navarre had to smirk at that. Truer words had never been spoken. The way Isabeau loved to nag and mother and tease and fuss at their little thief left no doubt she would have been a perfectly awful older sister. But Mouse took it well and appeared to love the attention himself. And for his part, he seemed to slip into the irritating younger brother role she'd created seamlessly and without even appearing to notice. \"What on earth would I do without you, you silly pickpocket?\" Mouse floundered there, mouth opening and closing, and he seemed rather at a loss. A shine pooled in his eyes that was not fever. It likely wasn't fair to have such a talk here, in front of all of them, when his defenses were so low and his emotions already so near the surface. But then Isabeau and Imperius couldn't know that. Navarre stood awkwardly. \"Why don't we see about getting this young man some supper? Look at him. He's wasting away.\" He subtly guided Isabeau away from the bed, positioning her between Imperius and the boy faltering on the bed. He directed them both to the door. \"I assume you brought those herbs you hinted at,\" he said to Imperius. \"Yes. And soon he will have a cup of warm, pungent, and positively ghastly tea. The best. He'll be running about, back to his usual mischief in no time,\" the priest declared. \"I'm sure he can't wait,\" Navarre said as he ushered them out. It was clear Mouse hadn't heard. Navarre turned back. For some reason, he turned back. Mouse stared at him for that moment, helpless. Navarre had found he was rather defenseless against that look. It wasn't unlike the face he'd first met. Mouse had had a sword on an arc toward his throat then, and he'd known he was about to die. How that seemed a lifetime ago. The face that had looked at him then without comprehension—eyes wide and dull and almost unseeing in the shock that he still had his head—it was eerily similar to the one that looked at him now. It was much easier to block him out when he was grinning mischief and babbling nonsense and looking for all the world like a spirited youth who knew precisely what he was doing. But the look of a helpless boy, confused and lost and out of his depths…it sparked old, protective instincts Navarre had thought long forgotten. You don't understand do you, little Mouse? he thought. You haven't the first idea what it is to be loved. Sometimes there was nothing about the world that was fair. He smiled reassuringly, and it was a smile that took a moment to put together. \"We'll be right back,\" he promised. \"You rest and don't worry.\" He suddenly felt very, very tired. He closed the door with that smile fixed in place and turned. Isabeau and Imperius were looking at him with twin expressions of empathy that brought a flood of unexpected emotion. Somehow every minute of worry and uncertainty, thinking that very likely his young friend—the one to whom he owed everything, the one who'd continued to effortlessly, accidentally wriggle under Navarre's defenses, the one he would've fallen on his sword for—would die and it would be from wounds Navarre had unknowingly inflicted in his cursed beast form. That he would die and Navarre would be left to bury him. That he would die believing he wasn't anything to anyone, and that would be all Navarre's doing, too. All of it rushed from those gazes all at once. He's fine. He'll be fine. He blinked rapidly and looked away down the corridor. \"What?\" he asked gruffly. He turned away and pinched the bridge of his nose, walking blindly in the direction of the kitchen. Her hands caught his arm and turned him, and she was there, in his arms, hers wrapped tight around him. \"He'll be all right, Navarre,\" she whispered comfortingly. \"It's all right.\" He closed his eyes against the tears that threatened to fall, and what in his life had brought him to this? Dissolving into a fit of tears like a maiden over the fear of losing one petty thief? For heaven's sake, he'd seen battles and death and blood and heartache, more than most men would ever know. He held onto Isabeau tightly, as tightly as he hung onto the moisture in his eyes. \"I know.\" He did. It was silly to react this way. Especially now that Mouse seemed to be on the mend. \"I know, darling.\" Because he loves you, you insufferable imp. Did he? He didn't think he could. And certainly Mouse didn't think so. Isabeau pulled back enough to lay her hand on the side of his face. He placed his over hers. \"He is your brother, isn't he?\" she asked, and it was hardly a question. What had she seen in his eyes? \"More so than he's mine. More so than he belongs to either of us,\" she indicated Imperius who stood stoically back, \"he is yours. The Lord brought him here for you .\" She must have had some power. Some ability to read his mind that extended to no one else. She'd already known of Élie. Navarre had told her when he knew he loved her. He'd told her so she would know she shouldn't love him back. Élie. The blond-headed boy so full of exuberant, impetuous life . Until Navarre. Until a foolish dare. Until the final boyish, carefree smile. Until the nightmarish sound of ice cracking. Until a look of horror and fear and pleading. Until Navarre watched in frantic, breathless terror as his little brother disappeared. Élie had only been a bit younger than Mouse when Navarre had pulled him out of the water. Ice in his hair and clothes. Pale and blue and still. Ever still. And how hot Navarre's tears had been and were even now on the occasions he could see it, feel it in his nightmares as intensely as it was then. There were things that could not be restored. Things that could not be undone. There were things from which Navarre could never deserve redemption. \"Phillipe reminds you of him, doesn't he?\" she asked fearlessly. They looked hardly alike. Élie's blue eyes and blonde hair against Mouse's brown. Élie had been well-fed and sturdily built compared to Mouse's half-starved, skinny frame. But there was something. And perhaps he saw things that were not there. Things like dimples when he smiled wide. Things like nervous chatter and unimpedeable humor and quiet, unexpected bravery and determination, and the wide-eyed way Navarre sometimes caught him looking at him. As though he expected something of Navarre. As though Navarre were a good man. Would do the right thing. Like some sort of hero. Like someone deserving to be looked upon as such. Someone to be followed. Someone to be trusted. All those sorts of thoughts that were woefully mistaken, that he'd proven untrue again and again and again. \"That is an unfair thing to say,\" he whispered to her around a tight throat. Mouse was not Élie. Doing right by Mouse would not undo what had happened to Élie. And if Navarre needed any more proof how unfair it was to compare the two, there was what had happened earlier this same day with the vase and the broom. Mouse had his own tragedies, his own baggage to carry. He could ill afford to take on Navarre's as well. \"Unfair to whom?\" Isabeau asked. \"To you or to Mouse?\" She paused. \"Or do you mean it is unfair to Élie?\" \"Mouse is…Phillipe is not my brother.\" For heaven's sake, the boy was young enough to be his son. He was nearly young enough to be Élie's son now if... A stabbing pain shot through his heart at the unexpected thought. Because Élie would never have a son. Because Élie had been robbed of his chance to ever grow up. \"No,\" she said, but it didn't sound like she agreed. Her eyes were still relentlessly searching. \"Do you think it is a betrayal to Élie's memory that you let in someone else? That you care for another in the same fashion that you cared for him?\" Yes. No, of course not; that was absurd. But yes. \"Would it have been a betrayal if your mother had had another son after him? Would loving that boy be more acceptable than loving Phillipe?\" He could say nothing. \"When we brought him here it was not as a friend, and certainly not as an employee. It was as a family. As our family. You are good with him, Navarre, better I think than any of us realize. But he's going to be very confused if you don't determine now what status he holds in your life. You can't raise and lower the walls of your heart on a whim. You can't let him in only to push him away later. That would not be for his good. Nor for yours.\" Her words were cautioning, never condemning, but still it raised some ire within him. \"I'd no more hurt that boy than I would my own flesh,\" he hissed, keeping his voice carefully quiet. \"You know that.\" \"I know you would protect his life. There was never any doubt of that. I'm talking about the rest of him. His spirit. His soul.\" Her hands moved from his face to his shoulders. \"He doesn't talk to me about his past. But I know a wounded creature when I see one.\" His face must have given something away. \"He is a good pretender,\" she allowed. \"But I've gained a certain accustomedness to dealing with someone with deep scars.\" She looked at him meaningfully. \"At least enough to recognize it when I see it.\" Navarre wouldn't have guessed he and Mouse would ever have been called similar. He felt guilty. And transparent. And suddenly very incapable. Certainly unworthy. \"Would it be better for him…\" he asked slowly. \"Would it be better if I sent him away? With Imperius perhaps.\" Away. Where Navarre couldn't hurt him. Imperius stepped up then. \"Could you bear it?\" he said softly in his low, gravelly voice. His gaze was unremitting as ever. He thought of it. For one second. His answer was reflexive. Like one who pulled back his finger after foolishly sticking it on a thorn. \"No.\" \"Then there is your answer,\" the old man said in an obvious tone as though he were speaking to Mouse. Isabeau stepped to the side to allow him room to clap a hand on Navarre's shoulder and grip it firmly. \"The Lord knows, you've been through more heartache in your life than any man I know could have survived. Like Job of the Scriptures, everything was stripped from you. When God restored that man, He did not resurrect the children he'd lost. Job would meet them again in death, and there would be an eternity to share. But He did give Job the blessing of more children, of building a new family.\" Imperius looked him dead in the eye. \"Sometimes restoration does not come in the form of regaining what you've lost. Sometimes it comes in being given the chance to build something new .\" He squeezed Navarre's shoulder. \"But of course,\" he shrugged, \"it is yours to do with what you will.\" With a pat to the shoulder, the old man sidled by, heading to the kitchen to prepare the medicinal tea he'd promised. Isabeau looked at him, waiting. Navarre sighed. \"Do you remember when we could dismiss him as a bungling drunkard?\" She smiled and kissed him soundly on the lips. \"Vaguely.\" She stayed on the tips of her toes, her face inches from his own. \"Are you all right, Navarre?\" she questioned. And she always called him Navarre. Never Etienne. \"I am,\" he said with confidence. It took him moments more to evaluate and tentatively find that he might be right. Or nearly so. He looked back down the hallway to a closed doorway behind which lay a rather the worse for wear (former) thief. \"I've been rather mercurial in my care of him, haven't I?\" To put it pitifully, almost comically, mildly. \"You've had days,\" she told him, ever honest. \"But I think he's much more confused by open affection than by a short tone or dismissal.\" It could hardly have been truer. He'd seen the boy smile unflinchingly in the face of insult or even threat while a kind word or friendly hand left him awkward and quiet and unsure. \"Will you tell me what you're thinking?\" He kissed her again. \"I've things to mend,\" he said. And it was as much as he could say. He knew what he needed to do. He feared to. But he knew. \"Trust is a thing built over time,\" she quoted his earlier words. \"And it seems as though God has granted you that.\" \"Indeed.\" And looking into her eyes, Navarre had more reason to be grateful than any man on the Earth. He stroked a finger down her cheek, and she was still a bit dusty from the road and ever as beautiful as always. \"You must be hungry from your journey. Let's pull supper together for you and our Mouse.\"[Chapter 3] A/N: There's not much Mouse in this chap, which was difficult for me. It's pretty well Navarre-focused with some important Navarre-type issues. But he'll be back. Oh, he will be back. The lady of the manor, such as she was, scrubbed the dishes after supper. They hadn't any servants; still they were in waiting to see if any trouble would be kicked up about the business of the dead Bishop. Such things always garnered consequences, and the reunited couple and their young thief were awaiting word from a few trusted compatriots of Navarre whether it was safe to return to Aquila. Isabeau didn't much care either way. She would have preferred to be free of the threat of danger, but she wasn't in any hurry to return to normal either. To go on, Navarre as a captain, she as his wife, as though nothing had happened seemed…false to her. She was enjoying the time in Navarre's old boyhood home nestled into the hills, old and quaint and still strong. Not unlike the old man sitting on the stool next to her drinking from a mug. \"I can still smell that tea,\" Imperius grumbled. \"What a wicked lot that was.\" She grinned and pulled another platter from the basin. \"You weren't even the one who had to drink it.\" It was sort of a cruel thing. They'd had to wake Mouse up to administer it. He'd called Imperius lots of half-awake, blustery, unkind things. \"I believe my favorite was 'You mutton-faced, wool-headed, goose-dragon's baby.'\" The priest chortled into his ale. \"He's got quite the refined tongue, hasn't he?\" \"Is a goose-dragon a real term for something?\" \"Not to the best of my knowledge. I believe it's safe to say that came from somewhere in the recesses of that fool head of his.\" \"He was not best pleased by the taste of your brew,\" she didn't bother to hide her smile. It was good to see that spirit in him. After the tea, Mouse had attacked his supper with gusto, rolling his eyes every time Isabeau reached over to bother his hair or tuck in a stray corner of blanket. His deep-set scowl at all things Imperius had been a delight, more so because for all the boy tried to be subtle about it, he was clearly delighted the old man had come just to see about his welfare. He'd eaten a mere third of his normal portion, but he hadn't gotten ill afterwards. He had promptly fallen asleep, however, against Imperius's shoulder. He hadn't asked where Navarre was. \"I warned him not to smell it first,\" Imperius defended. \"He's got to learn to listen sometime.\" There was a softness to his face, even in the waning light. He'd been exasperated and resigned when Mouse had fallen asleep on him. But for all his quiet-kept protests, he hadn't been in such a hurry to move the boy back down to the pillows. And even then, he'd been gentle and careful as if handling a fragile, holy relic. She watched him there in the kitchen for a bit. His relaxed posture. The tension she'd seen in him since she'd awakened with that arrow in her chest all but dissolved. \"You never belonged in that monastery,\" she said quietly. Imperius looked faintly startled by the abrupt change of subject. \"What's that, my dear?\" \"For the last two years,\" she knew, \"Navarre and I weren't the only ones living a wretched existence. You self-imposed a curse of your own, didn't you?\" \"Well then.\" He eyed her for a moment. \"No one's ever had to ask you to say what you mean, have they?\" \"Never,\" she couldn't deny it. He kept his face buried in his mug, and it was shame that pressed down on his shoulders. \"What good could I deserve after having inflicted such wretched horror on two innocents?\" \"You inflicted nothing. You were used. You made a mistake. If God has forgiven you, monk, how is it you have not forgiven yourself?\" \"Even after forgiveness, there are still consequences.\" \"You've done your penance. I think it's time you lift your sentence of exile. Unless you intend to die alone in that cold, craggy old abbey. And if that is the case, I'd like to know it straight away.\" Imperius glanced up at her. \"Why?\" \"So I can hit you over the head with something heavy and hope that some sense is knocked into your skull in the process.\" He laughed out loud in surprise. \"You know, I knew you before you loved Navarre. I don't remember you being quite so straight and fast with your wording.\" She shrugged her shoulders primly. \"Marriage suits me,\" she sniffed with a teasing, lofty grin. \"Aye,\" the priest said warmly and raised his mug. \"That it does, dear daughter. As it does your husband.\" \"He is quite a man,\" she said, and sometimes all it took really was to think of him, and her heart was so full she thought it would burst, and the only thing she could do was smile to herself. \"Where has he gone?\" She turned to face the old priest. \"It isn't obvious?\" His face said it was not. \"He went to lay his fears to rest.\" LADYHAWKELADYHAWKELADYHAWKELADYHAWKELADYHAWKELADYHAWKELADYHAWKE The sun set behind him as Navarre stood in front of the grave, one he had helped his father dig. Overgrown with grass, a crudely-formed, weather-beaten wooden cross as its marker. He wasn't sure entirely why he'd come. He didn't believe his brother was here. His brother was dead. In heaven doing whatever people did in heaven. If nothing else, he thought it an arrogant thing to think his brother's spirit had simply been waiting around should Navarre feel the urge to come by for a conversation. Even given the option, Élie had never been one to sit still for any length of time, and he somehow doubted that would have been tempered by death. The only ghosts he expected lived in his memories. It was quiet here. Only the wind through ice-frosted trees and brush and the occasional stomp or snort from Goliath, his black Friesian stallion who stood waiting in the snow several paces back. Even that all faded away as he looked at the small clearing that out of necessity had become a cemetery. He'd been to this place when he'd buried his mother next to her younger son. It was a year after they'd lost Élie. Navarre had never said so, but he'd always suspected she'd died of grief. Élie had been her joy, and as soon as his light was snuffed out, she'd faded like a trail of smoke. His father had become a mountain after that. An impenetrable keep built of layers of rock. He'd never looked at Navarre the same since the day he'd laid his brother's small body down amidst his mother's anguished wails of sorrow. Each had been a battle axe to his already-broken soul. The ground had been frozen. They'd dug a grave anyway. His mother cried. His father did nothing but dig. And Navarre could not bear the weight of how they looked at him after that. \"I should have protected you,\" he heard himself whisper. He did not believe his brother could hear him. But perhaps he needed to hear himself say the words. \"I never thought…you would take me so seriously. Had I known…Had I thought for a moment …\" His father hadn't helped him dig the grave for his mother. A year later, nearly to the day. The ground had been frozen then as well. It was twelve years after that that he heard by word of a messenger of his father's death. And he'd traveled through snow, across ice, back to the place he'd fled the moment he'd had opportunity. He'd received his sword and his inheritance. And through frozen ground he'd dug a grave for a mountain. Except when he'd looked upon the still face of his father, the man hardly looked like stone. He'd looked old. Weary. Weathered. Navarre had laid him to rest next to his wife and their child. He'd covered the place with ice and soil and stepped back to see the family he had destroyed in one moment of clumsy, childish thoughtlessness. Navarre knelt on one knee, covered his eyes with a gloved hand as the tears fell freely. \"I am not a good man,\" he wept quietly. Whatever he did, there would always be this place, and he had never seen a spring here. Only winter. How could a springtime ever touch this forsaken place? Always winter, always death. His sins buried in rocky, frostbitten ground. Burying his father, he'd thought, had turned him to stone as his father had been. He'd been wrong. He hadn't been stone. He'd been ice. Because then there was Isabeau. And she with all her warmth had been enough to enact a thaw in all those frozen places in his heart he was sure had ceased to function. And then he'd lost her, too. In the winter. Only that had been partway. There had been no body to bury. Only a constant, aching, soul-shriveling hope. In a way, he'd come to hate that hawk that traveled with him and stared at him with its sharp, beautiful, animal eyes. He'd come to hate it as much as he loved the woman trapped inside it. It was a cruel, unbearable thing, a macabre mockery to be relegated to caring for the well-being of a beast that served as a constant reminder of the one he longed to be with. He'd never thought he would survive that. And that would be his penance, the retribution he deserved for what he had done, and how much deeper the wound for that the woman he loved more than any other was made to suffer with him. But then he'd met a quick-tongued, unexpected, slippery little escape artist, and he'd told that boy that he was meant to be Navarre's guiding angel. The key to ending the terrible purgatory in which he and his love had been trapped. And he had refused to tell that boy his secret because what an untrustworthy little urchin. And Mouse had tried to escape. But only before he'd known the truth. Once he'd known…once he'd known, he was all in, heart and soul, putting his very life on the line for two people he hardly knew and had no cause to care for. And somehow, some way, when Navarre wasn't looking, he'd come to care for this little pickpocket. He'd begun to think of him, accidentally, as some sort of surrogate son, someone to guide, someone to protect and teach and care for. And then there came the fatal blow. Navarre sometimes had nightmares. And in them he was the wolf, mindless and hungry, and it was only a miracle he'd somehow been able to retain enough control to know even in his wolf-mind that Isabeau was always to be protected, never hurt. But in one of his nightmares, he was trapped in icy waters, growing heavy as the water froze in his fur, the cold leeching his strength. And there was this tiny thing, this Mouse, flinging himself into the dangerously cold waters, wrestling wolf-Navarre haphazardly up onto the ice, to safety, with no mind to the claws and teeth that were angrily, instinctually, filleting his chest. The dream had left him screaming. There were too many times in the past week he had wondered about this place, this frozen graveyard, and thought with great fear what it would be if he had to dig another hole through icy ground. Whether he had it in him. And he'd been kind to the ailing Mouse, made sure his needs were taken care of, but every time he'd seen the pale, drawn face, his mind's eye had supplied a blue tinge and frozen, accusing eyes. Every time his subconscious wanted to reach out to a boy his heart had somehow adopted, his memories screamed that he was no more fit for that role than the wolf who'd carved those wounds into his chest would be. Because how could he be anything like a father when no one had ever even survived being his brother? And then the crazy boy had climbed a ladder for reasons Navarre couldn't imagine and knocked over a vase. And then he'd looked at Navarre like he fully expected to be immediately, unreasonably, violently punished. The vase had been his mother's, one passed down from some long-dead ancestor, and all Navarre could think of was that the fever-muddled boy seemed insistent, in his haste to avoid that punishment, to put his bare, unprotected feet down on those sharp, unforgiving shards of porcelain. All he could think about was the fear in that face. The hurt. Certain of all the wrong things and oblivious to all the right ones. So he'd given into the impulse. He'd held him, picked him up, tucked him back into his bed. And there was confusion, and somehow, simply, trust. As though it made sense suddenly that Navarre would take care of things, that Navarre would keep him safe. He remembered seeing that sort of trust in Élie. Of course, Élie had never once thought for a moment that his older brother would ever do him harm. Such a bright lad. \"How I loved you, little brother,\" he whispered. He'd never said it. He'd never been much for words, a sensibility Isabeau was methodically working to rid him of. Even more quietly, \"How I love you still.\" He should have treasured that trust. He should have cherished those times his brother wanted to follow him, assist him, be like him. Blue eyes and blond hair and the hint of dimples and a winsome smile, infectious laugh. A heart as big as any Navarre had ever known. And how often had he been annoyed or irritated or hadn't had the time? \"I should have loved you better then.\" He took a deep breath. He was unused to talking alone, listening to his own voice. Mouse, he knew, didn't need an audience in order to let loose a string of words. Navarre had come upon him more times than he could count to find the boy talking brightly to himself or to God. As though most of his thinking took place verbally. Much of the past two years Navarre had spent in silence. That time was over. It was a time for words, even if they were only ever heard by himself and the Lord. \"If I could undo…\" He stopped. That didn't matter. Of course if he could change things he would. But he couldn't. That was the nature of life. He sighed. The words came haltingly. \"I…will…always wish things were different. And even if it isn't fair, I want you to know…\" he shook his head. \"I want to say that things will be different. For him. I won't make the same mistakes. I won't…\" The tears that overflowed surprised him. How many more could there be? \"I will not dig another grave out of my own recklessness.\" There were more words that he could not say, no matter how he tried. Words about how no one could ever replace Élie in his heart. Words about how he could never forget the little blond boy who had looked to him for guidance with so much innocent trust. Words about how that precious young soul would always be a part of who Navarre was. He'd thought in some shielded part of his mind that caring for Mouse would be some sort of betrayal to his brother's memory. A cheap, imitation bond that was about ridding Navarre of the guilt he'd borne for so many years. It was bad enough that he'd had the audacity to love Isabeau, and wasn't the Bishop's curse proof enough that he could only bring misery? Opening his heart to a young, orphaned thief was only adding unfair, dangerous insult, and Mouse's recent brush was death sealed it. And somehow with that same mind, he'd imagined his brother would be disapproving, accusing. Because how could Navarre dare care for another when the only real track record he possessed was this string of winter graves? Wasn't being cared for by Navarre a curse and a death sentence? But the curse had been lifted. Mouse had lived. And Isabeau was right, the only unfair thing was to jerk the boy's emotions back and forth as Navarre tried to deal with his own demons. He was finished with that now. And somehow he expected to feel the weight of invisible disapproval, but there was none. He placed his hand on the ground he'd had to dig up so many years ago. \"You would have loved them, too,\" he whispered finally. It was a realization and a deeply-known truth all at once. And he imagined for a moment his young brother smiling innocently at Isabeau or laughing at one of the old man's jokes or running around, getting into trouble with Mouse. He hadn't thought he had much in the way of imagination. Those two would have gotten along so well, he thought. Élie would be several years older than Mouse now. And what would Élie have taught the boy? What stories would he have told? Navarre thought of how he would go as gray as Imperius trying to keep a rein on the two of them. The thought brought an unpredicted smile to his face. It was a sad smile, but he never would have thought there would be any kind of smile in this place. How Élie would have berated him for that. That young spirited lad would not feel betrayed by Navarre's happiness or his care of Mouse. Élie's memory would not be honored by misery. It would be honored by joy, the kind of joy that he'd advocated and insisted upon until the last day of his too-brief life. He arose stiffly, the cold having sunk into his bones, but he felt lighter all the same. \"I do not imagine I should be back anytime soon.\" He prayed fiercely that it would be so. He reached behind him and pulled free the old metal shovel he'd brought with him and had stuck rather forcefully into the ground upon arriving. \"I think it would do me well to leave this here.\" He gripped it in his hands, and just with that grip there were memories of numb, bleeding hands and blisters and biting cold and wretched, guilt-laden grief. This shovel he had used to bury every member of his family. He dropped it on the empty piece of ground beside his brother's grave. Gave it up to rust and decay. \"I don't want to use it,\" he said. \"Not ever again.\" He'd kept it. Always expecting another tragedy. Always wanting the reminder of his failure. Navarre brought his fingers to his lips and used them to press a kiss to the weather-beaten cross at the head of his brother's grave. He did the same with his mother's beside it, and his father's beside that. \"I will never forget,\" he vowed. \"My first family.\" And now, somehow this chance for a new one. \"I want to be restored. I have been given this opportunity, this gift. I do not deserve it.\" He shook his head and thought of his Isabeau. Never could he be worthy of her. But yet she offered her love. Freely. Without reservations. What an example of mercy. Quietly he said, \"That is what a gift is.\" Silently he thanked the Lord for unexpected gifts. He turned from the hallowed ground and began the trek back to where Goliath waited faithfully. In reality, nothing had changed. But somehow he felt lighter. Somehow he felt…more ready. Ever since Élie, he'd been fearful of life, fearful that it would find him out, that it would take more from him. And truly in his mind, since that cold, dark day, it had never ceased to be winter. He mounted Goliath. Smiled and rubbed the horse's neck. With quiet, tentative hopefulness, he said, \"I think it will be a good spring.\"[Chapter 4] Navarre rose quietly, intending not to wake his sleeping wife. Even tired from her journey, she'd waited for him to come home. He would never ever deserve this woman. He pulled on a thicker tunic and his boots to ward off the chill, wrapping an extra blanket around his shoulders as an added measure, and left the room before lighting a lamp. He made his quiet way to the library, something on his mind that would not let him sleep. The ladder and the shelf were as they'd been left, and in fact, the swept up porcelain still lay in a pile in the corner. He'd tend to that later. Holding up the lamp, he looked up on that top shelf. It was as he'd surmised. He climbed onto the ladder's first step, reached up and pulled the old volume off its shelf and smiled a bit. He supposed he could be wrong, but… If it had been daylight, and the manor not so quiet, he never would have heard the small noise from the hall. As it was, it set his nerves on edge and quickened his heart. Instincts firing, Navarre dropped his blanket, set down his lamp and book, and took up the fireplace poker, thinking of assassins and soldiers loyal to an evil, dead Bishop. He turned round the door to the hallway, and only barely managed to make out the edges of a dark, creeping silhouette. \"You have one second to identify yourself,\" he said lowly. He couldn't have mistaken the startled yelp for anyone else. The figure spun around, flattened against the wall, and it must have taken him a moment to place the voice. \"Navarre!\" \"Phillipe! Are you mad?\" He caught the boy by the shaking arm and pulled him into the library. \"F-Furious,\" Mouse wheezed a bit from fright. \"I could have...seriously injured you. Whew. One minute.\" He took his free hand off his heart to hold up one finger. \"Hold on for one minute. Gahh.\" As soon as he caught his breath, he looked up scornfully. \"What are you doing sneaking around in the middle of the night with a…\" He looked at the poker in Navarre's right hand. And for one horribly familiar moment, he froze. Then he seemed to shake himself, and the words were coming as before. \"For heaven's sake!\" He yanked his arm free. \"Little late to be stoking the fires, isn't it?\" \"Apparently not. You couldn't even have put on a blanket?\" He replaced the poker and retrieved his fallen blanket, wrapping it brusquely around narrow shoulders. The boy was dressed in his night shirt and loose breeches, and that was all. \"Good heavens, you haven't even got shoes! What were you doing, wandering around in the dark?\" \"Mice get around very well in the dark,\" he supplied helpfully. \"You're not an actual mouse.\" He tapped a finger to his lips in ponderance. \"Then why does everyone keep calling me that?\" \"Because,\" he tousled already-disheveled hair, and Mouse was too surprised to duck his hand, \"it suits you. Now, why were you up, little Mouse?\" Suddenly there was awkward shyness and shrugging, and the blanket was pulled more tightly around him. \"I had to…you know…\" he gestured vaguely. \"Aha.\" Navarre had to smother a grin at the lad's embarrassment. Of all the… \"And you couldn't have bothered with shoes?\" \"It wasn't supposed to take a long time,\" Mouse explained, and even in the dim light from the lamp, his face looked a bit red. \"And…I was kind of in a hurry.\" He jumped when Navarre's hand landed on his forehead. \"What?\" he asked, unsettled. \"Just making sure your fever's not coming back. Don't worry. It's only just you blushing.\" He didn't bother to hide the grin that time. \"Now come on then. Back to bed with you. After all that was this last week, I'll not have you catching your death of cold now.\" Navarre picked up his lamp and the book and nudged the boy in the direction of his room. There was a moment of quiet from the boy as they walked, followed by a deep breath. \"I am sorry, you know. It wasn't my intention to be so terribly, unattractively sick. I don't get sick often, you see. Usually I'm healthy as a horse. Goliath, for instance. There's a healthy horse.\" It was unclear whether he was bragging or pleading his case. \"But anyway, when, on those rare occasions that I do take ill, it sometimes hits a bit harder than one might expect.\" He was quick to repeat, \"But it's rare. It's extremely rare.\" The boy could do an astonishing mix of earnest and apathetic. And what was this? An apology for being ill? What sense was there in that? Especially when he was sick with injuries he'd sustained saving Navarre's life. He decided not to mince words. \"Are you wondering if maybe I've found you to be more trouble than you're worth?\" Mouse actually faltered a step, but he caught himself and pushed open the door to his room. He didn't immediately answer. Then instead of answering at all, he asked, \"Did you ask Imperius to come?\" \"Get in bed,\" Navarre nodded at it and set down the lamp and book. Then he went and struck a flint to some kindling and set them in the fireplace. \"I asked Isabeau to go and ask him. Why?\" There was quiet as he set some logs on the fire. He turned. Mouse was sitting up in bed with his knees pulled to his chest, still wearing the blanket, nodding and picking at the bedclothes that were twisted around his feet. \"Did you ask him here to see if he would take me?\" he asked quietly. Navarre hardly had time to reel in surprise before the boy sped on. \"Because while I appreciate the thought, it's all very unnecessary. First of all, I've never been one to stay in one place very long anyway. There is a lot out there to see, after all. Fortunes to make. I'm a skilled traveler, and besides that, I make friends easily. Well, you know that. Second, Imperius is a good friend and a great man, and it takes a certain kind to stay penned up in an abbey all day praying and doing…monk things. And I have only great respect for that, but…\" he winced a bit, \"I think I may drive him to drink.\" Navarre stared. It would almost have been comical except for all about it that was not. How callous had he been that the boy would assume almost immediately that Navarre would ask so soon to be rid of him? He remembered with shame the times he'd brushed the boy off or silenced him with a sharp word or look. And each time, Mouse had looked utterly unsurprised. Navarre stood from his kneeling position by the fireplace and walked to the bed. Took the blanket from around the still-shivering shoulders and nudged him gently. Mouse scrambled back against the pillows, and Navarre pulled the bedclothes over him, adding the extra blanket for good measure, his movements deft and sure, and all the while, Mouse staring at him with eyes as round as wagon wheels. As soon as the boy was situated to his liking, Navarre grasped the bony shoulders and stared intently into the brown eyes. \"No,\" he said firmly. Mouse's eyes were jumpy, his body tense, and if Navarre had to guess, the lad had already figured five different escape routes. He gave an uneasy, conciliatory smile. \"Uh. All right then. That is to say, I wouldn't mind spending some time with the old man. After all, he came all this way, and wouldn't it be rude to…\" \"No, Mouse.\" The uneasy smile faltered beneath Navarre's gaze. And how to say all what he had to say? There suddenly seemed a great lot of it, and he found his tongue sticking on all the important parts. Mouse shrugged a bit, surreptitiously testing Navarre's grip, and Navarre knew he needed to calm the lad. The worried eyes were beginning to look trapped. Navarre held in a sigh and patted a shoulder, standing back a bit. \"May I ask you something?\" Lips thinned, eyes darting to and fro, as if the boy were suspicious of an interrogation and wondering whether or not he'd done the thing, whatever it was, of which he was about to be accused. Oh, Mouse. There was a tilt of the head before he answered very cautiously, \"…Yes?\" Navarre picked the book up off the chair and held it up. \"Is this what you were after before? In the library?\" He watched as the boy searched through what were surely some cloudy memories. \"Did I break something?\" he asked. The hint of worry was made to look like curiosity, and may have been missed if the boy hadn't been so nervous already. \"Nothing of import,\" Navarre dismissed it and pulled the chair closer to the bed to sit down. \"Only I would like to know why you were reaching for this particular tome. Do you remember?\" \"Oh. Ah.\" Mouse ducked his head and pointed at nothing. \"That. Well. I was very…\" \"Fever-brained?\" Navarre supplied. \"Thank you, that. Yes. Um…hm.\" He gave a small laugh and scratched his head and looked embarrassed. \"Who's to say what I was thinking at the time? Could have been I thought the book was a golden-haired damsel that needed rescuing and the ladder a high, guarded tower. I become very gallant in the throes of a good fever…\" \"Mouse,\" Navarre asked, \"do you know what this book is?\" Eyebrows rose slightly, and the boy stole a quick glance at the cover. His fingers began scrunching the fabric of the blanket nervously. But for once he did not pretend. \" The Odyssey. \" Navarre shook his head, and though he had suspected, he was still somewhat amazed. \"How do you know that?\" \"You told me.\" \"No.\" Navarre wouldn't be fooled. \"I told you I had the book. I didn't tell you where it was. There are many books in that library. How did you know it was this one?\" Mouse winced. \"Lucky guess?\" he tried. \"Mouse. Can you read this?\"he asked directly. He had assumed the peasant boy had never had that sort of training. He'd even considered the idea of teaching him, not expecting much interest in the offer. He'd mentioned The Odyssey by way of enticing the lad with an adventure tale. The boy licked his lips, and he clearly thought he was in trouble. \"A little.\" He paused and rushed to assure, \"Not well. Not well enough for a book like that. I only know a little. Just enough to work out the title, and you had talked about it and said you might read me the story sometime, and…and…I was very fever-brained and not thinking clearly, and...\" \"Where on earth did you learn to read?\" If Mouse had been looking at him at all, he would've seen the smile. \"I spent two solid months in a monastery once. It had a library.\" He let that sink in. \"Of course, they didn't know I was staying in their monastery, and most of the books were in Latin, and they never would've had a book like that, but…\" he shrugged and looked as though he wasn't sure he should be boasting or apologizing. \"I guess I was able to pick up a few things.\" His eyes widened and lips pursed. \"Don't tell Imperius.\" \"Incredible.\" Navarre realized that beyond the fact that Mouse didn't know who his mother was and some other vague, unpleasant clues, he had no knowledge at all of what the boy's past had been like. How many other little surprises were there? \"That's really quite impressive. I've known a very few thieves who would have bothered to learn a skill like that.\" \"Well then they're not very good thieves,\" Mouse dismissed them and told Navarre, almost scolding, \"You never pass up learning a skill today when for all you know it could save your life tomorrow,\" as though quoting a commandment. Then Mouse narrowed his eyes. \"How many thieves have you known?\" And curiously enough, it sounded more like insecurity than anything else. Like perhaps Navarre collected thieves and Mouse wasn't a special case at all. \"None quite like you,\" he assured with a grin. \"So let me understand this one thing, though: you left your sickbed, dizzy with fever and muddled of thought, to retrieve this book…so that I might read it to you?\" The boys arms wrapped around himself, more defensive than in deference to the cold. \"I never said you had to read it to me.\" \"But then, if you'd already surmised it was too difficult for you to read on your own, then what did you plan on doing with it?\" \"I wasn't planning anything.\" And he fell back on what seemed like his new favorite excuse. \" Fever .\" Navarre nodded amiably. \"Do you know what this tale is about, Mouse?\" \"Only what you told me.\" He leaned forward a bit. \"A clever man named Odysseus is trying to get home to his wife and son after a great war, but he gets caught in a whole host of adventures with monsters and creatures and all those sorts of things on the way.\" \"Good memory.\" He hadn't thought the boy had been paying attention. He got the feeling that Mouse paid much more attention than he let on. \"Yes.\" He tapped the leather cover of the book. \"You see, a lot of terrible things happen to Odysseus. His very name means 'Trouble.' Some of those things weren't his own fault at all, but some of them were. In addition to being clever, Odysseus was arrogant and blind.\" \"He fought all those monsters while he was blind ?\" The boy sounded impressed. And a bit worried. Navarre spared a fleeting grin. \"Not physically blind. His arrogance sometimes caused him to make rash, short-sighted, foolish decisions that ended up hurting him and keeping him away from his family even longer.\" \"Oh.\" Mouse didn't seem to understand where this was going, but that didn't seem to bother him either. \"So does he make it? In the end?\" \"Wouldn't that spoil the book for you?\" \"I just think it would be a very terrible story if he never makes it home. Even if he's not all the time fully heroic.\" \"I'm inclined to agree with you. It takes him a long time. Far too long. But eventually he ends up where he was meant to be.\" Mouse smiled a bit and leaned back against the pillows. \"That sounds like a wonderful story.\" Then he frowned. Then he looked apprehensive and a bit accusatory. \"Wait, is that…? What is that; are you being allegorical?\" Navarre raised his eyebrows. He hadn't expected the boy to be so sharp. \"I suppose I am.\" Then Mouse looked hurt. Just for a moment. And then it transitioned into embarrassment, and then that was covered over, too. \"Thank you,\" he said dutifully. \"I understand. Navarre, it wasn't my intention to stay so long. Thank you for providing care while I was ill. I can be gone tomorrow at first light.\" Navarre blinked. Because surely he'd misheard. \"I'm sorry, come again?\" \"I'm like Odysseus.\" As though he were reciting back something Navarre had said. \"I can't let foolish things stop me from finding my own way to wherever I'm meant to be. No matter how long it takes. I understand.\" Navarre stared at him open-mouthed. The boy looked down, fiddling with the blankets again. \"You don't have to look so surprised,\" he muttered softly. \"I understand…nuance and all that. I'm not always as slow as people think.\" Well that was just…Navarre couldn't even put words to what that was. Mouse thought Navarre was simply and ever-so-politely ejecting him from his property and his life just like that? Had things really been as bad as that? He couldn't help but raise his voice a bit in his incredulity. \"Were you not even here this last evening? Did you not hear what Imperius said?\" \"Which part?\" \"The part about loving you,\" and he only just barely managed to avoid adding, you fantastic little idiot. The tousled head popped up, and he looked positively shocked. \"I…Y-wuh…?\" Mouse usually was much more articulate. \"Well?\" And still Mouse was reeling a bit. He shook his head, and surprisingly enough, he admitted, \"I thought I was delirious,\" as if that were perfectly reasonable. \"You must be joking.\" Mouse usually told better jokes. \"No,\" the boy argued. And there was that furrow-browed, contradictory look and a raised index finger. \"No. Because then I fell asleep, and when I woke again, Isabeau and Imperius were there, and they were acting…just the same as always. And you can't…if that were true, then wouldn't they have been…? Things would've been different.\" He didn't sound completely sure. \"Different how?\" \"How should I know? But people don't…they don't say such things and then go on as if everything were plain and normal.\" \"You expected some kind of ceremony?\" Navarre raised an eyebrow. He scowled. \"I didn't expect it at all.\" \"What should change then? If such a thing were true, if they do in fact love you, how would you imagine things to be different?\" Mouse gestured helplessly, still caught somewhere between convinced and uncertain. \"Then they would tell me how I'm supposed to be different than what I am. For my own good.\" The last bit sounded darker than the rest. Navarre had no hope of following that. \"How are you supposed to be different?\" \"I don't know . If I knew that , I wouldn't be…\" He stopped short, surprised at himself, and there was something fast approaching fear in his eyes. And there it was. \"Alone?\" Navarre hazarded, and it was hardly a guess. Mouse wouldn't look at him. \"In case you hadn't noticed, little Mouse…you aren't.\" Brown eyes slowly raised and blinked at him several times. And this was the amazing young thief, the one they called Phillipe the Mouse, the only man alive ever to escape the prisons of Aquila, and certainly the only one to sneak back in. And he sat there, still weak from sickness, looking in the dim light entirely like the child he, in many ways, still was. Hope made people vulnerable. Navarre knew that better than most. And there Mouse sat, trying like mad not to hope, terrified to expose his vulnerability. He was too young, Navarre thought. Too young to convince himself he did not need a family. \" I am Odysseus,\" Navarre said with quiet conviction that froze Mouse where he sat. \" I am the one who has been foolish and rash and short-sighted. You ,\" he poked Mouse gently on the front of his shoulder, ever mindful of the healing wounds on his chest, \"are home. Listen well. You are loved, little Mouse. Exactly as you are. And I am sorry that the way I have acted has convinced you otherwise. I am sorry that it has taken me this long to get here.\" The brown eyes were intense, and the boy gave a sudden, painful swallow, staring at Navarre, and he could not speak. It seemed all he could do to breathe. \"You are, as Isabeau said, my family. As surely as if you were brother or son. And in my foolishness, I fought that. Because,\" he paused and had to steady himself, \"I have lost one brother already due to my own carelessness. And I know too well the pain rendered by such a loss. It's the reason I foolishly tried to pretend you were less to me than that. As if, should something happen to you, I could find comfort in the distance. I know now that was only stupidity, and the most selfish kind. We were already connected, you and I. The day we met, I was convinced the Lord Himself had placed you in my path, and I am more convinced now than then. I cannot promise I will never disappoint you. If only I could. But I can promise my protection, guidance, and provision for as long as you'll allow me the honor.\" It felt good get it out. To have it spoken and to be done with it. It felt good until he looked into that young face. Navarre wasn't sure what he expected. He'd mostly been concerned over whether he would be able to get any of the words out at all and if they'd be in any cohesive order. He'd hardly thought over what he expected from Mouse. As it was, the boy looked positively…panic-stricken. Mouse's breathing had sped up, and he was looking at him almost like Navarre had just declared he wanted to murder him in some ghastly fashion rather than make him a part of his family. He felt suddenly uncertain. What if this wasn't what Mouse wanted at all? What if Navarre had only assumed? What if he was again a victim of his own arrogance? \"Is that,\" Navarre asked tentatively, \"all right?\" The boy only shook his head. No. A final, comprehensive no. \"Oh,\" Navarre nodded, and the initial surprise was not even as surprising as the sudden hurt he felt at the rejection. \"Well.\" And what else was there to say? Of course. The damage had already been done. He'd pushed his young friend away too many times and now likely sounded like a babbling madman. He swallowed and slowly stood. \"I can understand that,\" he said, and it was unreasonably difficult. \"Thank you for hearing me. I will...let the offer stand, anyway.\" He made it to the door, still unsteady with disappointment and embarrassment. \"The sun isn't even up. You'll still need your rest,\" he advised hollowly without turning, and he reached for the door. A hand caught his wrist and just as quickly let go, and Navarre turned. The boy stood there, out of bed once again, backing to a safe distance but holding out Navarre's book in one hand while the other frantically, ineffectively fisted away tears. There were tears falling down his face. The small chest shook to hold back muted sobs, and brown eyes were wide, desperate and pleading, and there were tears. It was a heartbreaking sight. One that Navarre did not immediately understand. \"What...?\" The boy only held out that book and it seemed agony even to look up at Navarre's face. There were no words. Uncomprehending, Navarre took the worn old book and looked down at its cover. Then to the silently overwhelmed boy standing not four paces away. Mouse looked too much like ashamed, but not too ashamed to beg of him to...to stop. He doesn't want me to go, he thought.There was hope then. And Navarre remembered. Mouse might prattle endlessly about anything under the sun. But matters that touched too closely to the heart under that scarred chest…those apparently left him mute. Navarre took a chance. \"Shall we read for a bit then?\" he asked quietly, and somehow his voice had gotten rough. A small, shining smile of relief and gratefulness. Then Mouse sniffed and nodded shyly, his shoulders sagging as he let out a pent-up breath. It only took a few moments to get him back into bed and under the blankets and calmer, and on a whim, Navarre scooted him over and leaned back against the headboard next to him. He reached around the surprised boy's shoulders, drawing him close, so he could hold the book in both hands and that the words would be visible to the both of them. The way he'd done for Élie once upon a time. The way his father had done with him those rare times he hadn't realized he'd almost forgotten, back before mountains and ice. Mouse tensed for a moment at some unseen uncertainty. Navarre smiled over Mouse's head as the still-recovering young thief, all but spent and exhausted, relaxed and settled himself more comfortably against his chest. \"All ready?\" Mouse nodded. \"Thank you,\" he whispered hoarsely, and it seemed an effort to get those two words out. \"Of course, little Mouse.\" Impulsively, Navarre pressed a kiss to the boy's temple, and he saw moist eyelashes blinking in surprise. Then he settled in and opened the book to the first page. The story began just as he remembered. \"'Tell me, O muse, of that ingenious hero who travelled far and wide after he had sacked the famous town of Troy. Many cities did he visit, and many were the nations with whose manners and customs he was acquainted; moreover he suffered much by sea while trying to save his own life and bring his men safely home…'\" LADYHAWKELADYHAWKELADYHAWKELADYHAWKELADYHAWKELADYHAWKELADYHAWKE Isabeau was largely unconcerned when she awoke that morning and her husband was not beside her. It didn't take much effort to imagine where he had gone, and she was only curious over whether Navarre had had success in his mission. She wrapped herself up and let her feet carry her the way to Phillipe's room. She pushed the door open slowly. Her smile was intense and immediate. Her husband sat on top of the blankets, his back to the headboard, with head tilted back and mouth open, snoring softly. There was an expensive-looking book sitting open in his lap, its pages crinkled where his hand had hit them in his sleep. And tucked securely under one arm, there was her favorite little Mouse, burrowed snugly against his chest, features as smooth and relaxed as she'd ever seen them. She walked further into the room, her footfalls quiet. She stopped to press a kiss to her husband's face. Winter blue eyes opened and regarded her for a moment with a plain, undiluted kind of awe. The kind of inadvertent look that made her feel absolutely treasured. Then he smiled warmly. \"Good morning, my love.\" \"Good morning. I trust you've sorted things with your young protégé?\" He glanced down fondly at the boy bundled against his chest. \"I think the important things are…at least mostly understood.\" \"He looks incredibly asleep,\" she noted with a grin. And rather endearing at that. She leaned down to press a soft kiss to his head. He didn't stir a bit. \"He'd thought I wanted rid of him. Had been convinced of it, in fact.\" \"It seems as though you've unconvinced him.\" She glanced up at Navarre with a smile meant to ease the bit of distress that had entered his gaze. \"He's positively angelic this way. Could it be that his mouth is closed?\" she teased. If anything, Navarre looked more somber. \"Surprising as it is, I've found it much less painful when he's chattering on and on than when he cannot say a word.\" Isabeau raised her eyebrows. Then she looked back at her young friend affectionately. \"He's a tender little thing. He'd like to think he isn't.\" She thought of the utterly silent figure with a tear-stained face the day the moon blotted out the sun and she and Navarre were finally together, their torment at last replaced by boundless joy. There in the church, Mouse had had, for the first time since she'd known him, no words for the occasion. Only precious tears and an expression of wonder that could never have belonged to a heartless, honorless, indifferent criminal. \"I'm going to go get breakfast together. If Imperius comes by, which I expect he will, tell him breakfast will be served in here.\" She thought now was as good a time to tell him as any to tell him, \"I've invited him to stay for as long as he can.\" Navarre's mouth twitched in an amused half smile. He knew her well and hardly had to ask her to explain her reasoning. \"Good,\" he said, jokingly resigned. \"Lord knows, we could use the prayers.\" A/N: Here's an Anachronism Alert: I have no idea at what point The Odyssey was translated into French. However, for the sake of this story, I'm going to say it was about at that point in history when a man was cursed to be a wolf by night and a woman a hawk by day. Heh. Shameless. A/N Part II: Revenge of the Author's Note: You'll notice there was a bit of a happy ending here. This is not the end. Because how it could it be that easy, right?[Chapter 5] \"Well, Lord. It is, by and large, a fine morning. I'm feeling much better. Thank You.\" Mouse thought for a moment and looked around his room. Well. That was about everything. Oh, but there were some hard biscuits in the kitchen. Probably no one would miss those. With that set in mind, he shouldered his small bag and headed for the bedroom door. His eyes lit on the book on the bedside table. He stopped. Feelings of guilt and regret and a surge of loss. He brushed them aside and scowled. \"Well, it's not as if I have a choice. Everyone will be better off. I am a thief and a teller of tales, and I'll never be anything better. And You know that. Navarre's just…feeling sentimental. That's all. He's been through a trial. All of them have. Imperius and the lady Isabeau, too. It'll wear off.\" All those things about love and family and protection and guidance. Nothing like that ever lasted. And besides, \"I don't need any of that.\" There was a teasing voice in the back of his mind that brought up the tears he'd cried and the way he'd been so weak, lost all semblance of resolve, and was so quick to crumble and lean on Navarre. To believe him. To trust him. The way he'd wanted so badly to just be safe and protected and cared for, and he'd been so, so tired . He'd fallen for warmth and fairy tales. Pathetic. \"It was a momentary lapse,\" he grumbled. \"I was ill . I've always been better on my own.\" He glanced upward and quickly amended, very diplomatically, \"Not counting You of course, Lord. You're always invited along.\" With that, Mouse stuck his head out the door, checking both ways. He'd have to be a bit sneaky. He was supposed to be napping. If anyone saw him packed to leave, there might be questions, and that would be uncomfortable for everyone. As it was, no one saw him slip into the kitchen and tuck the biscuits and some dried currants into his bag. He had to duck into a cupboard to avoid a muttering Imperius, listening as the old man blustered good-naturedly to himself about nothing in particular. As soon as Mouse realized there was a fond smile pulling at his lips, he quickly scrubbed it off. No, he wasn't attached. No, not at all. He waited for the monk to be on his way before he crept out of the cupboard and stole outside by way of an old servant's entrance. The servant's access was the best exit. There were sixteen feasible points at which to leave the manor. He thought he could stretch it to nineteen in a pinch, but as far as accessibility and covertness, the small wooden door tucked into the stone wall outside the kitchen couldn't be beat. The door wasn't heavy and loud like the main entrance or some of the others, and it didn't require scaling any walls or rappelling off of anything. And it certainly didn't require him to crawl through mud or swim through a creek. Basically, it was simple. Easy. And there he was. Outside. Alone. A chilling wind blew through his hair, turning his arms to gooseflesh and making him shiver. There was a single, fleeting image cast before his eyes. Of a fire and a warm supper and Isabeau's ethereal smile and Imperius's bellowing laugh and Navarre trying and failing to look unamused. He felt warmer for that moment. And then he stepped out, away from gray bricks and everything inside that was not gray. He stepped out, where the wind was free to have its way with him, cut through to his bones, and this was what he wanted. Unequivocally. It was what he knew, and there was no reason whatsoever to believe he was colder now than he ever had been before. Unless it was only some lingering effects of his illness. \"Yes, that's probably it. Must be.\" So Mouse wrapped his arms tightly around himself and set his pace to a steady gait, slower than a jog because he was recovering after all. \"It's a wonderful thing, being out in the country. A man alone with his thoughts. Free to go where he pleases. There's adventure in it. Romance. Excitement and danger and endless possibilities.\" He grinned, focused on the possibilities of the open land in front of him, pushing back all the naysaying thoughts still trying to claw their way in. Mouse always liked to travel. He liked not knowing what he would find. Even if what he found was too often trouble. He liked to meet new people and see new things, hear new stories and make up new ones of his own. And yes, sometimes it meant he was cold, and sometimes it meant he was hungry. But it was worth it because he always thought if he just kept moving, that someday he would find something. He wasn't sure what he was looking for. But he knew he'd never find it holed up in a previously-enchanted knight's stone manor. There was a small village some miles to the east that he thought he could make before dark. He felt confident he could find someplace to sleep indoors there and something warm to fill his stomach. \"I feel good about this.\" And a few steps later, \"I do.\" And almost a mile after that, perhaps slightly peevishly, \"Lord, sometimes I get the feeling You're looking at me with some sort of expression. And I really wish You would stop.\" LADYHAWKELADYHAWKELADYHAWKELADYHAWKELADYHAWKELADYHAWKELADYHAWKE It was amazing the feeling one got when everything had finally been put into its rightful place. He'd been reunited with his love, and nothing could tear them apart. He'd restored his friendship with the monk he'd been sure he'd never trust again. He'd laid old demons to rest. His young friend would live and soon would be back to bothering and teasing and learning, perhaps for the first time, what it was to be part of a family. Navarre's life seemed, for that single precarious moment, to be something akin to perfect as he curried Goliath's coat with quick, circular strokes. At least as close to perfect as one's life could be. There were still dangers and worries and duties. But those were secondary things. The important things were all laid in a row, neat and tidy and safe. \"Navarre?\" Isabeau's voice came from the door to the stable. \"Yes, love?\" \"Is Mouse out here with you?\" \"Mouse?\" He repeated the name like she'd told a joke. \"He's still confined to bed.\" Then he paused. He set his brush aside and left the stall to find his wife standing barefoot at the door. \"He's not in bed, then?\" Isabeau pressed her lips together and shook her head, eyebrows high, almost managing to look more exasperated than worried. \"It seems he has escaped.\" Oh, for the love…\"Where's Imperius?\" \"Inside, searching the rooms a second time,\" she said unhappily. \"He's not there. He must be on the grounds somewhere. Brash little devil.\" \"Why would Mouse be out roaming the grounds?\" \"I don't know. But I'm not forgiving him until we find him.\" She sniffed proudly. Then she gave up and let her worry show as she reached out a hand for him. He took it. \"Do you think his fever might have come back?\" Navarre led his wife back toward the great house. \"I think it's more likely you'll catch death yourself skipping about without shoes. Come on. We'll ask him when we find him. He won't have gone far.\" There was a sinking feeling, however, that he had no idea what Mouse would do. His discomfited thoughts moved to his belly, causing his stomach to shift in uneasy waves. Life, it seemed, was not a beast so easily tamed. LADYHAWKELADYHAWKELADYHAWKELADYHAWKELADYHAWKELADYHAWKELADYHAWKE It took a moment for consciousness to begin weaving itself together, longer for it to form anything that approached a coherent tapestry. The first thing Mouse knew with any amount of certainty was that it was too warm. Hot even. And that didn't seem right because last he remembered, it had been late winter. There had been melting snow and ice and uncomfortable cold. But now the only thing that was uncomfortable was the heavy, stifling heat. Maybe he'd slept a long time. Maybe it was already summer. The second thing he knew was the sharp, nauseating pain at the base of his skull. He didn't know what he'd done, but whatever it was…he regretted it. He was lying face down on rough boards, and he dragged a hand up to rub his splitting head, heaving in a sharp breath. The moment he inhaled, it was like he was breathing in the fiery embers of the Abyss. Smoke and soot and hot, hot air that burned up his insides, and all he could do was cough and sputter and clutch at his chest. Mouse pushed himself blearily up onto his elbows. The pain and the heat weren't enough to really alarm him, curiously enough. The thing that finally pressed panic into his muddled brain and had him blinking scratchy, watering eyes open was the sound. A roar and a crackling. Like bacon sizzling on a frying pan or rain falling in large drops or a hundred other things that it was not. And the instant he realized he knew that sound was the instant his heart leapt up and gagged him. He was lying under a broken table. And all around him, there was fire.[Chapter 6] Isabeau watched her husband as they rode. Lilou, her bay-coated Auvergne mare kept up all right, but she was all but dwarfed by Navarre's Goliath. Still, it gave her a pristine view of Navarre's grim-set face. It was that look he wore that she hated to see more than any other. The look of nothingness. Anger, sadness, pain, remorse—all were preferable in their own way to this meticulously molded expression. If indeed it could be called an expression at all. Expressions expressed. This—this whatever-it-was—did not. It gave nothing away. As if Navarre were a soulless statue rather than a man capable of such courage and love and feeling as ever existed. \"You're doing that thing with your face,\" she told him directly and pulled her riding hood more snugly against her shoulders. The air was chilly. It was the sort of thing she didn't usually notice when she was with him. He didn't answer. It could very well be he hadn't heard. Isabeau sighed. That stone-carved face was the one her love wore in her nightmares, when her vision was sharpest. When she had the vague impressions of feathered, unwieldy not-hands and tethered talons where feet should be. During those dark years, when in her human form, at that moment between night and day, she'd seen and recognized his crushing despair, felt it echoed in her heart. But it was her animal mind that had recorded this phenomenon, and that perhaps was why it haunted her. When the tempestuous blue eyes turned to stolid, still-standing water. Isabeau had seen dead men. Men dead both from slow sickness and from quick, fatal blows. The ones who'd died quickly had eyes that retained their sharpness, faces that reflected their surprise or the fierceness of their fight. But the ones who'd died slowly from age or disease all had the same weary grayness to their eyes. As though they'd felt every blow from the hammer that chiseled their life away and it exhausted them. Navarre, Isabeau had thought, had had two years feeling life's hammer chisel away at his hope. But that isn't what it is; is it, my love? Not precisely. No. What Navarre had had was practice. Practice burying his hope so deep that nothing, not even life's hammer, could touch it. Not life's hammer. And not Navarre himself. But the thing about hope is that one cannot bury it by itself. When hope is buried, joy is buried. Light and life and color are buried. And one is left with the gray, weary eyes of a dead man. It had taken them an embarrassing length of time to realize Mouse's things were gone. The boy had such meager few possessions his room hardly looked any emptier for their absence. Navarre had looked up with the realization, up at nothing, and there had been betrayal and embarrassment and worry and fear and determination and anger and more determination. Then he'd made a grinding motion with his jaw, and all of that began to drain away, down into the bilges of his being where she thought he must store all these things. And in its wake the nothing-face from her nightmares. He'd said, \"He's gone away.\" He'd said it like he wasn't talking to anyone. \"Why?\" she'd asked. \"Why would he do that?\" He hadn't answered. Only he'd gone and readied his horse, and it was all Isabeau could do to keep up. She'd left a worried Imperius behind should Mouse return and followed her ominously stoic husband. They'd set out at a clip. But over the course of their journey, their pace had gradually slowed. \"I can only trust you know where we're going,\" she said by way of conversation, and she already knew not to expect any reply. Sometimes it was best to leave him be until he was ready. It was that moment Navarre pulled Goliath up short without any warning. \"Maybe we should go back.\" He was hardly looking at her. And at last she at least could sense his turmoil. At last she could see something roiling behind the blue eyes. And even if it was difficult, it was still much preferred over the nothingness. \"Go back? Back where? Do you think we've gone the wrong way?\" His voice was hard. \"I think perhaps it was wrong that we set out after him at all.\" She blinked, disbelieving. \"Why would you say that? You couldn't mean it.\" His voice was hard and his eyes wouldn't look at her, and both were signs he wasn't sure whether he was lying or not. \"Of course I mean it. He left. By his choice. What good is it to chase after him now?\" \"That's just it. We don't know why he left.\" Something like guilt flashed across the blue eyes in an instant. Isabeau regarded him carefully. \"Or at least I don't.\" \"If he wants to be free of us, then we should let him be!\" \"Why on earth should he want free of us? What do you know? What is it that you're not telling me? Navarre, Mouse loves us. He's seen us both at our very worst, and he didn't run screaming; what more proof could there be? He loves being part of a family. More than that, I think he needs us. Tell me you aren't about abandoning him now.\" \"Me abandon him? He left , Isabeau. Can't you understand that?\" \"I can't. I was under the assumption that you couldn't either. So tell me what it is that you understand . You'd said you'd settled things with him.\" He made a short frustrated sound, as if he were more confounded than heartbroken, and shook his head. \"I thought I had. I told him…I told him he was loved and that he was as family to me. And he just shook his head no. No. But then he didn't want me to go, and I thought…I thought he was only overwhelmed. And I suppose he was. Overwhelmed at my foolishness, and he didn't know how to tell me. He even told me he would leave; before any of what I'd said, he'd told me he was a traveler, and that was the life he'd chosen. He doesn't want me, Isabeau. He doesn't want any of us. He's a loner, and it's by his design.\" \"A loner? The boy who has learned to talk to himself because he's so unused to anyone apart from the Lord above listening to him? The boy who followed you into his own personal hell only days after meeting you? The boy who danced with me just to see me smile when I had begun to think all hope was lost? The boy who will stay up late into the night listening to Imperius's stories only because the sweet old man has had no one to talk to in far too long? That boy is a loner? That's a boy who chooses to be lonely?\" She shook her head. \"I don't believe it. I won't believe it. I don't know why he left, but I will certainly not operate under any supposition that he wants free of the only family he has.\" She took a deep breath and let it out through her nose, pressing her lips together and waiting until he looked at her. \"You two are more alike than you know. So insecure. So unwilling to believe that anyone could ever love you.\" \"This has nothing to do with my insecurities! If it were true, if he were not put off by what I said, then he wouldn't have stolen away in secret like a…\" \"Like a thief?\" she asked quietly, and it was enough to quiet his tongue. She looked at him, and her affection was great. \"My dearest one, you haven't considered that perhaps that is all he knows how to do?\" He looked at her, startled for a moment. Then he swallowed, breathing slowly through his open mouth, his brow creasing with the realization. \"The moment you realized you loved that boy, your first instinct was to distance yourself from it,\" she said, and not without sympathy. \"Can you fault Philippe for being even better at distancing himself from his feelings than you are?\" Navarre blinked several times. \"You think…?\" \"I do.\" He looked at her a long time. And his face expressed things. Worry, uncertainty, humility, gratitude. Then he spurred Goliath on, and their pace was quickened as it had been at the start, his sureness of purpose restored even if perhaps he still worried what they'd find at the end of their journey. She smiled a bit to herself. Navarre hadn't the ability to abandon this quest. Even if he had turned back, even if he feared Mouse had no use for him whatsoever and would reject him soundly, his worry over the young trouble magnet would have allowed him no rest until he at least was assured of the boy's safety. It was a funny thing, the heart. The very thing that left a man vulnerable also gave him strength. The very thing that supplied endless doubt also gave means for unyielding resolution. \"Does it bother you to think you married a fool?\" Navarre asked after a spell. \"I wouldn't know; I've never had reason to think it,\" she said with put-on, high-held severity. \"And I would thank you to watch your tongue, sir, if you wish to keep it. I will not abide anyone speaking ill of my husband. Not even you.\" She felt more than saw his small, fond smile. \"Apologies, Milady.\" LADYHAWKELADYHAWKELADYHAWKELADYHAWKELADYHAWKELADYHAWKELADYHAWKELADYHAWKE It was in the span of an orange-flame-tinted, smoke-hazed second that Mouse remembered how he'd got to where he'd gotten. After a day of traveling, the tavern had looked entirely warm and inviting when it finally came into view, and the only things he wanted in the world were hot food in his stomach and a nice, straw mattress for the night. He'd been forced to admit at sometime past noon that he wasn't all up to snuff since his latest brush with death. His limbs were achy, and the cold had leeched into his chest. His nose was runny, his skin felt clammy and tight and uncomfortable, his muscles were tired and heavy, and the scabs on his chest itched something fierce. The moment he'd stepped inside the door and was hit with the warmth from the huge stone fireplace and the smell of pork and potatoes and onions and barley bread and beans and some kind of fruit tart, he nearly sang praises to the heavens. As it was, he winked up at the Lord, ran his sleeve under his nose, and tried to look all-knowing and charming and like he belonged. There were long plank tables with rough-hewn benches for the everyman, filled with raucous men kicking back and drinking and laughing loudly, and he sauntered by them with upturned nose to the comparatively nicer round tables at the head of the room closest to the fireplace. He found his way up to an empty table and sat, holding in a blissful groan that wanted to escape at the pure ecstasy it was just to be off his feet, and he waited patiently when all he wanted to do was run back to the kitchen and snatch something to put in his growling stomach. He'd learned a long time ago that patience was a virtue. If you act like a beggar people treat you like a beggar. Better to convince people that you're someone worth serving. And besides, when people think you have plenty, they're less likely to watch their valuables as closely. He noticed a girl serving drinks and looking a bit harassed. Petite and smudged with hard work and constantly blowing strands of dark hair that had fallen loose from their ribbon tie out of her face. An unintentional elbow from a staggering patron upended the tray in her hands, sending mugs of ale splashing over the floor. No one paid any mind when a man, her employer, grabbed her roughly by the wrist and shouted something rude and degrading at her. Mouse saw her slight flinch. He knew that sort of flinch well. Knew what it was when your vision went white for a split second and your body shuddered in on itself because all your muscles and bones had learned well what kind of pain to expect when someone larger started shouting that way. The man didn't hit her. But he had before. There could be little doubt of that. She kept her gaze meekly lowered, but her answering voice was steady, and the man let her go back to her duties. She was left on her knees alternately gathering mugs and rubbing her wrist. Mouse watched all this quietly from his seat. Her eyes found him across the room. It was impossible to tell how old she was. She could've been as young as he was. She could've been a decade older or more. It was usual for her type to dismiss him out of hand as she was used to being dismissed. But she saw him in a seat meant for someone of higher quality than he, and there was intelligence and warning in her eyes. She shook her head almost imperceptibly. Not a good idea, whatever you're doing there. Mouse liked her immediately. He bowed his head to her with a brash smile. Good ideas are overrated. He leaned back in his chair, arms on armrests. Sure enough, it wasn't long before a low, gravelly voice sounded behind him. \"I believe you've found the wrong seat, boy.\" Mouse tilted his head back to look at the man. The same man who had no qualms about abusing a young lady in his employ. Obviously he was the owner, and obviously this tavern left him well enough off. His clothes fit well on his broad frame, and even if he was no handsome prince, he was well fed, and everyone within earshot was looking at them with baited breath fearing or anticipating a scene. Mouse smiled broadly. \"Is that so, my good man?\" he asked lazily. His ability to sound superior and educated was one of his best tricks. \"Well, I do apologize. It's so hard to know one's place these days. Tell me, my greasy friend, will this about cover it?\" He reached into his pouch. He still had some money, and he slapped four coins on the table. Easily double or even triple what a meal and a room would cost. It was all he had left, but no one else knew that. He hadn't planned on running a con. But what could he do having found such a suitable mark? Sorry, Lord. But I do expect You saw this coming. The man didn't answer. Clearly he hadn't expected that. Clearer still he didn't like it. Mouse raised his voice. \"A plate of whatever passes as your finest fare and something to drink, please. And double pay to any man here who can liven up this dead place with some music!\" Shouts went up as happy men scrambled for something to be used as an instrument. One man had a flute, another a dilapidated violin, and they began playing lively, uncoordinated melodies while other men used spoons and mugs to tap out unsteady if enthusiastic rhythms on the wood tables. Satisfied, Mouse looked up at the glowering tavern owner. He shooed the man off with a wave of the hand. \"Off you go.\" The man stretched a suddenly stiff neck, obviously wondering what exactly Mouse was but too afraid that perhaps Mouse really did have some high station and could do him harm to ask. In the end, he swiped up the money and went away, and it was very easy to embarrass men like that. Short moments later, there was a bruised wrist setting food and drink before him. \"You ain't come from around here,\" she said, just loud enough for him to hear over the music. \"What might I call you, Milord?\" \"You could call me the Pied Piper for all my capacity for attracting the attention of rats.\" He jutted his chin in the direction of the tavern owner. \"Seems to me it's high time that one was led to the river.\" She raised a pointed eyebrow. \"Weren't the Pied Piper the villain in the story?\" \"If he was, he was misrepresented,\" Mouse dismissed the idea. \"Way I heard it told, he ended up leading all the children away. Causing misery and ruin to all the townsfolk.\" \"Ah.\" He held up a finger. \"He led the children away from their parents,\" he corrected. \"Who, according to the story, were dishonest, cheating abusers. No, no, all the songs and poems have it wrong. I'm sure he rescued the children. Valiantly. And led all of them to a new life free of rats and neglect and violence. Of course the parents condemned his methods. They had to in order to cover their own liability. It's all a matter of perspective, you see.\" Under grime and sweat and work, her brown eyes sparkled with amusement that tugged the corners of her lips. It was an indulgent, almost-smile that reminded him suddenly and painfully of Isabeau. Mouse realized this girl would've been lovely if she'd been allowed to be. \"Well,\" she said. \"I would say good luck to you then, O valiant little Piper. But I wouldn't try my tune here 'f I were you. The rats might follow you to the river, but they're like as not to drown you 'stead of the other way around.\" \"Well, thank you,\" he said back with all kinds of impressive confidence. \"But I like to think I'm a pretty strong swimmer.\" It was a risky con, but not one he hadn't pulled before. The raucous music led to dancing, which was usually the case, and the resulting chaos always added good cover. He went around, endearing himself to the tavern patrons, telling unlikely stories, and lifting coins off giggling, liquored-up men he'd then redistribute to them cheerily and publicly to wild applause. It was funny how people could be so riotously happy to receive their own stolen money. When he had everyone pretty well convinced that he was the most generous stranger ever to grace their presence, he began stowing the coins he swiped. And when he'd amassed quite a purse, it was a simple thing to cry thief. He'd accuse the surly tavern owner with no basis of proof whatsoever, and the drunken masses who'd sworn their loyalty to Mouse in their grateful stupor would rough the tavern man up until they realized he was innocent. It was poor justice for an abused tavern girl, but it was something and all he could do. And at least the man, sore from his own beating, would likely not bother hitting her for awhile. Besides that, Mouse could leave her a few coins that might give her more options before he left in the morning for a bigger town. It worked almost perfectly. Except for when the owner grabbed him in a fit of strangled rage. It wouldn't have been so bad. He had the drunkards to come to his aid after all. But there was the lamp knocked off its base in the struggle. There was the flame that caught in a pool of dribbled whiskey and raced along rivers of spilled ale. There were shouts and rushing, and all at once the fire was overwhelming. Men were running, and everything was very suddenly desperate. Mouse tried to run. The fists gripped into his shirt shook him hard, and he couldn't hear what the tavern owner said over all the shouting and the flames. But he saw anger and eyes that reflected fire, and when he was thrown he crashed into a table, and his skull cracked into surprisingly solid craftsmanship. After that, all there was left was to wake up. And he had. Mouse blinked his tearing eyes, peering through smoke. He pushed himself to a crouching position, and somehow every part of him ached. He coughed, and it hurt so much . \"Is anyone there?\" he called weakly. There was no one. He was alone. \"Well, Lord,\" he said around his scratchy throat. \"It appears we have a face-to-face meeting on the ledger for tonight. Sorry, I wasn't aware.\" It hurt to breathe. He looked around, fear pulling him past pain, pulling him past everything that wasn't surviving . His heart thudded heavily in his chest, pounding in his temples. Flames surrounded him. There was no way to a door, to a window, that wasn't blocked by walls of fire. He flinched and fought not to scream as a ceiling beam fell and crashed into the floor too near where he was. \"I'm afraid I don't look my best. I'll have to ask to be excused from that meeting, if You please.\" And silently, Help me, Lord; help me, Lord; please help me! It was a miracle he hadn't burned in his sleep. Surely he hadn't woken up just to be cooked now. He looked around wildly, for some way. Any way. There was only fire. Fire that burned everything. Fire. Fire…that's it. He looked at the great stone fireplace. Fireplaces didn't burn. Fireplaces were designed not to burn. And it was close. It was so close. He heaved the table-top he'd been lying under on top of the flames that blocked his path and hurriedly skipped over it. He grabbed a poker from the rack by the hearth and speared out the burning wood inside the fireplace, kicking it away. Mouse ducked into the cramped space. It was hot. Like an oven. And the air was bad. His arms and legs and chest were already feeling heavy, trying to convince him to just curl up and sleep. That he'd be fine if he could just sleep for a minute more. If he could sleep, all this would go away, and maybe he would wake up and be back at Navarre's manor, and everything would be... No. If he fell asleep, he would die. There was nothing else but that. There was no Navarre and no safety and no home. None of that was real. A man could die from bad air as quick as he could from a fire if not quicker. That's what was real. He blinked rapidly his weighty eyelids and coughed. Come on, Mouse. Come on, Mouse. He looked up where stones rose up along the narrow chimney. Just up there, through clouds of smoke, he thought he could see the stars. Come on, you can do it. The bricks were rough and hot and tore at the blistering pads of his fingers. \"This will be fine. It'll be just like Aquila,\" he thought optimistically. Then he remembered how Aquila was terrible . And it at least hadn't been on fire. ","Summary":" A/N: If you're looking for something that is true-to-period, this is not for you. At all. I don't d"},{"Movie":"National Lampoon","Title":"The Annual Faber Athletics Festival","Author":"Yellowfur","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4393290","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Animal House. Guess what, boys and girls?! I made some more Animal House fanfiction for all of you! Because I'm such a nice person. Anyways, you may have seen this (probably not though) in a fic previously titled Futile and Stupid Gestures . Originally I was going to publish all of my Animal House fanfics in a collection, but I decided I'd prefer to publish them eventually. It's easier on the readers' brains to separate them, so they don't have to figure what the difference would be between a new fic starting and just a new chapter of the same fic. Besides, they get more attention this way. And I'm kind of a whore for that kind of thing. I also decided to separate the events for this into different chapters. With all the events on one thing, it was surprisingly long. So yeah. This is the Faber Athletics Festival fanfiction I talked about in my profile. Finally here after months of me saying it would be... and you being indifferent. I'm basically rambling now. Time for content. It was on a warm May evening that Hoover got an idea. Hoover got a terrible, awful idea. But did he listen to Boon? No he did not. It happened when he was walking along to the cafeteria, a nutritious dinner in mind. It had come to his attention that he hadn't had sufficient protein that day. Though he does not always perfectly follow the recommended amount of nutrients one is supposed to consume each day, he makes an honest effort. This is much unlike his Delta buddies, who consider something smelling okay a synonym of nutritious. The yellow flyer had it printed in huge letters. The Annual Faber Athletic Festival! -- In the foyer of Delta House, Otter looked at the sheet that Hoover had presented him with. He looked to Hoover, then back to sheet. \"So what do you think?\" Hoover asked eagerly, hands folded. Otter laughed. \"Oh, come on! I think it would be a good opportunity to redeem ourselves! In case you haven't noticed, Otter, we haven't exactly been in Dean Wormer's good graces lately.\" Hoover took the flyer back defensively. Otter continued to laugh. \"And I think it may benefit us all if you encouraged the others to participate, Otter.\" The laughing wasn't showing any signs of stopping. \"There may be a prize.\" Laughing until he explodes. \"You can show everyone how much better we are than the Omegas.\" Shameless laughing. \"Victory sex will surely ensue.\" \"So when's the tournament?\" Otter snatched the flyer back. \"In a few days, but we can still sign up. There are some events that require us to say who exactly is signing up for that specific sport in our team.\" \"Like dodgeball and skeet shooting. Skeet shooting. What the hell is that?\" \"You shoot at clay targets.\" \"Well, they don't have golf. I'll do that instead.\" \"I don't think they're all that similar.\" \"Nonsense! They're both precision-based, aren't they? And they both involve smashing targets, don't they?\" \"But-\" Otter already was writing something on the sheet with a cheap ballpoint pen. \"Eric… Stratton… for… skeet shooting. Well, Hoover, my man, you just sit back and let me handle the rest of this, alright?\" \"Alright, but when you're done I'd like to-\" \"Sorry, can't talk, have to go deliver this to the dean's office!\" And on that note, he was out the door, leaving Hoover with a head rush. -- That night, Otter attempted to explain to Boon the pros of participating in this event. They were in Boon's room, which was musty with… something (cigarette smoke? Pot smoke? Dust? Cologne?) It was not going well, considering that Boon had the nerve to bring up logic (hissss!). \"There is absolutely no point to us participating in this,\" Boon said, staring at the sheet explaining the rules and requirements. The bottom had been ripped off. \"Well, yes there is. I've already entered us in. We've officially made an appointment. You should learn to respect that.\" \"How does that even work?\" Boon shook his head. \"How do you sign 'us' up? As a team? You had to create a team before you entered?\" \"Looks like it.\" \"Well, what the hell is that about?\" \"Um, I don't know, dramatic license?\" Otter tried. \"What does one wear when working out?\" \"Ummm… pants?\" he managed lamely. \"See? You don't even know! I haven't actually done physical exercise in so long. Neither have you. We're going to suck.\" \"Don't be such a pessimist…\" Otter's voice trailed off. He was running out of points. Not that he had many to begin with. \"I'm not being a pessimist, I'm being a realist!\" Out of the blue, Otter shot up from where he was sitting on the bed. \"Isn't it worse to have tried something and failed then to have never tried at all?\" \"…Not when public humiliation's-\" \" I do not regret the things I have done, but those I did not do! \" Boon sighed. \"Okay. You know what?\" He handed the paper to Otter. \"I'll come to this thing. I'll give it a go. Maybe Katy wants to come…\" \"Just a 'go'? When at first you don't succeed, try, try, and try again!\" \" Justshutup .\" -- The Annual Faber Athletics Festival Gregg Marmalard, Doug Neidermeyer, Chip Diller, and twelve other members of the Omega household were stretching and doing other warm-up exercises. In a perfectly organized fashion, they stood exactly elbow-length from each other. There were various other teams competing, including a few fraternities besides them. The other frats could only watch and feel their jealousy swell at their stretching of their supreme, tall, and toned college boy bodies. They were all in some manner of workout clothing, mostly clean sweats and matching white t-shirts. Standing as far away from the Omegas as possible were the Deltas. They stood out because, unlike every other student there, the only people dressed in what could possibly be called workout clothes were the pledges (and Hoover). \"I thought this was an athletics festival!\" Pinto said to Boon. \"It is,\" \"You're wearing jeans! Otter's wearing khakis!\" \"… So?\" Otter asked. \"How do you expect to run in those?!\" Boon made a running-in-place motion. \"Like that… duh.\" \"No… I meant… uh… never mind.\" One of the Deltas, Hardbar, looked around. \"Wait, you said there would be beer!\" Bluto was walking towards Pinto, Boon, and Otter. \"Yeah, where's the brew?\" Interesting question, considering that he was already drinking from a hip flask. Shouts arose all around them. \"Yeah, where's the beer?!\" \"I want a beer!\" \"You said there would be beer!\" \"Where am I?!\" \"What did Otter say about beer?!\" \"My head itches!\" \"My stomach itches!\" \"This is my first time outside in sixteen days, I came out for the BEER!\" \"Okay, guys! Settle down!\" Otter demanded, unnoticing or uncaring that there were many onlookers frowning disapprovingly. \"Look, I will see to it that everybody in this house will get their own six-pack…\" Cheers. \"…Should we win the tournament!\" Shouts of anger. A few beer cans hit Otter (proving that they were now empty-handed and indeed needed beer). Dean Wormer took the microphone at the podium onstage. \"Faber Collegians, it's an honor to welcome you to the Annual Faber Sports Festival! We have a large variety of events today, and I'm certain that there's something for everybody here today…\" He trailed off for a minute. One part of the crowd of competitors stood out. What the hell were they wearing? It didn't look anything like the exercise-friendly clothes he saw on his other students. Polos, jeans, sweaters, button-downs, flip-flops, what the hell? Out of the blue, it hit Dean Wormer just as he noticed a familiar smug face in the center of the group. \" STRATTON! \" Feedback made everybody cringe. Once he recovered, Otter waved in a way suggesting that he was wholly unaware of the hate being directed at him in Dean Wormer's stare. Dean Wormer cleared his throat as he caught himself. \"Mm-hmm, yes, well, let the games begin…\"[Chapter 2] This was fun to write. This chapter is an example of mainly why I wrote this fic: because I figure the Deltas know nothing about this kind of thing and it would therefore be humorous to force it upon them. Did I spell Neidermeyer right? Event Number One: Skeet Shooting The first event took place in the Faber College courtyard. Though both Otter and Neidermeyer were on the field at the same time armed with guns, enough space and witnesses ensured that they would not be making targets out of each other. Otter stared at the stations where clay disks, targets, were going to be shot out of. This is a nice gun. Nice double-barreled shotgun. Alright. I can do this. Shooting a gun can't be that much different than golf. Same, um, concept. Yes. A whistle was blown. A clay disk shot out of the station and whizzed by Otter's head. OH SHIT! This is nothing like golf! Neidermeyer missed his first target. He was too busy watching Otter, hate faintly burning behind his otherwise dead eyes. He watched Otter glance from his gun to the station in shock. That idiot can't even fire a gun. All I have to do is concentrate a little bit and winning shouldn't be difficult. Meanwhile, Otter shook his head in an effort to clear it. Okay. Can't keep standing here. I should at least try. To shoot. Wow. I've never shot anything. The next station shot a clay disk. This time Otter actually shot a bullet. He yelped and fell backwards. \"Oh my GOD!\" His first time using a gun like that was a shock to his system. Nothing. Like. Golf. Neidermeyer laughed out loud. \"What's the matter, Stratton? Can't handle using a big boy's gun?\" He enjoyed another laugh. It was really funny, after all. He fell over! What a loser! It seemed Douglas C. Neidermeyer was the bigger man today (except for the fact that he just missed two shots). Or he was the bigger man, until he turned to back to Otter to see the shotgun aimed at his face, Otter seeming to be putting a lot of concentration in his positioning. Neidermeyer jumped a few inches back. \"…YOU PUT THAT DOWN, YOU CRAZY BRUTE!\" Out of reflex (not really, this was just an excuse), he nearly shot Otter (missing only by a couple inches and putting an end to Otter's laughter). Dean Wormer was shouting expletives at both of the scared-shitless boys. Although Otter didn't win, he had gotten Neidermeyer disqualified, and that was the next-best thing.[Chapter 3] I don't like this one. It's not funny. You tell me what you think. Event Number Two: Baton Passing The simple rules of the relay had been changed especially for Delta's part in the race. Nothing big, really, the Deltas had just replaced the baton with a bottle of beer. It was encouragement for the racers; they were allowed to take a swig if they ran at a good pace without spilling any (an impossible task, what, with them getting more inebriated with every sip, but it actually improved their chances of winning). D-Day arrived at the second section of their part of the track. He had gone at what he was proud to say was a fast speed and had successfully pulled their place up to first (a surprise to everyone that Delta House, of all teams, would be first in anything for any amount of time). But he knew that Bluto was next and may negatively impact their place, so starting him out in first was needed. D-Day took one last swig before handing off the beer. \"Alright, Bluto, it's all you! Run like the wind!\" And, an even more shocking surprise, Bluto did run quite fast. He was probably taking more than his share, but that was okay. Even though it was… way more than his share… Meanwhile, Pinto stood slightly crouched, eager to do his part. And why not? It wasn't like helping his house win this contest would be a bad thing. It would get him a little good credit with more people than just the other Deltas, and besides, competing with them was much more fun than competing in his P.E. classes in high school. Just take this event, for example. Beer instead of a baton! Genius! he thought. And I get some too! Bluto arrived and was hesitant to give up the drink. Eventually he did. Pinto broke out into a run, but stopped short when he realized… \"Hey, there's no beer left!!\"[Chapter 4] I like this one a lot more than the last one. It's funny because they suck! Ha ha ha! No, kidding. But yeah, I do like this one more. But don't take my word for this kind of thing - the worst crackfic ever would be good in my eyes if Boon and Otter were in it. Event Number Three: Jump Rope \"Now what do you suppose this is for?\" Otter asked as he lifted up a rope with what appeared to be chunks of plastic on either end. \"That's… a jump rope,\" Hoover answered, walking up to where Otter and Boon were standing out on the paved area of the courtyard. Onlookers of the festival were watching on the bleachers as the various teams were jumping rope. \"Oh, is that what it is? That was my first guess, but I had assumed that since the women aren't competing today that they wouldn't have this, um, event today.\" \"You know…\" Boon started, taking the rope from Otter and awkwardly holding it by some random part of the rope. \"I've never actually tried to jump rope.\" He nodded at the Omegas, who were trying to look noble and manly as they hopped, as if this was as classic a test of a man's strength as ripping a phonebook. \"See, they're doing it. It can't be that hard.\" \"Well, go on, Boon. Give it a try!\" Hoover urged. Boon grasped the handles and flipped it over his head. \"Is that… what I do? That's not what they're doing. They're… jumping, am I supposed to do that? Oh yeah, duh.\" He tried jumping over it when it came around to his feet and succeeded. \"What the...?! How is that challenging? Pfft, I can do this.\" He did it twice in a row, then paused again. He started up again, not pausing. \"Hey, once you get going this is actually kind of fu-\" It got caught under his feet after the fourth jump. \"Fu- oops-uck! Oh.\" \"Oh, that doesn't look hard at all! Let me try!\" Otter took the rope. He imitated Boon's movements and succeeded, until he reached five jumps and the rope hit his foot. \"…Well! That… didn't go quite as well as I'd expected. I guess it takes, um, more skill than I… expected?...\" \"Don't try to go the charismatic way!\" Boon accused. He thrust his finger towards Otter. \"You failed! Admit it!\" \"I did better than you did!\" Meanwhile, Hoover had gotten used to the position of the rope. He tried the jumping too. He did far better than the other two, nabbing a record-breaking seven . As they all took turns trying to outdo one another by one or so, Gregg Marmalard stopped jumping after reaching fifty and watched them with Neidermeyer. Neidermeyer was just scowling, as usual. Gregg shook his head, one part amusement and two parts I'm disappointed in society .[Chapter 5] This one isn't very funny either. Dammit! What's wrong with me? Bluto rocks. I'm ruining him. Event Number Four: Hurdles When the whistle shrieked, the boys took off. In a fine row, they all jumped over the first hurdle, some with a sloppier jump than others. Ever the non-conformist, Bluto went crashing through the first hurdle with some kind of battle cry. The other Deltas watched from the sidelines. Pinto was the first to comment, with \"Looks like we lost again.\" \"Yeah, but you have to admit that this is pretty entertaining!\" Boon replied. \"I don't think it's very funny,\" This comment came from Katy, who sat next to Boon on the bleachers. Boon turned to his attention to Babs Jensen, Mandy Pepperidge, and some other carbon copy blondes that were doing a bit of cheerleading (only a bit, because GOD FORBID they actually exert themselves). \"Say, why aren't you doing any cheerleading?\" She laughed. \"Riiight. Can you picture me jumping around with pom-poms in a short little skirt?\" \"… Yes, I can.\" (A lie; he was actually happy that his girlfriend was not another hairspray zombie.) Bluto ended up finishing the race first, but coming in last place. He shoulder-checked some poor pledge from the Jewish house to do so.[Chapter 6] But I do however like this one a lot. And it stars Boon! See?! What'd I tell you? I'm weird like that. I'm just obsessed with the little guy. Event Number Five: Dodgeball \"This is peculiar,\" Boon observed, mumbling to himself as he stared at the opposing team. His team was… well, it was Team Boon, considering that he was the only one on the side of the gray cement wall of the Science Building. The opposing team was comprised only of fifteen eager Omegas. \"How did that happen?!\" Hoover glanced back at forth between the painfully uneven teams. Then he turned around to face Otter. \"…Otter…?!\" Otter bit his lip. \"I didn't think it was going to come out quite like this.\" \" What did you do?! \" Boon shouted at him, clutching his only weapon of defense (a lone red rubber ball) for dear life. \"I signed you up for dodgeball, this much is true, but I would have assumed they were going to even out the teams!\" Otter said. \"I heard that they were going to divide up the dodgeball teams with an equal amount of the already formed teams. The ones made before the dodgeball game started. I guess they did make one house per team, but… that's not fair in this situation…\" \"Did you only sign me up for dodgeball?!\" \"…Yes.\" \"WHY?!\" \"Because you're short-\" \"BECAUSE I'M SHORT? ARE YOU CRAZY?! \"-And therefore hardest to hit.\" \"YOU IDIOT! \" \"Excuse me!\" Hoover got up and darted over to where Dean Wormer was with his wife (who was switching between chain-smoking and taking a sip from a hip flask; a lovely combination). \"Excuse me, Dean Wormer, but look at the teams! They're not fair! Boon is outnumbered!\" Dean Wormer, stretching his acting skills as much as he could, forced a little start as if he just noticed Hoover's presence. \"What? What's that, son? Oh, go have a seat! The event's about to start!\" \"But, Dean Wormer-\" \" HAVE A SEAT! \" \"EEP yes sir!\" Hoover went over to his team. Back on that side of the bleachers, D-Day and Bluto kept their heads bowed in regards to their as-good-as-dead comrade. Otter kept his eyes on the team, biting his thumbnail but looking half-worried, half-amused. Pinto was white as a sheet and Flounder had his face in his hands and was shaking as if he was crying. Katy only looked slightly concerned, as she seemed to be the only one recalling that this was indeed just dodgeball , the balls were red rubber, and there was therefore only so much bodily harm that can result from this. Dean Wormer had a look of pretend pity on his face. In reality he was thinking Schoenstein pinball! Come on, you rapscallion, if you can dodge expulsion, you can dodge a ball or twelve! Katy was thinking I wonder if I left the oven on. Mrs. Wormer was thinking I don't know what that red-haired boy was talking about… ten versus six isn't all THAT uneven… She struggled to focus on the spot below the bleachers. Gregg was genuinely smiling and thinking I wonder where it hurts most to get hit with a dodgeball. Besides the groin, because that wouldn't be fair. As if the nature of their number of team members was fair in the first place. Chip Diller was forcing a smile and thinking I hate my life. Boon wasn't bothering to try and force a smile and was thinking I wonder where it would hurt Otter most to get shoved with a hot poker. Besides the groin, because that's what I'll be hitting first. The next sound made was a whistle. The next fifteen sounds made were as follows: WHAM WHAM WHAM WHAM WHAM WHAM WHAM WHAM WHAM WHAM WHAM CRACK WHAM WHAM WHAM. \"I wonder what broke,\" Pinto mumbled. He had covered his eyes. \"His pride,\" Otter answered.[Chapter 7] Bluto's full of it today, folks! Run! Run! Run! Aaaand the line breaks that the site gives me in the document manager still don't work. Neither does making my own little breaks of hyphens. Really weird how something so simple makes the damned thing have a little attack, huh? Yay, I hate you, FF . net! Event Number Six: Fifty-Yard Dash It was the first dash and Stork was up. \"Is this is a good idea?\" Hoover asked Otter. \"Can he, um, does he know the rules?\" Otter shrugged. \"He said he wanted to do it. I have no idea what happens when you say 'no' to Stork. I didn't fancy finding out today.\" \"But do you think he can even run ?\" Before Otter could answer, Bluto interjected with a nugget of inebriated insight. \"HEY! Listen, I don't want to hear you badmouthing him anymore! You hear?! I've good got, I, uh, huh? I mean, I've got a good feeling about him in my gut! And you?\" \"I don't mean any offense, Bluto, I just-\" \" You just don't know . So have a little faith in him, AL-FUCKING-RIGHT?\" Hoover blinked, then nodded. D-Day, also there, just shook his head in disappointment at Hoover. The runners got into position. The flaxen Omega competing in this one, who was lined up next to Stork, turned to his other side and exchanged a glance with a guy from the Less-Preppy Jock house. In the glance, the Omega nodded at Stork and smirked in a ' Man, check out this freak! Go us! 'way. At the whistle, the runners took off. The Omega lagged because he was staring in open-mouthed shock at Stork, who was running at one-and-a-half times the speed of the next fastest runner. Otter's face turned to one of total shock, similar to basically everyone watching the race. Bluto nearly did a spit take, but caught himself before doing the cliché, forcing the beer back down his throat, resulting in him letting violent choking noises and rolling around on the bleachers a bit before his airway was free of alcohol. By the time he lifted himself up again, Stork had long since won. \"What the HELL just happened?!\" D-Day demanded. \"My reflexes kicked in…\" Bluto answered. \"No, in the race!\" \"I have no idea. Karma? Is Stork a good deed doer?\" \"You mean a philanthropist?\" Hoover said. \"I thought those were Good Samurai or something…\" Otter said. \"Shut up.\" \"Wait, I thought you were convinced of Stork's talents already,\" Otter raised an eyebrow in Bluto's general direction. \"Why are you so surprised?\" \"I didn't think he'd actually do well. You were badmouthing him, though. I wasn't going to sit there and let you do that.\" \"But…! I didn't mean to badmouth him! Honest!\" Hoover whined, now desperate to clear his name. Otter smirked as he joined in to torment Hoover. \"No, I could see it in your eyes. You were badmouthing him.\" \" Badmouthing !\" Bluto echoed. D-Day was long gone. \" Badmouthing !\" Otter repeated. \" BADMOUTHING !!\" Bluto again. Hoover cried out in agony. Stork stood on the track where he had stopped a couple of minutes ago, slack-jawed and unaware of the bleachers chaos.[Chapter 8] Hey, hey! Good idea for a spin-off: Fun with Bluto and Pinto! No, wait! That's a horrible idea! Have I told you how much fun it is to write Katy? This applies more to other fanfics of mine, but she is fun to write for... much as I strongly dislike her. It's like writing from the point of view of yourself if you walk into Pee Wee's Playhouse or something. Event Number Seven: Three-legged Race \"Have you ever done this before?\" Pinto asked Bluto as he tied their ankles together, creating the supposed three leg effect. \"It's actually kinda fun. It's for kids, but still…\" \"So the goal is to get past the finish line before the other teams?\" Bluto cared enough about this event that he left his beer back on the bleachers (a truly heartfelt gesture). \"Yup!\" Pinto smiled for encouragement. \"But remember, it's all about teamwork. We have to try to walk and control our, uh, our middle leg… I don't know what it is… together. So, do it slowly but carefully…\" \"Slowly but carefully…\" Bluto repeated Pinto's words as if they were some sort of mantra. \"…And remember, it's about teamwork. Don't do anything to throw the other person out of rhythm.\" Satisfied with these tips, Pinto turned around. Bluto stared at him with blank eyes and repeated various quotes of Pinto's explanation. \"It's all about teamwork. Slowly but carefully. Together. Slowly but carefully. Don't do anything to throw the other person out of rhythm. Teamwork. Teamwork. Teamwork. Slowly, carefully. Rhythm. Together. Teamwork.\" Truth be told, this was starting to creep Pinto out, but he didn't have to suffer long, as they were then given the signal to begin the race… And right on cue, Bluto took off without waiting for Pinto to do so much as lift his leg. Bluto went running across to the finish line, dragging a screaming Pinto across the ground. Pinto scrabbled the ground desperately, but Bluto never paused even once, despite Pinto's many efforts to get up. Meanwhile, back on the bleachers, Katy, Otter, and Boon watched the spectacle. Katy just sighed, thankful that she had not put away her first aid kit as she watched Pinto get scraped across the gravel track. Boon stared at Otter with a malevolent glare. Otter said uneasily, refusing to make eye contact, \"Stop staring at me like that, the bandage on your nose makes you look freakish…\"[Chapter 9] This whole thing was co-writer/beta avatarjk137's idea. We decided that D-Day is Cool. And we should make that apparent. Did we mention he's Cool? And Neidermeyer isn't? Event Number Eight: Fencing D-Day and Neidermeyer, the only two participating in fencing, where busy putting their equipment on. Neidermeyer was putting on the standard thick white jacket and basket-like helmet-mask. D-Day's was similar, but black for no apparent reason. \"I almost pity Neidermeyer,\" Otter said with a smirk. (He didn't. At all.) \"I had no idea D-Day was into fencing,\" Boon commented. \"It's best not to think too hard about D-Day.\" Neidermeyer struck a perfect little pose, obviously fancying himself some kind of professional. D-Day didn't strike a pose; he's too cool for that. When they were given the signal to begin, Neidermeyer was of course the first to move about. Thinking he was going to make some sort of elaborate spectacle out of humiliating this pathetic Delta in front of their peers, he danced around and tried to make fake stabs. But when he got close enough D-Day simply sliced along the padding on Neidermeyer's chest. His tight-assed opponent froze in shock. D-Day took this freezing as an invitation to make two more slices, forming a neat little 'D' on Neidermeyer's chest. Major style points. Neidermeyer brought up his blade in a surprise attack, his face burning with embarrassment. D-Day smoothly parried and sliced twice across Neidermeyer's belt line causing the Hitler youth's pants to fall down. Now angered, Neidermeyer tried to take another step forward, only succeeding in adding insult to injury when D-Day was able to defect his downward slice and send Neidermeyer's weapon flying off. The other participants, sitting on the bench, all looked immensely worried. One of them, a pledge from the Nerd House, started crying. \" HA HA HA! \" Otter laughed with showy exaggeration. \" LOOOSERRRR! \" Boon shouted, pointing at Neidermeyer. They continued making hideously loud and comically exaggerated catcalls. \" BOOOOOO! \" \" D-DAY IS KING! \" \" NEIDERMEYER SUUUUCKS! \" \" BWAAAHHHH! \" Flounder looked on, fascinated and impressed by this expression of Delta spirit. Hesitantly, he added, \"Neidermeyer sucks!\" Boon and Otter turned to him, both with similar frowns on their faces. Boon was the first to address the pledge. \"Hey, Flounder, keep it down over there.\" \"Don't be so immature!\" Mayor DePasto looked at the scene with a stern look. That boy is dangerous. I'll call up one of my cement mixer buddies… he'd make a great gargoyle for the church… D-Day began to walk up the bleachers, seemingly uncaring of his victory. Flounder watched him. \"I wish I could be as cool as D-Day!\" Boon laughed. \"You will never succeed.\" (Insert here the sound of Flounder's confidence and heart breaking into a few dozen pieces.)[Chapter 10] Yayyyyy same tired concept! But this time you have a little devious Delta fun. (-dances little jig-) Go you. Go you. ... Frankly, I'm surprised Hoover, Boon, and Pinto did as well as they did. Oh wait, I'm the writer! I shouldn't be surprised! Oh my. Anyways, enough of my ramblings, soon they're going to be a s long as this chapter (the next two are biggies in comparison to the rest of the fic). Event Number Nine: Pole Vault Bluto was totally up for the pole vault. He picked up the pole and ran toward his target. As he reached it, he let out a battle cry similar to one of the ones he had earlier. \"RAAAAAAAAGGHHHH!\" He was still screaming as he planted the pole on the ground, pushed up with his feet, attempted to lift himself off the ground, and failed miserably, thumping back down on his back. Hoover was next. Getting off to a better start then Bluto, but still not having enough strength, he was able to lift himself a little higher before embarrassing himself, landing right on his ass. Boon was actually able to get himself totally off the ground, but ended up smacking right into the other pole. Pinto, following the trend of doing just a little bit better, got over the bar, but landed on his back (and just sort of lay there for a while). Bluto wanted to go again but was denied this request. So when it was Gregg Marmalard's turn, to occupy himself, Bluto decided to whack his pole out from under him. They lost the event.[Chapter 11] Event number nine was really sad, huh, boys and girls? Boon and Otter rock because- uh, they're cruel? I don't know. They rock. Shut up. Here is Chip Diller. Chip Diller is about to snap. Won't that be fun? Heh heh, yeah. I can't wait. Oh, hey, come here. Come closer. Come closer! (-wave wave beckon-) Closerrrr! (-lean-) You know Gregg Marmalard? I think he might be gay. Event Number Ten: Tug-of-War Once again, the Deltas were facing the Omegas. It had to have been fate (or maybe the fact that at this point no other team wanted to deal with the Deltas, but let's go with fate; it sounds better.) While the Omegas prepped about, Flounder looked up and down the line of Deltas who scurried about like ants, either arguing about who would be in what position or making some attempt to anger an Omega. Flounder was trying to decide at what length he should stand and tug on the rope. He didn't think they would want him up front, so he decided to go for some inconspicuous spot in the middle. Just as he picked a spot, Boon and Otter approached him. Otter grabbed his shoulder and began leading the pledge away. \"Heyyy, Flounder, I have a great idea as to where you could be of the most help to us!\" \"Yeah, you're really important to this competition, buddy!\" Boon added. \"It's the perfect spot for you.\" \"Gee, thanks, guys!\" Flounder let them lead him towards the back of the small crowd, feeling utterly loved and needed. These guys are awesome! I haven't had such good friends since I was in elementary school. They care about me more than my brother does. I feel like I'm worth something! They've encouraged me!! They stopped at the end of the line of rope, where it was knotted into a circle about the diameter of Flounder's body. Otter gestured to the end of the rope. \"We need you back here, Flounder. You have to be at the end.\" Flounder's usual confused expression popped up. \"Why?\" Boon threw the circle around him. \"Because you're the fattest, that's why!!\" Otter nodded. \"We need you to anchor us.\" They left a traumatized Flounder behind and passed Bluto and D-Day, who were having their own very serious discussion. \"Did you take care of it?\" D-Day asked. \"Yup; spread the lye all over their end of the rope. They'll need skin grafts after this.\" \"What'd you do with the leftover stuff?\" \"Uh… let's see, what did I do with it… hmmm…\" (You could almost hear Bluto's impaired brain gears struggling to click.) \"Uhhh, nowhere important.\" Now D-Day was a bit worried. \"Are you sure? That stuff can burn you, man.\" \"Look, if I put it somewhere liable , I'm sure I would have remembered by now!\" \"Hey guys, keep it down and get in line!\" Hoover ordered (but not too loudly, because that wouldn't be very Hoover-like). \"We're about to start!\" Hoover was at the front of their line. He had to be at the front because he was the only one who could be trusted not to physically attack the Omegas. \"Hey, Hoover. Marmalard's in a perfect position for you to kick him in the balls, isn't he?\" Bluto pointed out, obviously trying to tempt Hoover. Hoover gave him a dirty look. \"Just saying,\" When the whistle sounded, both sides immediately began pulling. The Deltas were quickly losing but not admitting defeat. But it wasn't enough for Neidermeyer. \"PULL HARDER, YOU DAMN MAGGOTS! ESPECIALLY YOU, PLEDGES!\" \"YEAH, OMEGA PLEDGIES!\" Boon agreed. \"PULL HARDER OR YOU'LL BE ON THE BOTTOM AGAIN TONIGHT!!\" \"OUUUCH!\" Hoover dropped the rope and waved his burnt hands around. D-Day looked at Hoover in shock as Hoover jumped and shouted about. \"BLUTO, WHAT SIDE OF THE ROPE DID YOU SPREAD THE LYE ON?!\" Actually, he should be happy that Bluto did a bad enough job that only Hoover was afflicted. Bluto ignored him. Or maybe he didn't even realize he was being spoken to. \"HEAVE-HO! PULL, DAMMIT!\" \"I'm surprised we've lasted this long!\" Pinto grunted to Flounder, who was behind him. \"…I'm in pain…!\" Flounder managed. Bluto, now in the front of line due to Hoover's running off, realized that they were so close to losing that it was unrealistic and cliché that they were lasting so long. Marmalard was right in front of him and in such a perfect position too, with his legs spread apart. Could you honestly expect Bluto to resist temptation? WHAM. No, you could not. Groaning, Marmalard dropped to his side and rolled around a bit, clutching his groin. Dean Wormer was practically having a heart attack. His face turned red as he yelled into the microphone. \"YOU LOSE, DELTAS! YOU LOSE THE TUG-OF-WAR, YOU BRATS!!\" Wormer continued shouting into the microphone, but honestly, nobody was listening to him anymore. Just as the Omegas began to put the rope down, the Deltas tugged and pulled the little flag over the line. \"We wiiiiinnnn!\" One of them called out. The others cheered. \"You idiots, you're disqualified!\" Chip Diller shouted. \" We won! You lost!\" \"Yeah, but we're happy!\" Bluto said with an oblivious smile. Chip Diller gasped. He looked down the row of Deltas. They were all smiling or congratulating each other. Damn you all. Damn you, Delta House. DAMN YOU TO HELL!! FUCK YOU!! FUCK YOOOOUUUU!! Bluto stared as on the outside, it only looked like Chip Diller's face was twitching. He needs a beer. Bluto held out a bottle of beer (on his person this entire time). Chip Diller froze and looked at it in shock. The man who he had just mentally cursed so much was offering him a drink. Bluto wiggled the bottle a bit in impatience. Chip Diller reached out, hesitant, shrinking back his hand a bit. Then he finally took it and stared at it. He looked at Bluto in disbelief; he couldn't remember the last time he had been shown so much compassion. \"I didn't spike it, just drink it. I'd hate to see it go to waste. I'd probably kick your ass.\" Chip Diller felt tears gather in his eyes. He desperately searched his mind for some way he could express his gratitude. But he couldn't, he just couldn't. He felt like he was a human again, not just Omega cattle. He was now considering obeying the man who had made Chip Diller a little more alive at that moment. But just as he began to try to open the beer, Otter zipped in front of him, snatched it away from him, and opened it. He toasted with Bluto (yes, he had another beer. Where he gets these is a mystery.) \"Yeah, we won!!\" Otter chugged the beer. \"I knew we could do it, except when we couldn't. Say, what's wrong with him?\" He gestured to Chip Diller, who was frozen in shock and twitching and shaking violently. Bluto shrugged. \"He's slow.\"[Chapter 12] This took too long. :( The scary thing is that my cowriter/beta avatarjk137 and I now use these DIY Omegas (Omega OCs) rather frequently. Wait, that's not scary, it's just annoying! Speaking of avatar, he's the one who included the \"four is death\" bit. It has something to do with Japanese characters. Don't ask me how Otter knows this... I don't think he does... I bet he just decided four would be death today. To spite Boon. They're the best of friends. I don't know anything about people from Philadelphia. Anyways, it's the last chapter. I sincerely hope you enjoyed this. At least sort of. A little bit? Come on. You're at the last chapter aren't you? You must have enjoyed it a little bit. Come on, admit it. You can trust me. Except for the fact that you CAN'T! Hah. I refuse to apologize for the raping line. Final Event! Table Tennis Tournament \"I have taken the liberty of setting up our teams,\" Otter said, in a way suggesting that you better be giving him a pat on the back or at least looking at him in an admiring fashion. \"Pinto and Flounder, you two are together because you're freshman pledges; therefore, nobody else wants to play with you guys. Bluto and D-Day can be a team because they're the weirdest. Boon and I are on a team because honestly, what the hell else did you expect? And Hoover, you're on the last team with…\" Otter pointed at the Delta they had recruited for this. His finger hovered as he bit his lip in thought. I've totally forgotten his name. I wonder if I ever knew in the first place. The guy had short hair hair with Product in it and a bulging, heavy-looking backpack. These were his only two distinctive features. So, after not much thought, Otter decided, \"And Hoover, you're on the last team with Guy Who Carries Huge Backpack Everywhere.\" \"Who are our opponents?\" Hoover asked. \"Probably more Omegas,\" Boon answered, looking over his ping pong paddle with a bored expression. \"Oh no!\" Otter looked at a sheet of paper on the wall that displayed who was fighting who. \"WE'RE NOT FIGHTING OMEGAS IN ONE OF THESE MATCHES!\" Bluto gasped. \"Well, who the hell are we fighting?!\" \"You and D-Day are set to go against two people from the Nerd House.\" \"I think they're called Kappa Something Whateverthecrap,\" Boon pointed out. \"I don't think I care!\" Otter already had his trusty cheap ballpoint pen out and was scribbling something on the piece of paper. Pinto and Flounder peeked over his shoulder. \"Last minute revisions. No one will suspect a thing.\" \"Uh…\" Hoover pointed to their side, where a boy of about eleven in a striped t-shirt and belted blue pants stood watching them. The boy scowled. \"You can't do that.\" Otter smiled. \"I just did!\" Now he was done with the revisions and was just scribbling whatever he wanted. Probably a derisive doodle by Dean Wormer's name. \"I'm going to tell on you!\" \" What? Ugh, how old are you? Go away, I don't like kids. You're not even a girl, and besides, even I can't do anything with a girl until she's in high school.\" In an attempt to get the kid to go away, D-Day tried to throw food from a half-eaten bag of chips someone had abandoned, hoping he would chase it like a dog. \"Wait… you haven't ever done it with an underclassman, have you?\" Pinto asked Otter in shock. When the chips didn't work, Bluto lifted his hand up as if to give the kid a backhand, and he ran away. \"Did I say that?! No, of course not!!\" Otter stuck out his tongue in revulsion. Pinto sighed in relief. \"I mean, the sophomore was bad enough in bed as it is. Going younger? Wouldn't even be worth it.\" \"…Ah-!\" Otter waved him off. \"The table tennis tournament's about to start. Go towards the other pledges, Pinto. You'll find your opponents there. One's Chip Diller. You've seen him. He looks like a rodent; you can't miss him. Your other opponent's Banana Cashmere McKhaki Pants.\" \"…Okay…\" Otter turned his attention to Bluto and D-Day. \"You guys are lucky; you get to face Marmalard and Person Who Smirks Whenever Marmalard and Neidermeyer Talk. I wish I could see the look on his face when he fails. But that's okay, we got Neidermeyer and…\" Otter turned to see who was standing next to Neidermeyer. It was some guy Neidermeyer was ordering to do jumping jacks. \"Boon, which one's that?\" \"That's Guy From Philadelphia.\" \"Oh, great. All he's going to do is talk about Philly…. whatever. Guy Who Carries Huge Backpack Everywhere and Hoover, you get to face Rich-looking Guy With Underbite Who Mumbles Everything He Says (In a Vaguely British Fashion) and Guy Who Nods Whenever Neidermeyer and Marmalard Talk. See ya.\" \"What?! Otter, wait!\" Once again, Otter zoomed off, leaving Hoover alone. The shady backpack carrier was staring at him. Hoover looked up their team number and led them over to their opponents a few tables away. \"Um… hi.\" Hoover gave a polite little wave. One guy was, fittingly, busy staring at either Neidermeyer or Marmalard, wishing he was at an easier position to kiss ass. The other guy gave them a vicious smirk. Then he opened his mouth. One would expect words to come out, but all that came out was, \"Esswuhhssss fissnmen mmguh bbrrr drrlllnuh!\" Then he laughed. Hoover looked near a nervous breakdown. \" Please repeat!! \" -- \"Hi,\" Pinto gave a small smile as he and Flounder reached Chip Diller and Banana Cashmere McKhaki Pants. \"Looks like we're facing off. So, you guys play this often?\" Chip Diller sneered. \"Often enough to rip your metaphorical throats out and feed them to our metaphorical leaders while we watch you choke and bleed to death.\" Pinto ignored the disgusting message and only said, \"…Metaphorical?\" \"Of course that's just you,\" Chip Diller gave a hearty laugh. \"Different rankings, different death. Take that Hoover of yours. To make sure you realize that we mean business, I'm sure someone from our team is, as we speak, well on their way to reaching down his throat, pulling out his intestines, twisting them into knots, and then putting back where they belong.\" \"Hey, calm down! It's ping pong !\" Now Pinto was freaked out. \"Well, I'm speaking in metaphors.\" Chip Diller said with a duh tone. Chip's companion only picked lint of his cashmere sweater. Flounder hadn't said anything. He looked frightened, much like a rabbit. Chip pointed to Boon and Otter. \"You see those two? I'm thinking old fashioned medieval-style-\" Pinto waved his hands to get him to stop. \"You have problems! Look, before you can try to psyche us out anymore, let's just get on with this, okay? Jeez.\" He picked up a little plastic ball. \"Hey, wait a second, is there a face drawn on this?!\" \"Yeah. It's his.\" Chip pointed to Flounder. \"You can whack your own teammate's face around with a hard paddle… if you want to.\" \"You should talk to somebody!!\" -- \"Can I stop now?\" Guy From Philadelphia asked of Neidermeyer. He was panting hard and still doing push-ups. \"I want to beat these guys and end the day of winning with a nice Philly Cheesesteak.\" Neidermeyer ignored him. \"It appears I'm going against another couple of Delta stooges.\" Boon and Otter had their arms crossed. \"It appears you are!\" Otter answered. Neidermeyer's face was one of pure disgust. \"Which one of you jackasses made the comment of the pledge being on the bottom?\" \"That…\" Boon raised his finger, only to point it across the room. \"… was Pinto.\" Guy From Philadelphia picked himself up, sweating and panting profusely. \"And you!\" Boon shouted, ignoring a whistle in the background. \"Don't say a thing about Philadelphia!\" \"I wasn't going to! Well…\" Otter nodded in utter agreement. \"Good thing, too. We are not in the mood for your Philly bull-\" He stopped short when a little ball went whizzing by his head. \"Um, excuse me? We weren't ready.\" \"You should be listening for your signal! Now LISTEN UP!\" Neidermeyer raised his voice suddenly, making Boon, Otter, and Guy From Philadelphia flinch. \"You louts try any of your little Delta games, I'll come over there and shove my square-toed boots right up your asses. I'm not about to lose to any of you today. Is that CLEAR, hoodlums?\" \"Did you just call me a hoodlum ?\" Otter asked in disbelief. \"JUST SERVE!\" \"It's your serve,\" Otter answered. Neidermeyer growled and snatched the ball away. He threw it up to serve, but just as it reached the perfect position, Boon neighed like a horse loudly, making Neidermeyer stumble and Otter laugh. Guy From Philadelphia was silent, probably thinking about Philadelphia. Neidermeyer looked up with clenched teeth, looking right about ready to do some god old-fashioned boot-shoving. \"I'm sorry, but I had to stop you! What do you think you're doing with that ball?! It's our serve!\" -- \"Looks like you're fucked,\" Bluto wasted no time in stating the cold, hard truth to Marmalard and Person Who Smirks Whenever Marmalard and Neidermeyer Talk. \"I've been preparing for this kind of thing after years of beer pong.\" Gregg sighed. \"Look. I don't want any bullshit. Let's just get through this as fast and fair as possible, alright? Try to be civil for once.\" \"Are you trying to give us lessons in being civil?\" D-Day asked. \"I'll give you a Civil War! You damn Omegas are always the ones who-\" \"I think I AM capable of giving you lessons in a lot more than simply being civil!! You Deltas have single-handedly ruined this tournament, which should be a fine display of physical prowess with healthy competition! Delta House has made it into a JOKE!\" Person Who Smirks Whenever Marmalard and Neidermeyer Talk smirked this entire time, looking from D-Day and Bluto to Gregg every once in a while. Ignoring Marmalard's anger, Bluto turned his attention to the other boy. \"What the hell are you smirking at?\" His smirk faded. \"Yeah, and keep it off, too.\" \"Okay, since neither of you brutes seem to be capable of starting things up, I'll serve first,\" Marmalard said with a smug tone. He reared back his arm and swiftly served the plastic ball to Bluto and D-Day as Person Who Smirks Whenever Marmalard and Neidermeyer Talk got into a good position and his smirk reappeared. The ball went whizzing past Bluto and D-Day. \"OH! This is just like regular ping pong!\" Bluto looked surprised. \"I thought you said you could kick his ass! You said you played beer pong all the time!\" D-Day shouted. \"Not really. It had the word 'beer' in it. I assumed I had …\" Bluto stared at the ball bouncing away. \"I guess not.\" Gregg gestured behind them. \"What are you doing? Go get the ball!\" Bluto faced him with an angry face. \"You're the one who hit it! YOU get it!\" \"Do you want to serve?\" Bluto nodded eagerly like an excited little kid. \"Then. Get. The. Ball.\" Bluto lumbered off to get the ping pong ball. D-Day looked at PWSWMaNT. \"Are you still smirking?\" Bluto came back, clutching the plastic ball. He threw it up in the air and, in an amazing act of hand-eye coordination usually beyond his abilities, hit the ball with his paddle. But the ball didn't bounce off the table. It went flying straight into the face – specifically the jaws – of PWSWMaNT. He dropped to the ground and clutched his over-smirked mouth, moaning. D-Day looked over the table at him. \"Oh, get over it. It's a ping pong ball.\" Marmalard ignored his obviously pained fellow Omega and scowled at Bluto. Bluto stared back at him. Marmalard shook his head. \"My god, you're going to fail at life.\" \"Well, you're going to fail at ping pong. So it's even.\" Then he nodded to the other Omega, who was still making overdramatic noises of distress on the ground. \"We need a new ball, Marmalard. All non-failures are in charge of getting new equipment.\" -- \"Well, we win.\" Hoover said with a shrug. \"Good game.\" (A lie.) The wealthy-looking mumbler with the slight underbite gave him a look of surprise. Then he mumbled a string of syllables that could be vaguely traced to ' What are you talking about?! How can this be?! ' It actually came out more as \"Mmuh rr uu alling ammumtm?! Urgh cnnnn ds byyrrrrr?! After an entire table tennis game's worth of trying to make sense of this man's words, Hoover's right arm twitched involuntarily. \"I don't know what you just said, again, but if you're wondering why you lost, it's because your opponent is always – always - looking away and you… I'm sorry, I just think you need more practice. That's all there is to it.\" What Hoover decided not to bring up again, for the sake of preserving the feelings of the Omegas, was that the shady backpack-lugging character was amazingly good at this game. Even with the clumsy backpack, he never missed a shot and Hoover barely had to do any work at all. The Omega looked at him indignantly. \"I rrnrrr wuhhssn llnnnngnggng yyy! Ih mnd rnnnt!\" Guy Who Nods Whenever Neidermeyer and Marmalard Talk was looking away and nodding. Hoover just looked at them and blinked a few times. Then he slowly turned and walked away. For the first time, Hoover truly felt like a Delta. \"I need a beer right now…\" Guy Who Carries Huge Backpack Everywhere was following Hoover, but paused and rummaged through his backpack. He came up with a beer and handed it to Hoover with a triumphant smile. Hoover took at it and eyed it. Then he laughed. \"Oh! Oh ho, nooo thanks.\" He handed it back to him. -- \"Okay, come on, this is enough!\" Pinto put his paddle on the ping pong table with a clunk and looked very distressed. \"Look, Chip, you've been insulting and threatening us constantly.\" Chip Diller shrugged. \"It's all been in metaphors, though. Don't be so sensitive! It's all in good fun!\" \"No, it's not all in good fun! You say it's metaphorical so you can get away with it! You're WEIRD. You're a weird Omega. You're all weird! And you guys say the Deltas are weird!\" \"We don't say you're weird. We say you're immature.\" \"Whatever, I don't want to play with you anymore.\" Pinto crossed his arms, relishing feeling like the big man. \"Wait! You can't!\" Flounder spoke up for the first time this game. \"What… what will our brothers say?\" \"They're probably going to quit too.\" Flounder shook his head furiously. \"Brother Bluto wouldn't quit.\" \"… Yes, he would.\" \"But we'll look bad!\" \"We'll look fine.\" \"EXCUSE ME,\" Somebody shouted behind them. \"BROTHER BLUTO!\" Flounder said with swelling enthusiasm. \"You two look a little unspirited. UnDeltaSpirited. What the fuck is going on?\" \"Brother Pinto wants to quit, sir.\" Bluto burped. \"What?!\" Flounder nodded. \"I told him, but he just wouldn't listen.\" \"What are you doing over here anyway? Don't you have your own tournament?\" Pinto pointed out, still looking worse for wear. \"NO MATTER! What have you learned in all your time as a Delta?\" Now this actually made Pinto stop and think. Did Bluto mean what he actually learned in his months in the house; beer-guzzling tips, how to projectile vomit for his benefit, how to cheat on tests the right way, makeshift lessons on correct lubricant usage from Otter with a flashlight, buying things he shouldn't underage? Or did Bluto mean the many cliché sayings that he constantly tried to push as standard Delta mottos; \"When the going gets tough, the tough gets going\" and no doubt more that Bluto was going to say right now? \"I've learned a lot.\" \"DAMN STRAIGHT. But what's our motto?\" \"Uh…\" Bluto didn't wait. \" Don't get mad, get even .\" Pinto went wide-eyed and stared back at Bluto, an emotion never felt by Pinto suddenly sweeping through his body. Bluto recognized this and grinned broadly, giving Pinto a pat on the shoulder. \"That's right. Now if you'll excuse me, I have my own game to get back to.\" \"Hey yeah, why are you over here?\" Flounder asked. \"Was your game delayed?\" \"No, D-Day and I just declared intermission. We knew it would piss Marmalard off… Oh great, where'd D-Day go?!\" Bluto stomped off towards his table. -- \"The score is tied. The stakes are high. It's late in the game, and Delta's got the serve. Player Number 1 Stratton has the ball. Ladies and gentlemen, you could cut the tension with a knife.\" Otter self-narrated. \"Why do you get to be player one?\" Boon asked, bouncing a different little plastic ball up and down on his paddle. \"Well, if it makes you feel better, you don't have to be two.\" \"And be what? Three? Give me a break.\" \"Ten's good.\" \" Ten sucks .\" \"Well, you can't be four. Four is death, and you're my partner for this game.\" Meanwhile, Neidermeyer, whose eyes had been flitting back and forth between them as they bantered, lip curled in disgust, finally spoke up. \"OH JUST HIT THE BALL FOR CHRIST'S SAKE.\" \"Right! My serve!\" Otter fell back into position, spreading his legs apart and crouching a bit. He waved his paddle up and down a bit, trying to find a good position for it. \"Where was I? Right. Stratton puts himself back in perfect position and prepares to steal back the lead for Team Delta. The crowd-\" \"I WILL COME OVER AND HIT IT MYSELF IF I HAVE TO!\" Neidermeyer interrupted the narration. \"Just serve the ball , you idiot!\" \"Well, you don't have to threaten us…\" Boon started, but Otter continued for him. \"You can't rush this kind of thing!\" Otter straightened up to argue. \"Are you crazy? Don't you have any respect for the sport of this game?\" \"IT'S TABLE TENNIS, YOU TWIT. SERVE THE BALL.\" \"I would, but you just made me get out of position.\" Making a point of being slow about it, Otter took about a full minute to crouch down again, inspecting his own every move. After about another minute or so, Boon spoke up. \"Hey, can I serve?\" \"Yeah, sure,\" Otter swiftly got out of position. Guy From Philadelphia just stared at them. \"Man, Faber is weird. Back in Phi-\" \"CHICAGO!\" Boon held his hand up. Guy From Philadelphia was silenced into staring again. \"Um… excuse me?\" \"Don't talk about Philadelphia.\" \"Look, all I was going to say was that in Phil-\" \"DETROIT!\" \"STOP THAT!\" Then a silence swept over the table. Guy From Philadelphia looked slightly indignant, telltale signs of anger marring his plain face. Neidermeyer was scowling at everyone with absolute disgust. Eventually Boon started bouncing the ping pong ball up and down again. Guy From Philadelphia tried to catch him off guard. \"PHILADEL-\" \" NEW YORK CITY! \" Otter shouted. Boon nodded approvingly. \"I like your gusto.\" \"SHUT UP WITH THE CITIES! SERVE NOW!\" Neidermeyer ordered with a shout, his face turning pretty colors. \"I was getting to that, but your little Philadelphia bitch kept going on and on about Philadelphia…\" \"No I wasn't!! And I'm not his bitch!\" \"STOP IMPLYING SEXUAL RELATIONS IN MY HOUSE!\" \"Well, it's not like you have sex otherwise.\" \" THAT'S IT! \" Neidermeyer threw down his paddle. Overcome with violence, he jumped ON the table and across it, grabbing Boon and Otter's shirt collars. \"I'VE HAD IT UP TO HERE!! YOU JUST KEEP DISRESPEC…\" He paused as a pledge from the Jewish House with what could only be described as 'dorky features' came up, armed with a clipboard and a little post-it note. He posted it on Neidermeyer. \"No physical violence! You're disqualified!\" \" WHAT?! \" Neidermeyer turned his attention to the pledge now, but he scurried off, scribbling something on a clipboard. \"Ha HA ! Player Number One Stratton and Player Number Two, uh, Boon win by disqualification! The crowd goes wild! \" Otter waved to a fantasy crowd. \"I wanted to be Seven.\" \"You're too late.\" -- \"Stop! Stop! Get off! Get off! MY FACE!\" Chip Diller cried/shouted/bled. \"Larry! No, please…!\" Flounder tried. \"Excuse me! Hello!\" Another dorky-looking guy with the clipboard and post-its from the Jewish House was standing above them, trying to post a disqualification note on Pinto, who was beating the crap out of Chip Diller with his paddle (major déjà vu for the poor, weasely pledge). \"Please, no physical violence! You're disqualified!!\" Pinto stopped and got up off the whimpering Omega, panting from releasing his pent up PintoRage. \"What? Disqualified?! But you should have heard the stuff this guy was saying to us!\" Flounder just stood back, wide-eyed and horrified. \"You have someone else's blood on your face. And on my little ball's face!\" \"I don't care. You're disqualified.\" The guy looked through his papers. \"Delta House and Omega House are participating in four matches. Omega was disqualified from one of them and your house won another. If you guys lose your last match, you'll tie.\" Pinto looked blankly ahead. \"Even though we probably somehow will lose, I feel really good right about now.\" Chip Diller moaned in pain. \"Are you okay?\" Banana Cashmere McKhaki Pants looked over at him but didn't make any real move to help him because, helloooo, banana cashmere and khakis. The Jewish House guy hesitated a bit, then quickly posted on Pinto and ran away as fast as he could. -- \"So the fate of the tournament rests in my hands?\" Bluto said, clutching the ping pong ball as tight as Neidermeyer's ass. The other Deltas had gathered around to show support and generally be loud and annoying, except for Pinto, who had gotten it out of his system. Otter narrated. \"Super Player Number One Blutarski has the serve. He is backed by Super Player Day. They are up against Poor Player Number Four Marmalard and some guy who won't stop smirking. Since the smirking guy looks coordinated, ladies and gentlemen, I think we are screwed.\" Katy had joined them. \"I must say, this entire sports festival has at least been the most interesting one I've ever been to.\" Flounder nodded and balled his hands into exuberant little fists. \"It's so exciting!\" \"I have to disagree,\" Marmalard said. \"This is the worst Faber sports event ever. Your boyfriend and his gang of thugs have tarnished the title.\" \"Sportses festivals are always fun!!\" Hoover, continuing his genuine Delta experience, had gotten very, very drunk before showing up. Bluto's breathing had quickened as he stared at the ball with rigid intensity. That guy was still smirking. D-Day played with his moustache out of boredom (so would you if you had one like that!) as he leaned against the table. \"Bluto, come on man, just serve. It's not even really that big of a deal.\" \"It's a huuuuuuuge deal!\" Hoover insisted. \"We rock annnnnd and we gotta win.\" \"So Katy is the sarcastic voice-of-reason commenter, Flounder's the eager one, Marmalard's the bitchy one, Otter's the narrator, Bluto's the weirdly serious player, D-Day's the uncaring one, Hoover is the shitfaced one, and that guy just won't stop the smirking.\" Boon was bouncing a ping pong ball on the paddle, but suddenly grabbed it and pondered the situation for a few seconds. Katy smiled. \"And your revelation…?\" He began bouncing again, trying to get a rhythm. \"I'm the only one without a special role. This is bullcrap .\" Otter laughed at him. \"You were never special.\" \"He's so right,\" Hoover muttered. \"I'm very shitfaced… ohmygod.\" Pinto popped up. \"Good news! He might not press charges! What'd I miss?\" \"SSSSSHHHH!\" Otter commanded right in Pinto's face. Marmalard kept his eyes straight ahead. These boys need a good raping . \"Could you please serve? I'd like to go get a good lunch from the cafeteria.\" \"Why would you go there to get a good lunch?\" D-Day asked. Hoover laughed with annoyingly loud volume. Now Bluto was shaking. \"Why… why aren't you taking this seriously? What's wrong with you?! I always thought you were my brother, you were behind me, but not when things don't go the way you want, you just want to-\" \"We're already ahead!\" D-Day interrupted him to prevent a Bluto Speech™, which would have been entertaining but dangerous and costly, like people rioting in the streets (condensed into this one Bluto). \"We don't have to win this round for them not to win. If we quit now it'll be a draw.\" Bluto tried to comprehend this. \"… Whuhhhreally?\" \"Yup.\" \"Then why am I still doing this?!\" \"Exactly.\" \"Let's go get drunk!\" The other Deltas, especially Hoover, cheered. Bluto led the group to the exit, where Katy followed slowly, only out of having absolutely nothing else to do. She looked tired – this was too much for one normal human being to handle. Marmalard looked around. \"I feel like there's… a void.\" His companion just smirked at him. \"Please stop looking at me like that… I don't even know your name… so you can stop kissing ass. Frankly, it's gotten a little unsettling. I'm going to the cafeteria. I need some soup.\" The Omega Pledge didn't follow Marmalard, but his smirk followed well into the night. -- Marmalard looked at the menu. \"Tomato… no, not today. Food chowder… don't really feel like it. I'll try the house special.\" He stared at it when it was scooped onto his bowl. His day kept going from bad to worse. For his own good, Marmalard chose not to dwell on any particular thing as he went to his seat. \"For some odd reason, this soup reminds me of lye… Oh well.\" ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Animal House. Guess what, boys and girls?! I made some more Animal House f"}]