[{"Movie":"One Special Night","Title":"Santa and Mrs Claus","Author":"faithandhopewoman","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7541680","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own any of these characters, and I don't know who does own them, although the movie was produced by Kaboom. I write them for fun only, as an exercise in creative writing. This is a work of fiction, based upon the movie characters. I just love Robert and Catherine. It's that time a year again, the music is playing on the radio, my CD player loaded; old TV favorite movies have already been played, decorations are everywhere. Toy catalogues too numerous to count, are looked at by the grandchildren everyday. So I give you \"Santa and Mrs. Claus.\" It was only the first week of October, but Catherine was off to the first planning meeting for the Children's Christmas Party. Since marrying Robert, the holidays were no longer a time of sadness for her. Everyone gathered in the conference room waiting for committee chair, Donna, to arrive. After introductions, Donna started the meeting by announcing that Mr. Davis, who had been Santa for so many years, was moving to be closer to his daughter. No one on the committee could even remember anyone else in that role. He had been a perfect Santa, jovial, happy and the children loved him. Now, who could possibly replace him? Soon all eyes were on Catherine, she noticed. Why are you all looking at me? I don't know anyone.\" Her long time friend, Sally, spoke up – \"of course you do, Catherine – your husband.\" \"Robert!\" She exclaimed. \"Robert is one of the happiest men I've ever known; he exudes the Santa Claus spirit; he would be wonderful. He loves children. You've told us all how much he loves Michael and the things they do together.\" \"Yes, that's true; but play Santa? I don't know.\" \"Would you be willing to ask him?\" Catherine was reluctant to openly agree with the committee, but she also thought he would be a very believable Santa. \"Sure, I'll ask him – Donna, I'll let you know soon.\" Catherine returned to her office to complete some paperwork; but her mind wondered to Robert. What a wonderful man, a loving husband, father and grandfather. She remembered back to their first Christmas – saying good night, Christmas Eve – \"I need to get home to play Santa.\" Then the next morning, \"guess what Catherine? Michael asked Santa for a new grandma.\" That touched my heart, she remembered. She knew he would make a perfect Santa – he had the biggest heart, a hearty laugh and yes he did love children. Now she had to convince him. Saturday was a busy day; Robert's construction company was helping the local high school put on a dinner dance. The funds raised would go toward the theater and arts programs as well as the Culinary Club. He was there most of the day, coming home with just enough time to shower and dress. Dinner was served at six. The cafeteria had been totally transformed into \"Club Italiano.\" Beautiful Renaissance paintings hung from ropes all around the room. A café scene was created on stage as a backdrop for the choral and solo performances that were presented during dinner. A soon as dinner was over the tables where moved aside and the DJ started to entertain. They had a wonderful time dancing; sometimes Catherine had to remind him he wasn't dancing with her at home. At home they were always very romantic and ready for it to turn into intimacy at any moment. Each time, he smiled, \"I'll be good Catherine.\" She would laugh. As usual their dancing continued at home. Robert was in such a good mood; Catherine knew this was the perfect time to ask him. \"Robert, do you think you might be able to help with the hospital Christmas Party?\" \"How? Catherine, what do they need?\" \"They need you.\" \"Me.\" He looked at her and saw a suspicious smile. \"To do what?\" He knew something was up. \"For you to play Santa.\" \"Me! play Santa? Why me?\" He exclaimed. \"Because you love Christmas, you've played Santa for the girls and now for Michael and Marybeth – you would be perfect – please Robert.\" \"Why do I feel this is a done deal?\" \"No, Robert, I told them I would ask you. What if I was Mrs. Claus, we would be a packaged deal?\" He chuckled, kissed her sweetly, \"Okay we'll be Santa and Mrs. Claus. I have a feeling being married to you is going to be quite an adventure.\" \"What makes you say that?\" \"Just a feeling I have.\" Catherine didn't respond she already knew about the talent show next year. The committee met the following week, when she announced to the committee that they would get a couple, not just Santa but Mrs. Claus too. She heard, \"really Catherine, both of you?\" \"Yes, I thought that would help Robert make up his mind, besides, I think it is going to be a lot of fun.\" \"This is going to be the best party ever.\" Donna announced. Both met with the costumers to have Santa's suit and Mrs. Claus's dress properly fitted. Each big enough for the extra padding that made Santa – Santa. And some fullness for Mrs. Claus – provided by a specially made under garment. Boots for Santa and \"old Lady\" shoes for Mrs. Claus completed the attire. Robert became very involved, if he was going to be a Santa, he was going to do it right. \"Catherine, did you know there is a class for men who want to play Santa? It's being held next Saturday in a hotel in the city. We could go and spend the night. You could shop while I learn my art.\" He laughed and smiled suggestively. Going to the city was always romantic for them; and they took full advantage. On Saturday, they drove into the city around eleven; time to check their bags in and get lunch before Robert's training session. Catherine really didn't like to be in the city by herself. She walked around the corner to the Plaza Hotel and shopped there. The specialty shops allowed her to buy different things for Michael and Marybeth than she could find at home. By five she was waiting for Robert to exit the training session. She saw him coming out. \"Well, Santa, do you have your ho, ho, ho, perfected?\" \"I do, but I'm going to surprise you with what else I learned.\" She noticed he held a CD in his hand. \"What's that, Robert?\" \"Just some reminders.\" That was all he would tell her. They went to their room; they showered and dressed for the evening, dinner and dancing. Driving home the next day, Robert told her a little more about his Santa class but not everything. Every day Robert would sneak home to practice being Santa. He played the CD over and over. Robert took his role very seriously. Catherine made appointments with all the people who were going to help them. \"Robert, remember, we meet with the theater makeup department tomorrow at three.\" They both arrived at the theater on time; today they would work on their heads; including wigs for both of them and finding the best way to attach his beard. Next, was a pair of eyeglasses for each of them. They tried on many before deciding the ones that made them look most like Santa and Mrs. Claus's. No pipes for Santa – today's Santas are smoke free. So a fancy whistle replaced the pipe – used to send the reindeer and sleigh into the sky. Part of Santa's stuffing was a jelly like substance, which when Robert laughed deeply would jiggle – just like a bowl full of jello. He had learned the secret at his class; he had been practicing with out it; now he could practice with the real stuffing. The day of the party arrived; it wasn't just the party, Santa and Mrs. Claus would visit the children who could not come to the party, then on to the Ronald McDonald House and finally caroling through the halls of the hospital. Early in the morning, Robert and Catherine arrived at the hospital; they each had their own \"dressing room.\" Each had the help of a dresser and a theater makeup artist. Catherine had never seen the total put-together Robert, the Santa. They met in the hall – she looked him over – she liked what she saw – no one would know it was Robert. He had taken on the total package. He looked and acted like the real thing – from the pompom on the tip of his hat to the shinny black toes of his boots. Yes, of course he was dressed in a big red suit, trimmed in short white fur; all around his neck, down the center of the suit and around the edges of the coat – with matching fur on the edges of his sleeves. A wide black belt encircled his waist loosely and was held in place by black belt loops. The belt holes and buckle were accented in gold. It sat just below his \"round little belly.\" The floppy cone hat was trimmed in short white fur and sat low on his forehead – barely above his whitened eyebrows. All that was seen were his dark brown twinkling eyes; his nose and the accented apple part of his cheeks – which had been given a rosy glow. His mustache and the neatly curled beard seemed almost like one. His wire rimmed glasses sat slightly lower than the bridge of his nose – secured by \"magic\" so they would not move – especially when he laughed. His black crinkled leather boots came up to his knees – the pants legs of the suit, also trimmed in short white fur – covered the top of the boots and partially down his leg. His hands wore nicely fitted white gloves and he held in his hand a fancy gold bell whistle. With the pompom on the end of his hat sitting over one shoulder, he turned to Catherine and whispered, \"Come my beautiful Mrs. Claus, we must not keep the children waiting.\" Before they walked down the hall, he looked her over – from her little red mop hat down to her laced-up black shoes. She heard him chuckle. Her dress of red crimson velvet flowed almost down to the top of her old-lady shoes. Matching wide rows of white fur trimmed her neck, the same for each sleeve and the bottom the full circle dress – a delicate white apron trimmed in lace was tied at her waist. Catherine's face had been made to look the part; a theatrical make-up base had been used to give her face the allusion of wrinkles. Her eyebrows matched the white hair wig – it sat nicely framing her face with small almost ringlet like curls – slightly down her forehead – the hair in back blending with the fur of her collar. The red mop hat fit the crown of her head, while lacy ruffled edges gave it a friendly look. Her lips were given a most beautiful glossy shade of light red and her glasses were just like Santa's – resting almost in the middle of her nose and against her cheeks – secured by \"magic.\" They were definitely a matching pair. It was time. They walked through the back halls to an adjoining room near the part of the cafeteria that had been turned into the party room; beautifully decorated with a big fancy chair just waiting for Santa. The big bag of toys had already arrived. Santa sat in his chair and Mrs. Claus stood faithfully by his side. She rarely spoke; she just protected Santa. In a few moments, the doors opened. The first to enter were mothers with babies in their arms. One such mother was Lori with little Marybeth, not quite a year old. Both Santa and Mrs. Claus had to stay in character; but she never recognized either of them. The pre-school children entered cautiously; these were the most timid and a few had tears of fright. Santa took it all in stride. Soon all the others arrived; the children heard the \"ho, ho, ho\" of Santa as he welcomed each to his lap. Robert was having the best time; he had perfected his Santa voice. When all the children had their turn, Santa and Mrs. Claus left for the hospital rooms to surprise the children unable to come to the party. A few were too ill for visitors; presents were left for them as Santa's \"ho, ho, ho\" rang out through the halls. Robert's belly laugh was saved for the families at the RMD House; they wanted to touch him but Mrs. Claus protected her husband. Each child got to sit with him and presents were given out. The day ended with caroling through the halls of the hospital. The chauffeur drove them home; the beautiful blue and white lights lit every corner of their house; Robert pressed the code into his phone and the indoor tree and music came on. The chauffeur had a parting comment. \"You both were wonderful. You weren't acting, it was the real you. You both have a glow about you that is Christmas love. I've never witnessed that before. Glad I got to see it, have a good evening. See you tomorrow at work, Robert.\" \"Thank you Steven. All the credit goes to Catherine, she convinced me.\" Speaking not a word, Santa took his wife's hand; he sprang to his sleigh, to his team he gave a whistle. They both flew away and everyone heard them exclaim, \"Happy Christmas to all and to all a Good Night.\" The imitators, Robert and Catherine, now lay snuggled in their bed and it was heard, \"Santa will be back again next year.\" \"Really, Robert!\" No other sounds were heard as they nestled down for a long winter night. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own any of these characters, and I don't know who does own them, although the m"},{"Movie":"One Special Night","Title":"Two Exposes on Love","Author":"faithandhopewoman","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11773886","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Two exposes on love ROBERT Oh, how do I describe him? How did I grow to love him so much? All bristles on the outside but tender and soft on the inside. His eyes reflected a deep sadness the day I first met him. He tried his best to look happy but he wasn't. His heart had taken a beating; suffering from the lack of returned love. All joy was gone, he lived each day almost as a robot; knowing he would visit a woman, his wife, who no longer knew him. Nothing he said when we stepped out the door of Shelby Manor was kind. He didn't really mean it; his emotions were raw. I noticed a change the moment I fell, but I didn't respond in kind. I was too proud, but in reality I was scared. I wondered if we were going to live through the storm. He tried to tease with me, trying to get me to open up. Holding on to him for dear life on the back of the tractor was comforting and felt nice. I could feel his strong body and felt his determination to get us to safety. All though I couldn't find it in me to tell him, I was never worried about staying that night with him; I trusted him fully. As the night in the cabin evolved, his tender side began to show. He worried about me, about my wet clothes. He loved his daughters and grandson; I could see that in his eyes when he spoke of them. Actually his eyes told me everything. Even though I became defensive when he told me I had erected walls around my emotions, I knew he was right. I wasn't ready to accept anyone to replace Tom. My heart melted when he talked about the special child I might save one day. That morning as we stood by the fire, I wanted to tell him of my love for him. Yes, that day was when I first loved him. I knew it would have to wait. I will never forget that smile right before I walked towards my front door. Again his face spoke what his lips could not. Now that we are married, there are so many things that make him special. His lips, what can I say? How can I express myself? They're tender and soft. Ever since that first loving kiss, here in the cabin, my heart flutters and pounds whenever his lips touch mine. I can't explain it. The way he kisses all of me is stimulating to say the least; emoting in me sensations so strong they take my breath away. His hands, they're large, slightly rough but so tender. Even the slightest touch makes me shiver; the way he holds my hand or cups my face, holds my arms; the way he caresses all of me during those intimate moments. His arms encircle me with firmness and strength; allowing me to release all my cares. And when he loves me with the intimacy that comes with married life, I feel his love deep inside me; a special feeling that I want to repeat as often as I can. I know I've been given a second chance at love and I plan to show him how much, each and every day. CATHERINE Oh, how do I describe her? How did I grow to love her so much? She is beautiful. The day I met her, she was sad and lonely; she had erected walls to hide her emotions. She would never admit it, but after we crashed into the ditch – she was scared. I could see it in her eyes. I would come to know that her eyes would sparkle when she was happy, seeming to become bluer than blue. Her voice was desperate when she lost her necklace; she had lost a part of her past. She hung on to me so tight, as we rode on the tractor; I'm sure she trusted me. She chided me about breaking into the cabin, but her eyes said thank you. The truth about her grief hurt me as much as it did her. Our first handshake was warm and tender. I saw her softer side when she cleaned my cut. She touched my heart talking about her late husband and sharing with me how to talk to Marybeth. I was fighting with myself; I cared deeply for her. She saved me from making a terrible mistake. We departed friends. When did I know I loved her; the day I bought the cabin. I bought it for her. I love everything about her, those sparking blue eyes; her beautiful smile. Every time I think about her, my heart leaps. I love to touch her, that softness sends me a thrill every time. Her lips are magic; so sensitive, full of sweetness and love. Being married allows us to share intimate moments that are so perfect. It's during that time of oneness that I feel complete. I love her more than anyone dares to love. To find love a second time is a miracle. A miracle I will never take for granted. I will show her my love each and every day. ","Summary":" Two exposes on love ROBERT Oh, how do I describe him? How did I grow to love him so much? All brist"},{"Movie":"One Special Night","Title":"28,000 feet","Author":"faithandhopewoman","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7750655","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own any of these characters, and I don't know who does own them, although the movie was produced by Kaboom. I write them for fun only, as an exercise in creative writing. This is a work of fiction, based upon the movie characters. I just love Robert and Catherine Liz is a friend Catherine met at UCLA and they have stayed in touch all these years. John is her husband. Catherine and Robert were to meet Liz and John in Los Angeles. They were going to spend a week on Catalina Island, including five days on a sailboat. It was still dark when Robert packed the car. Catherine handed him her medical bag. \"Do you always take it with you, Catherine?\" \"Yes, you never know. If there is an emergency, I'm obligated to help.\" \"Well okay, if you say so. Will it pass security?\" \"Yes, Robert, It only contains my stethoscope, a blood pressure cuff and an otoscope. Years ago they stopped us from carrying medicine and syringes.\" Robert and Catherine boarded a non-stop flight out of LaGuardia. It was an early flight that would put them in LA around noon. As first class and families were boarding, Catherine noticed a family with a little girl. \"Robert,\" Catherine pointed to a little girl, \"she looks a lot like little Marybeth, same dark curly hair, about the same age.\" \"You're right Catherine, she does.\" Catherine noticed something else, something didn't seem right. She didn't think anymore about her until they went on board. They passed right by the family, they were seated in the first row behind first class. Catherine continued to observe the little girl; then it dawned on her, she was pale, very pale in fact. Catherine was no different from any other doctor; she had a hard time turning off her doctor's mind. \"Robert, something is wrong with that child, I can feel it.\" \"Catherine, sweetheart, try not to think too much, let's enjoy the flight.\" \"I can't help it, Robert.\" The little girl's crying made all the passengers around them irritable; Catherine could see the looks they all gave the family. Her mother was doing her best to try and quiet her, but nothing helped. \"Robert, I know you want me to sit back and relax, but I just can't. Please get my bag down.\" Robert knew his wife would not ignore her feelings; he got up and opened the overhead bin to retrieve her bag. As he was out of his seat, Catherine took the opportunity to go to the front of the plane, passing right by the child. She pretended to get a magazine but she was really observing the child. She spoke quietly to the stewardess, \"I'm Dr. Woodward a pediatric heart doctor, I'm very alarmed how that little girl is reacting to flying.\" \"I am too; I've never seen anything like it before, most children that age might cry on take off but then they calm down.\" Catherine returned to her seat, she heard, \"Is your daughter alright?\" The flight attendant asked. The parents insisted nothing was wrong; \"it's her first airplane ride.\" Catherine heard the mother tell the attendant. Catherine never took her eyes off of the family. Finally, she had enough. \"Robert, let me out please. I need to help the little girl.\" Robert knew he couldn't stop her, he let her go and sat and watched his wife. This was the first time he saw her professional expertise in action. The stewardess reacted intuitively to Catherine's appearance in the front of the plane again; she had already brought out the portable oxygen tank and a child size mask. \"That's just what I need, Sally,\" having read her name tag. Catherine went right to the family. \"Allow me to introduce myself, I'm Dr. Woodward, I'm a pediatric heart doctor; I'm very concerned about your daughter, she having trouble breathing. I think she should have some extra oxygen. Will you allow me to put the mask on her face?\" \"Yes, of course, anything to help her stop crying.\" The child was in her mother's arms, facing away from Catherine, but she could see her face, her lips were blue. Holding the oxygen mask near the child, Catherine turned on the oxygen. Just holding it there would give the little girl some extra oxygen. Catherine started to talk to the mother. \"What's her name?\" \"Rosemary.\" The oxygen was helping, soon Rosemary started to calm down and her breathing improved. She knelt in front of the little girl; softly touched her hair. \"My granddaughter has curls just like you. I want you to feel better. The little boys and girls I take care of call me Dr. Cat. Can you say that?\" The little girl tried to smile, softly saying, \"Dr. Cat.\" \"Rosemary, this mask, showing it to her and letting her play with it, \"will make you happy. Nothing will hurt you. Can I put the mask on your face?\" First Catherine turned the oxygen down; Rosemary willingly let Catherine place the mask on her face, pulling the band behind her head to secure it. Catherine observed her; then turned the oxygen up a little at a time. Rosemary was breathing easier and she was no longer fretful. By this time everyone on the plane was aware something was wrong, especially those sitting around the family. She called to Robert. \"Bring me my bag please.\" Grabbing her stethoscope, she asked permission to listen to the girl's heart and lungs. \"Rosemary, I need to listen to your heart. Right there,\" she said as she pointed to the little girl's heart. Putting the earpieces in her ears, she said; \"See Rosemary,\" as she listen to her own heart and then to her mother's. \"It doesn't hurt.\" The little girl's lungs were clear. Listening to her heart, instead of the usual lub-dub, Catherine heard, lub-swish-dub; the usual sound of a defect. Although the oxygen had helped, the child's nail beds and lips were still blue. Turning to the attendant, \"we have an emergency, this child really needs medical attention.\" And then to the parents, she asked, \"Please tell me your names.\" The mother introduced themselves to her, as Maria and Felix Lopez. \"May I call you by your first names?\" They both nodded yes. Since Maria had been the one to speak, Catherine addressed her questions to her. \"Maria, does Rosemary, have any heart problems? \"We were told she had a small hole in her heart a few weeks after she was born, but we didn't have the money.\" The mother started to cry. Catherine's suspicions were confirmed. The Captain, who had been informed of the situation came out of the cockpit and spoke to Catherine. \"We're not even half way to California; do we need to make an emergency landing?\" \"I think that is best for the child.\" \"Okay, let me see what I can do.\" The captain spoke to the passengers. \"We have a child with a medical emergency. We are making an emergency landing, on an old military runway. I ask everyone to take their seats and fasten your seat belt. It may be a bumpy landing.\" In a few minutes they touched down, the landing wasn't all that bad, everyone let out a collective sigh of relief. Again the Captain spoke to the passengers, \"we will be able to resume this flight as soon as the helicopter arrives to take the child to the hospital. LA will be notified of our approximate arrival time as soon as we take off.\" The other stewardesses went through the cabin and offered snacks and drinks. Catherine returned to sit with the family, they sat together waiting for the helicopter from the hospital to land. Robert continued to watch; he thought to himself, \"Catherine was right the little girl needed her.\" It wasn't long, the helicopter landed and the doctor from Children's Hospital in Oklahoma City entered the plane. \"Dr. Woodward, I'm Dr. Morris, so glad you were aboard. I was told the child became restless at 28,000 feet and that the oxygen only help her calm down; is that right?\" \"Yes, Dr. Morris, her heart sounds like she may have a major defect. The parents had no money to get it repaired at birth.\" \"I see. Have you had experience in repairing these defects?\" \"Yes, about six years ago I attended a conference in Chicago and learned from Dr. Montgomery. I've probably done about twenty procedures since then.\" \"That's good; no one on my staff has that expertise. Our lawyers will need to process the paperwork to have your credentials approved in Oklahoma.\" Dr. Morris radioed ahead, all the information they needed to process her credentials to perform the procedure. He wanted there to be no delay. It didn't take long; Rosemary and her mother boarded the helicopter. A discussion on the plane had informed Maria that only one other person could fit on the helicopter. Immediately, she had asked for Catherine. Robert who had been standing near enough to hear the conversation quickly spoke up, \"Catherine, I can rent a car and drive Mr. Lopez. Is that alright?\" he said turning to Mr. Lopez. Who nodded. After both men said their goodbyes; they watched the craft leave. A sergeant from the base drove Robert and Felix into town, where he was able to rent a car. About an hour later, they were on their way. Robert tried to contact Liz or John, but being in the middle of nowhere, there was no cell signal available. Back in LA the news of a plane being diverted for an emergency landing due to a medical problem with a passenger flashes on the news. John was visiting Liz at the hospital when the news broke. \"John I'm sure that's Catherine and Robert's plane.\" \"I'm sure Robert will get in touch with us when he can. Be sure your phone is on, he will probably call you.\" Every twenty miles or so Robert was trying to get a cell signal. Finally, he found a signal, knowing full well he would be charged roaming fees. He said to himself, \"the heck with roaming charges.\" His first call was to Catherine. She doesn't answer but he left a message. \"Be there in about two hours.\" Next he reached Liz and left a more detailed message. Felix was definitely worried. Robert tried to put him at ease. \"Felix, my wife is one of the best in all of New England. Parents come from everywhere to have their children cared for by Catherine. Do you need to contact anyone?\" He hesitated, \"yes, I would like to call Maria's mother?\" Robert handed him his cell phone. Meanwhile the helicopter landed on the pad at the Children's Hospital. Dr. Morris and Catherine had been talking to Maria the whole way; explaining that Rosemary would need a non-invasive procedure to determine if a defect was actually present. Maria had agreed and she signed the consent as soon as Rosemary arrived in the children's heart center. Maria and Catherine were allowed to watch; Rosemary had been given a small amount of medicine to help her lay very still. Catherine was in position to see the monitor screen and within minutes she knew her suspicions had been confirmed. She waited for Dr. Morris to join them to discuss the findings. \"Mrs. Lopez, Rosemary does have a small hole between the two upper chambers of her heart. This normally closes when a child is born. She probably would have been fine but when you ride an airplane the changes in air pressure causes a lack of oxygen and that made her very scared.\" Maria would wait for Felix before signing anything. Just then her cell phone vibrated, it was Robert. \"Catherine, we're about thirty minutes away.\" Okay Robert, see you soon, love you.\" \"Maria, would you like to walk to the chapel? We could say a prayer and light a candle if you wanted to.\" \"I'd like that.\" They followed the signs; at the end of the hall they found a chapel that looked out over a waterfall outside; the light filtered in through the stained glass windows make for a very calm setting. Two other families were leaving as they entered. Maria and Catherine find a pew. Immediately, Maria knelt and began to pray the Rosary. Catherine found the prayer card and began to read: Be strong and courageous. He will not fail you or forsake you. Trust in the Lord with all you heart. I can do all things through Him who strengthens me. And then the prayer to bless her hands: Give skill to my hands, clear vision to my mind, kindness and sympathy to my heart. I ask that You give me clarity of thought and mind I ask You to bless my hands; guide them as I perform this procedure to provide healing of Rosemary's heart. Amen Realizing it had been twenty minute, Catherine taped Maria on her shoulder, she softly said, \"we better go, our husbands will be here soon.\" On their way out of the chapel, Catherine stopped to place some money in the chaplains' basket and signed the prayer book, \"Please pray for Rosemary, a three year old with a heart defect who's having a procedure soon. Maria stopped and lit a candle for her daughter. Upon returning to the waiting room, they saw Robert and Felix enter from the other side. The Chief of the Cardiac Services found Catherine. \"Good news, you have been cleared to perform the procedure.\" \"That is good news,\" Maria said while giving a Catherine a look of approval. \"Now, everyone, come with me,\" they heard Dr. Morris say. He led them to a conference to explain exactly what needed to be done. \"A small tube will be inserted into a blood vessel near the top of her leg,\" Dr. Morris pointed to the area on a picture. \"We use that tube to insert other wires; we watch them on the TV and then repair the defect.\" They consented and signed the paperwork. Dr. Morris notified the procedure room to set up for it and gave some orders to prepare Rosemary for the procedure. Catherine and Robert had stepped into the hall. \"Are you alright Catherine?\" \"Yes Robert, Maria and I spent a few minutes in the chapel. How are you? That was a long drive.\" \"Not too bad Catherine, just glad I could help. I'll wait with the others. He cupped her cheek and gave her a sweet kiss. Catherine took off her wedding set and watch; \"hold these Robert, I don't like to take off my rings but I must, at least they're with the man I love.\" She turned and followed the nurse to the locker room to change her clothes. Robert finally made contact with Liz and John, he returned to the waiting room. Robert began think of another time he waited for news from Catherine, the day Marybeth was born. He spoke to Maria and Felix. \"Maria, I told Felix, Catherine is the best in New England, patients come from everywhere. She helped when my daughter went into early labor and little Marybeth was born; every little child that comes to her is special. It's almost like they become her child. Rosemary is now one of her children; she's in good hands with God looking over her shoulder, I'm certain of it.\" Yes, Robert was sure, in less than an hour and a half, Catherine and Dr. Morris found them. Their smiles told them everything. \"Rosemary is fine; she's in intensive care. \"I know you want to see her. Come with me, you too Robert.\" Rosemary was still using oxygen and EKG wires were still attached but she was smiling. Emotions fill the room; Maria and Felix sat at their daughter's bedside; their gratitude expressed in their eyes. Robert and Catherine left the parents for now; Catherine needed to talk to Robert in private. She pulled him into a stairwell and they embraced. \"Robert I'm sorry for disrupting our plans.\" \"No need to be sorry Catherine, you knew exactly what was wrong with her; without you she may have developed a real serious problem.\" \"Robert,\" she kissed him fully, \"you're so good to me. We need to find a room soon.\" \"I couldn't agree more. Let's go check on her and then we can leave.\" Hand in hand, they returned to the ICU. The oxygen was off; the EKG wires had been removed. Rosemary was sitting up eating sherbet. Catherine knew her duties were over; everyone had her contact information. Catherine and Robert departed to the nearest hotel. They checked into their room after dinner. Robert put their bags on the luggage stands and turned to Catherine. \"I have a surprise for you,\" he said half laughing but with a full smile. \"Robert, what have you done?\" \"I haven't done anything, open that door behind you.\" Looking at him with a peculiar inquisitive face, Catherine opened the door. Excitedly, \"there's a hot tub in there, Robert. I've never seen a hot tub in a hotel room.\" \"Me neither, but I thought you would like it.\" Robert said as he moved close to her and started to unbutton her blouse – kissing her sweetly while he did. \"Now, Robert,\" she said between returning his kisses, \"you know what this does to me.\" \"Yes, but we're married.\" \"I know that silly man,\" as she grabbed a terry robe and threw it at him. \"Come on let's get in.\" The both quickly undressed and put on their robes and stood by the hot tub. Catherine put her foot in first; it was very warm. Hanging their robes on the hooks provided; they stepped into the tub. The water was really a little on the hot side but still very enjoyable. The glass around the tub was frosted only half way up; the rest was clear. It was getting dark they could still see filaments of the sunset. Each seat had individual adjustments for the jets. Catherine slid all the way down so only her head was above water. Robert had turned on the music system; all love song instrumentals. He also found the switch for the revolving colored lights. \"This is nice, Robert, thank you, I really needed this.\" \"Just don't fall asleep Catherine, we have another date, remember.\" \"I know, Robert, just a few more minutes.\" She took the hand held jet and soothed her neck and temples. Slowly, she sat up on the bench and reached for the hand rail to get out. As she was putting on her robe, she noticed Robert was still resting with his eyes closed. \"Okay, sleepy head, I'm out.\" Robert moaned as he pulled himself up and out of the tub. Quickly he was by Catherine's side. \"I didn't have the privilege of undressing you, so I will dry you,\" he teasingly said to her. Robert dried every inch of her; it had the same effect as undressing did. Robert was delighted. Almost immediately after their intimate encounter, Catherine fell sound to sleep. Robert shifted his weight, propping his head up with his arm; his other hand ran threw her hair and tucked it behind her ear. His fingers softly caressed her cheek and his thumb lightly touched her lips. He bent over and gave her a light kiss. \"Good night, sweetheart.\" Removing her arm from under him, he placed it by her side, Robert snuggled up to her; laying his head on the same pillow; he too fell sound asleep. Awaking in the morning to the soft chime of the alarm, they realized they hadn't moved all night. Kissing sweetly, they knew they needed to get up. They returned to the hospital to check on Rosemary; she had been moved out of intensive care and the parents could take her home in the morning. The \"Angel\" flight service had been contacted; they would fly the family home. Robert and Catherine booked a flight to LA where they did enjoy that sailboat cruise. THE THANK YOU A week or so after getting home and back to work, Catherine opened an envelope that looked like a card. Inside, she did find a card; a thank you note from Maria and Felix. That wasn't all. Catherine unfolded a piece of construction paper. It was covered by heart stickers. It had a few crayon makings around some of the hearts; like those of a three year old. At the bottom, Maria had written: Thank you, Dr. Cat Love, Rosemary She took it home to show Robert. \"Catherine I think you should frame it and hang it in your office. Label it the miracle at 28,000 feet.\" \"That would be nice Robert, I think I will.\" That picture hung in her office until she retired, then it found a place in her office nook at home. ROSEMARY It's now years later, Robert and Catherine are both retired but they do volunteer work around the world. Coming home from a recent trip, they departed their plane in the newest New York City airport. \"Robert, we could get lost in here.\" They wondered over to the coffee stand. They hadn't had a good cup of coffee in days. It wasn't very busy. A couple of tables away sat two very pretty young ladies. Robert had also noticed them. \"Catherine one of the young ladies reminds me so much of Marybeth.\" \"Yes, you're right.\" That same girl was looking Catherine over. She said to her friend, \"that lady over there reminds me of someone I've met before.\" \"Well, my dear Dr. Cat, we need to go home.\" Robert said with a smile. All the children in Guatemala had been calling her that all week. The young lady heard that. \"Dr. Cat?\" she called after the lady. Catherine turned around in surprise, wondering who in the world would be using that name for her. She looked right at the young lady who looked so much like Marybeth. \"Dr. Cat it's me Rosemary. Your emergency at 28,000 feet.\" A big smile came to all their faces as they remembered. \"How did you know it was me Rosemary?\" \"Is there another Dr. Cat?\" Catherine laughed. They decided to sit and talk. \"I just want you to know, my parent have always told me I owe my life to you.\" Being modest, Catherine just smiled. \"I decided to return the favor, I'm studying to be a nurse practitioner, couldn't quite do the doctor thing. I want to be a medical missionary.\" \"That's wonderful, Robert and I are retired now; we just returned from a mission trip to Guatemala.\" Handing her a card, \"here's all the information for contacting the organization who sponsored us. They need all kinds of help. You may be able to take a trip while you are still in school. \"Rosemary, it's been wonderful seeing you. Our grandson should be waiting at baggage claim to take us home. Give our best to your parents.\" \"Dr. Cat,\" she said with a delighted smile, \"I will.\" ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own any of these characters, and I don't know who does own them, although the m"},{"Movie":"One Special Night","Title":"The Car","Author":"faithandhopewoman","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7212809","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Car It was Thanksgiving Day, Catherine stood in her garage, staring at the SUV parked along side her Jaguar. She hadn't driven it since that fateful day last November, the twentieth to be exact. Catherine remembered. I had been there three days. Tom was in and out of consciousness. I drove home for some clean clothes. Sarah stayed with Tom until I returned. I drove there and back quickly. The nurse in the foyer met me with words that stunned me. \"Mr. Tom has taken a turn for the worse, you need to hurry up.\" Running up the stairs, I entered his room. I noticed Tom's breathing had become laborious and gurgly; his color had gone from pale to ashen. I froze; I cried out. \"Please don't leave me Tom, not yet, I need more time.\" Then I ran to his side and grabbed hold of him trying to keep him with me. Sarah held me back. \"Catherine, talk to him, you know he can still hear you. It's his time.\" Sarah brought a chair close to the bed, I sat; holding issues in one hand; the other hand holding Tom's. I love you Tom. I always will, I'll never ever forget you. You have been strong; you've been my rock. I don't know what I'm going to do without you. I know you want me to go on; telling me to find love again; maybe someday, but not anytime soon. His breathing became a struggle; he was gasping for air. I looked at Sarah, who nodded. It's time Tom, I need to let you go; God will watch over you from now on. I'm okay; I really am. Don't suffer anymore. Goodbye, I love you. I reached up and gave him a final kiss. With those words, Tom took his last breath. His hand relaxed and fell from mine. I knew he was gone. The tears poured down my cheeks. I put my head down on the bed and cried. Sarah whispered. \"There's no hurry; Catherine take as much time you need.\" Sarah had called the other emergency contact person on Tom's records, Dr. William Mitchell. He and his wife had arrived. Marina went to her side; her arms embraced her; \"We're here for you Catherine.\" Struggling to look at her; \"Thank you for coming; Marina what am I going to do without him? I want to go to where he is. I don't know if I can go on.\" Marina held her close. \"I know you feel that way right now; it's perfectly normal. Come sit on the sofa and let the staff attend to Tom.\" Marina helped her to get up and sit on the sofa. Catherine sat; watching as the staff prepared Tom's body. \"It's time, they're here for Tom.\" \"Catherine, I know this is hard, honey, but they need to take him now.\" \"I know.\" I watched as Tom's body was placed on the mortuary stretcher and they wheeled him away and he disappeared out the door. Suddenly I felt very cold and began to shiver. I got up and climbed into Tom's bed and covered myself; exhausted. I slept. \"Catherine, it's time to go home.\" Shaking off her memories, Catherine thought, I know I need to drive it, one of these days I'm going to get stuck in the snow; just not today. She got into the Jaguar and drove to Shelby Manor. It wasn't snowing; but the clouds were threatening. By the time she was ready to leave, a full fledged blizzard had begun. Reluctantly she offered a very distraught gentleman a ride home. What she feared most as they drove away in the driving blizzard was sliding off the road. She tightened her grip on the steering wheel and focused on the road. It was too late, she skidded; her passenger grabbed the wheel; they landed embedded in a snow bank. The next day Catherine would write in her journal: It's the day after Thanksgiving, a very emotional day. I couldn't really feel Tom in his old room at the hospice, I don't know why. I just sat there staring out the window. Suddenly someone opened the door, there stood a man with grief written all over his face, in his hand was a bouquet of tulips. He asked if I had something to put them in; I directed him down to the front desk, turned and stared out the window. He left mumbling something. I felt sorry for him. I composed myself, put on my happy face and went downstairs; there he was again, on the phone trying to get a taxi. I went out the door, but I couldn't leave, I went back inside and offered him a ride. He agreed, his face lightened, he was going to be able to get home. We crashed into the ditch, we argued and I complained. I had never met a man like him. Well diary, I had to spend the night with him in a cabin that he broke into. We eventually made peace and then something totally unexpected occurred; he began to touch my heart. His dear wife of many years was dying from heart disease complicated by Alzheimer's; I tried to share with him my pain and grief from Tom's death, there at the hospice last year. By the time we were rescued by his daughter and son in law, I knew he occupied a very special place in my heart. ","Summary":" The Car It was Thanksgiving Day, Catherine stood in her garage, staring at the SUV parked along sid"},{"Movie":"One Special Night","Title":"Talent Show","Author":"faithandhopewoman","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7742910","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own any of these characters, and I don't know who does own them, although the movie was produced by Kaboom. I write them for fun only, as an exercise in creative writing. This is a work of fiction, based upon the movie characters. I just love Robert and Catherine. \"Robert, wake up!\" \"What's the matter Catherine?\" \"I'm cold.\" \"Well come here – I can warm you up. \"I know you can but why is it so cold in here?\" Robert looked at the clock. \"It's five AM and it's Saturday, the thermostat is set for seven.\" \"I'm so cold I have to go to the bathroom. \"Burr,\" Robert heard as she climbed out of bed. He was right behind her. \"Now can I warm you up?\" \"I don't have any objection.\" The couple lay together; now super hungry. He took her by the hand; \"come on Catherine, we'll shower together.\" The bathroom was warm; Robert had designed it himself. Infrared lights were everywhere. Robert had purposely built an extra large shower with two seats and extra jets. Catherine loved it. He finished first; Catherine sat for a few more minutes and let the hot water pulsate on her neck and back. Robert had started breakfast; made the coffee and had pressed some oranges for juice. As Catherine came to the kitchen she heard, \"I just heard the weather warning. A blizzard is coming, 16-20 inches of snow expected\" \"Good thing our kitchen in stocked. What are you fixing?\" \"Scrambled eggs, sausage and home fries, Catherine.\" \"Now Robert you know we can't eat those things.\" \"I was just making sure you were listening to me. I know; scrambled egg whites, turkey sausage and cracked oat and wheat biscuits.\" \"That's better.\" \"Life with a heart doctor!\" Robert snickered. \"I want your heart healthy so you will be around until you are at least 100.\" \"You know a magic formula to guarantee that?\" Catherine laughed, what do you want me to do?\" \"Crumble the sausage into the egg whites. I'll get the biscuits in the oven.\" Breakfast was over. \"I feel healthy all ready.\" \"I certainly hope so, you ate enough.\" \"I was hungry. Our activity this morning increased my appetite.\" Catherine rolled her eyes. \"I think I'll settle into my chair and read for awhile. What about you?\" \"Haven't decided.\" Catherine said as she wondered over to the music cabinet. Saying to herself, while looking at the messy shelves; \"I guess I'll organize all of these like I want.\" She took everything out of the media center – she was sitting there with CD and DVD cases all around her. The house was very quiet except for the wind and the snow slamming against the windows; she found one of her favorite CDs, Julie Andrew's Favorites. Flicking off the speaker by Robert's chair, she put it on to play softly. Singing along to her very favorite ones, she decided to tackle the DVD collection first, it was smaller. Putting them in alphabetical order, Cinderella, Camelot,….My Fair Lady, Oklahoma, Sound of Music – looking at the picture on the front, she paused and remembered. Twice she had played Maria in the play, once in high school and again in college. Suddenly she remembered the hospital talent show – she had promised the organizer that she and Robert would do something. The light bulb went off – the dance – \"The Laendler.\" Quickly she got to her feet and rushed in to talk to Robert. Lo and behold – there he was, book on his chest, his arms folded around it – sound to sleep; snoring actually. Her discussion would have to wait. She returned to her mess – in a short while she had everything organized; the DVDs finished. All the CDs were grouped, Robert's jazz, her classical, movie soundtracks and then all the others. A few duplicates and some very old ones were put in her give-away box. Robert was still sleeping when Catherine put on the SOM DVD – dancing by herself to the dance scene – not aware that Robert was now standing watching her. Soon she heard, \"Hummmn.\" She turned. \"You dance alone very well, Catherine.\" \"Come join me, Robert.\" \"I don't know that dance.\" \"Well, you need to learn it.\" \"Why?\" \"Remember the talent show at the hospital?\" \"Yes, you did mention it. I didn't realize you wanted to perform, I thought we would just be attending.\" \"No, Robert – we need to perform.\" Taking his hand as she rewound the scene; \"Now, let's try it together.\" Robert took her face in his hands – \"the things you make me do, first Santa Claus and now this!\" \"Yes, but you enjoyed being Santa and I'm sure you will enjoy this; you're a very good dancer.\" Robert chuckled, how could he say no? \"My workers are going to think I'm henpecked.\" \"You're not henpecked Robert, you're sweet, loving and a good sport – besides this is for the Art for Hearts program that Jaclyn and her friend Mary Catherine started.\" Kissing him, she began the scene again and they practiced. Robert finally admitted that the dance was very easy and fun – but he had another surprise waiting for him. The committee needed one more act – they asked Catherine, \"Would you and Robert sing the \"Something Good\" song?\" Catherine laughed when she was asked. \"You are all going to get me on Robert's bad side!\" \"Now Catherine, you know better than that.\" The next time they practice, Catherine tried to put the committee's request out of her mind. But Robert already could read her eyes – \"Catherine, why are you eyes smiling?\" \"They are?\" \"Yes, they are.\" She reached up to stroke his face, he nicely stopped her hand. \"Come on Catherine, what is it?\" \"Well, they need one more performance, would you sing with me?\" \"What song?\" \"Something Good.\" \"The Captain and Maria song – right?\" \"Hummmn,\" she looked at him with pleading eyes. \"You remind me of Jaclyn – when she wanted me to override her mother's NO.\" \"That's a yes?\" All he could do was smile and shake his head. \"Robert, I do most of the singing, you have two lines by yourself and then we end the song together, you'll do just fine.\" \"If you say so, Catherine.\" Over the next couple of weeks they practiced their performances at least once every night. Catherine started looking for suitable dresses; she started in regular dress shops but she couldn't find exactly what she wanted. Next the costume shops, most of them looked a little cheap. She tried the second hand shops; at the second store she found exactly what she had been looking for; a light blue, chiffon dress with a floating collar; very, very similar to Maria's. Now she needed a dress for the dance. In the movie Maria's dress was a peasant-looking dress; almost looked like a jumper and blouse. That's what she found; her friend Nancy did a little tailoring and it was ready. Robert had no trouble renting an appropriate dress tux. Catherine even found him a similar tie and medal to wear. There were two rehearsals, Thursday night and Saturday morning, in costume. Robert learned that their song would close the show; that made him a little more nervous. Dress rehearsal went without a hitch. The auditorium was sold out. Everyone was there, the whole family; Lori had found a sitter to stay with Marybeth. Michael wanted to see his grandparents perform. They started their dance simply by Robert asking; \"let me show you?\" They flowed to the music like professionals; every step was perfect. Catherine ended the dance by stepping back and saying; \"I don't remember anymore.\" Robert just stares at her and smiles. Thunderous applause brought down the house. There was a slight break to move some scenery into place for the next numbers. In twenty minutes it was time for the final number. Robert had changed into a black suit. The scene is set by Catherine sitting on a bench by her self; Robert walks up to join her. Soon she walks away from him; he follows her; she turns around when she hears Robert say; \"I can't marry the baroness because I'm in love with someone else.\" Robert gives her a kiss and then holds her to his shoulder; Catherine lifts her head and begins to sing. Perhaps I had a wicked childhood Perhaps I had a miserable youth But somewhere in my wicked, miserable past There must have been a moment of truth For here you are, standing there, loving me Whether or not you should So somewhere in my youth or childhood I must have done something good Nothing comes from nothing Nothing ever could So somewhere in my youth or childhood I must have done something good Captain: (taking Catherine's hands and stepping back) For here you are, standing there, loving me Whether or not you should Interlude Captain says: \"Do you know when I first started loving you? At the dinner table when you sat on that ridiculous pinecone.\" Maria says: \"What? I knew the first time you blew that silly whistle.\" Maria and the Captain: Nothing comes from nothing Nothing ever could Maria: (their hands drop as they walk towards each other) So somewhere in my youth Captain: Or childhood (touching her nose after he spoke) Maria: I must have done something . . . Maria and the Captain: (he takes her in his arms) Something good As they finished the song, they kissed, break away and rubbed noses. They giggled; before turning for their bow. Once again thunderous applause brought down the house. All the participants joined them on stage. The audience stood as they applauded; each act came to the front for a bow. Robert and Catherine were the last to be called. Catherine was squeezing Robert's hand to trying to keep from crying, but it didn't help much. Michael came running up and presented Catherine with flowers. She held his hand as the program came to an end. A reception followed in the vestibule. The family was the first to surround them; Lori and Jaclyn were so proud of their Dad. \"My goodness, you were great Dad; I guess those dance lessons your Mom insisted on paid off and Catherine, you're a natural actress.\" \"Good job, Robert. I knew you danced but your singing was great.\" Jeff told him as he patted him on the back. Robert's employees were even there. \"Robert, we had no idea you were so talented.\" \"I don't know about that, Catherine made me realize it was all for a great cause.\" It was after ten before they got home. They got out of their clothes and had a snack; cheese, fruit and crackers with a glass of white wine. Robert looked at Catherine; \"you know sweetheart, we will be expected to top that next year.\" \"Yes, I know but I have a whole year to think.\" She snuggled closer to him and put down her wine glass. Their kisses were nothing like the Captain's and Maria's; these were soft but sweet passionate kisses; leaving no room for doubt about the desire and passion yet to come. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own any of these characters, and I don't know who does own them, although the m"},{"Movie":"One Special Night","Title":"The Secret of Christmas","Author":"vanillalilac","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6674670","Passage":"[Chapter 1] -Now that I read this I realize that it's not that great. It's just something I sat down and wrote after hearing this song for the first time in the context of a movie.- The Secret of Christmas It had almost been a year since Robert had taken her back to the cabin on Christmas Day. Everything had turned out perfectly that day. The spirit of Christmas was truly with them and they had promised each other to live each day to the fullest-together. Throughout the course of the year, though, they drifted apart. Robert's construction company gained a lot of business and Catherine was promoted to Chief of Staff at the hospital. With Christmas just around the corner, Catherine turned on the radio on her way to work. The station was playing Christmas songs and the first strings of \"The Secret of Christmas\" began to play. It's not the glow you feel when snow appears It's not the Christmas cards you've sent for years Not the joyful sound when sleigh bells ring Or the merry songs children sing The little gift you send on Christmas day Will not bring back the friend you've turned away So may I suggest the secret of Christmas It's not the things you do at Christmastime But the Christmas things you do all year through She had heard the song before but now all of a sudden the words took on a meaning to her. It wasn't just another song. She realized that even though Thanksgiving and Christmas held a special place in her and Robert's hearts, they couldn't expect those holidays to remain that special if they didn't keep the spirit of them alive in their lives the rest of the year. The little gift you send on Christmas day Will not bring back the friend you've turned away If they fought, THEY would need to find a way to resolve their differences and not just assume the holidays or some other event would do it for them. Yes, starting after work today there would be a change. So may I suggest the secret of Christmas It wouldn't be easy but the relationship her and Robert had was far too special to not give it everything they had. It's not the things you do at Christmastime But the Christmas things you do All year through -The End- *The song The Secret of Christmas is from the 1959 movie Say One for Me starring Bing Crosby, Debbie Reynolds, and Robert Wagner I know it's not Christmas anymore but blame Fox Movie Channel-they decided to show the movie now. (: ","Summary":" -Now that I read this I realize that it's not that great. It's just something I sat down and wrote "},{"Movie":"One Special Night","Title":"I've built my dreams around you","Author":"GraceBe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4733274","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Yountook my dreams from me When I first found you I kept them withnme, babe I put them with my own Can't make it all alone I'venbuilt my dreams around you – One special Christmas Eve Thensnow whirled in the air, built up pyramids of white crystals andndestroyed them the next second. Always waving, always moving, alwaysnchanging its destination. Snow storms were a bad habit of winter. Shenwas aware of it but this was insane. Just as it had been last year atnThanksgiving. It had snowed then just like it was snowing now. Onlynthat today was Christmas Eve and she was on her way to a Christmasndinner. She had hesitated for a long time to accept Steven'sninvitation but then she realized that after last year's Christmasnshe couldn't stand to be alone this year. William and Marinanweren't an option as they were on a trip to Hawaii to celebratentheir 30th wedding anniversary. So she had told Steven she wouldnspent Christmas Eve with him and his sister's family. Since he hadnjoined the hospital as the new head of internal medicine five monthsnago they had developed a relationship that some of the nursesndescribed as blossoming friendship and others as developing romance.nWhatever the difference was, she still didn't know and for somenreason she didn't care. For her it was most important that he wasnsomeone she could talk to when she was tired of the worried facialnexpressions of William and Marina. She couldn't stand the way theynpitied her since Robert had broken up with her. Robert… thenmost important factor was that Steven wasn't Robert. He lookedndifferent, smelled different, listened to different music and used tonlike her classic car. Gosh, the man was perfect and what she needednand yet… \"Don't,\" she told herself, \"don't youneven think of doing this!\" She closed her eyes and breathed inndeeply. \"He's out of your life. For good!\" She opened her eyesnagain deciding to concentrate on getting to Steven. As soon asnpossible. She was starving for some good, real food. Her last glassnof peanut butter had been found almost empty when she came home fromnthe hospital to change her clothes and take a shower. \"Whatnthe hell…\" A scream escaped her throat and despite knowing it wasnwrong she hit the brake, turned the steering wheel around to avoidnthe confused deer that was staring at her on the snowy street. Nowneverything was happening in slow motion. The deer wasn'tnmoving. Her heartbeat increased and the steering wheel in hernhands wasn't obeying her anymore. It just developed a dangerousnlife of its own. Her wheels didn't get a grip on the snow and herncar slithered away from the street into a snowdrift… ***** He had to escape. It didn't matter that hell was breakingnlose here. He didn't care for the snow or the cold. His vehicle wasna safe one. Not like certain other cars… damn, here it was again.nDamn, damn, damn… how he hated the holidays. This holiday innparticular. Holidays used to be peaceful and uneventful until he hadnmet her. And now, again an insane snow storm. If there was anGod out there he certainly enjoyed to torture him endlessly for hisnstupidity. He couldn't remember a time when all the Christmasnstuff had made him gloomy. Worse, all his gloom had turned intonaggression. The blinking trees, the green bows, the sweets, thenjoyful atmosphere, the smell of delicious food, but most of all thenuseless gifts everyone bought and received year after year after yearn– it all annoyed him badly. What a crap! Jacky had evenntaken to call him \"Scrooge\" when he had complained about all thenfuss Lori and she had made for Christmas. \"Who is Scrooge?\"nMichael had asked curiously and Jacky had bent down to her littlennephew and had explained mischievously: \"Scrooge was a mean old mannwho tried to take away people's joy over Christmas.\" \"Now,nisn't that a bit too mean?\" Lori had smirked before she hadntasted the sauce she had been stirring. \"Don't ask me,nbig sister.\" \"Rubbish.\" He couldn'tnunderstand what she added after he had left the busy kitchen but henwas quite sure he had heard the words \"Catherine\" and \"stupidnold man\" which had made him even grumpier. He didn't need hisngreen-eared daughter to remind him how stupid he had been for sendingnCatherine away because of his own bad conscious. He had hurtnher over something that was his problem… why didn't he havenenough spine to stand up for his decision and his love for her? Hownmany men his age found themselves lucky to have a woman likenCatherine at their side? A sensuous, beautiful, vibrant woman whonactually loved him and wanted to stay with him, an old immovablenobject like Robert Woodward? He had screwed it up… he definitelynhad screwed it up… and now it was too late to get her back. *** Itnhad all started the day he came home from work for a quick lunchnbreak and found his sister-in-law in his kitchen. Gone had the quicknsandwich he had speculated on and there had been the pasta… andnMaeve. He had always liked his sister-in-law. She was a downnto earth woman like Mary-Beth. She had been great with his girls whennthey were little and although her visits had become less frequentnover the years she called every now and then and asked how thingsnwere going. They had never lost touch even after Mary-Beth'snfuneral over six months ago but this summer was her first real visitnsince then. He shouldn't mind having her in the house. Andnyet… Maeve being in his kitchen cooking for him felt strange. Shenused to cook together with Mary during her earlier visits but itndidn't feel right without Mary-Beth in the picture. And it didn'tnfeel right with the thought of Catherine who would come back from anmedical congress in the States this afternoon. What would she thinknabout another woman cooking and living in his house? And the othernway round? How would Maeve react when she saw Catherine? Actually,nhe had always avoided to mention Catherine when Maeve and he had beenntalking on the phone. Not that he was hiding Catherine but he had nonidea how his late wife's sister would take the news that he was innquite a serious relationship with another woman. A relationship thatnhad lead him to move out of the bedroom he shared with Mary-Beth intonthe newly decorated spare room where he slept – with Catherine whennthey stayed in his house. Unfortunately,nhis conversation hadn't gone well. Actually, it had become a heatednargument before he actually had known what was going on. He had nonother idea who had told her about Catherine, but that didn'tnmattered in the end. To her Catherine was the other woman. Annintruder. Someone who had taken advantage of the weakness of a newnwidower. Maeve had thrown one of Catherine's nightgowns –nactually his favourite one - at him and had called him a cheater whonwas betraying Mary-Beth. \"Donyou think Mary-Beth would approve of a strange woman sleeping withnher husband in her house? Do you really think she would understandnhow you could turn to someone else so shortly after her death? Don'tnyou think she would mind that you can't keep your pants zipped? Younspit on my sister's memory for sex!\" Shenhad thrown every accusation at him that he had come up with bynhimself before he had decided to buy Howard and Millie's cabin. Henhad buried the guilt and had decided to live – with Catherine. *** Henhadn't seen Catherine for five days since she had to leave for ancongress in Washington D.C. She had wanted him to go with her andnspend some days together, but because of a problem with his presentnproject necessitating some urgent damage he had been forced to staynhome. He missed her terribly and the nightly telephone calls had onlynincreased the sense of distance. How he wished he had gone with hernto Washington… he never would have met Maeve in his own kitchen, hennever would have discussed his love life with her, he never wouldnhave been confronted with the possibility that Mary-Beth couldnactually hate him for moving on without her… The thoughtnhung above him like a black cloud and embosomed him with sadness. Henhad loved Mary-Beth and he loved Catherine. The two women couldn'tnhave been more different and yet he loved them both. The mother ofnhis beloved children and the woman who had brought him back to lifenat a time when he thought it was almost over. Fact wasnCatherine could infuriate him in one minute and made him laugh outnloud the next. They both had agreed on taking it slow with theirnrelationship. The last thing they wanted was hurting his daughters orngod forbid each other in the process of bonding and forming anrelationship that would last for the rest of their lives. Both keptntheir houses, both kept their jobs and friends. A great plan that hadnbeen complicated by one thing – their physical attraction for eachnother. Their wish to share each other's nearness… knowing thatnthe time they had together was precious and a rare gift at this stagenof their life. And now he was sitting here… in her housensitting on her staircase drinking the healthy tea she loved and henhated. He wasn't hungry after his argument with Maeve. Not thatnthere was anything in Catherine's house one could consider realnfood. Only peanut butter and jam but since he had promised her tontake her out after she came back it didn't matter. Whatnmattered was that he had decided to put a stop on them… not that hencould actually face losing her but he couldn't help it. It drovenhim insane, but Maeve's words echoed in his head and made it spinnfaster and faster. Although he hadn't wanted to listen to Maeve andnher Babbitt ideas of how a widower should behave, her words aboutnMary-Beth had gotten under his skin and were attacking him therenright now. The bad conscious he had fought during the weeksnafter Mary-Beth's death had slowly faded and had been replaced bynsomething life saving. The love he was feeling for Catherine. It hadnfilled his heart, but now the guilt was back. Undeniable and lifenthreatening. And it hurt. He needed a break to come to terms withnthis sudden attack of self-blame. He couldn't burden Catherine withnthose feelings… she had asked him over and over if being with hernwas what he really wanted… and he had said yes time and again. Henhad spent every free minute with her, had gotten to know her betternthan he thought he ever could know her, he had slept with her, hadngotten drunk on her bewitching nature and had fallen in love with hernevery morning she had awoken in his arms. \"I know men andntheir needs…,\" Maeve had said as if he was an animal. Why did henfeel like one now? \"Robert?\" Unnoticed by him thenfront door had opened and she had appeared in the hallway. She hadngotten some in Washington. Her eyes were widened in pleasant surprisenat seeing him. It was still unbelievable that she actually looked atnhim like that every time her eyes fell on him. \"Hey.\" Henrose from the stairs to greet her. Why was it that he couldn't takenhis eyes from her in return? They kissed hello but he jumpednpretending his cup to be in their way. \"Careful!\" \"Oh!\"nShe laughed and gave him a short kiss on the cheek. Then she lookedninside the cup and made a face. \"Is this… don't tell me… \"nShe smelled and chuckled. \"You must have missed me a lot if you'venstarted drinking my tea! Aren't you afraid the herbs will killnyou?\" \"Oh well… my stomach, you know.\" He shruggednand put the cup on the staircase behind him. \"Are you ill?\"nshe asked, immediately worried, and cupped his face with her hands tonlook him in the eyes. \"No… it's nothing. Really. Just a nervousnstomach.\" \"So how was your trip?\" he asked trying tonsound casual and backed off a bit. He wanted to put some physicalndistance between them. He had no idea how to act or what to say butnshe didn't seem to notice and simply wrapped her arms around hisnmiddle bringing their bodies closer together. \"Far toonlong… I was bored by the program. The hotel was fine though… thenbig bed I had to spend my lonely nights in really screamed fornanother person to fill it! But the shopping tour I made was quitensuccessful! You'll love the pieces I found!\" she told him with anmeaningful smile and brushed his lips with hers. He let itnhappen, closed his eyes and conceded defeat when he gave himself overnto the kiss. She was so warm, felt so good in his arms. So perfect.nHe had missed her too. So much. And now he ached for her… a feelingnthat increased with every second their tongues danced their ownntango. His hands roamed over her back up to her neck where he couldntouch her warm skin. Satisfied with their kiss she moaned into hisnmouth before she pulled back a bit. \"Mhhhhhhhh… you tastenwild, do you know that?\" \"Wild?\" His lips ran over herncheeks up to her forehead. He was too absorbed by her scent and thenmagic she worked on him to realize what she was actually saying. \"Like wild herbs.\" She laughed tenderly and looked up tonhim. With her thumb she caressed his lower lip and wiped off thenlipstick she had left on them. \"Isn't that a littlenparadox, Doctor Howard?\" \"Noo…,\" she answered, ansmile still playing around her lips. \"I really missed you, do younknow that? We haven't been apart for one day since Christmas…\" \"I know.\" His voice was husky. He should simply talk tonher… spill the beans, ask for some time to think and leave…nescape from her. Escape from every temptation to hurt her. \"Inhave an idea,\" she said and played with the buttons of his shirt.n\"We order some good food… get some wine from my small butnexquisite wine cellar and spend the evening here.\" She sneaked hernarms around his neck and gave him a seductive glance. Her lips werenclose to his again, almost touching them, teasing them and waitingnfor him to kiss her. God, she was a tempting woman. She had let downnall her defences for him and as time had moved on she had started tonattack. She always aimed to please him, tease him and tempt him…nand she never failed. Not even now that his heart was heavy andnpoisoned by sadness and relived grief. If he didn't stop her henwould end up in bed with her. Maybe he was just what Maeve had callednhim – a man who had his needs and didn't think about who he wasnhurting in the process. \"Catherine…\" He drew a deepnbreath to regain some strength and removed her arms from his neck.n\"Catherine… we have to talk.\" Why for God's sake was she here? Catherine's eyesnwandered around and caught every detail in the cabin. Of course,nnothing had changed since she had been here the last time. Herninstincts told her he hadn't been around much either. And whynshould he? He had bought the cabin for them and he didn'tnwant to be with her, so why should he spend any time in here? Butnobviously he hadn't sold it either. The key had been in thenold secret place where he had placed it once \"in case we ever getnstranded again and need a place to warm up.\" What a joke! Shencursed the day she had decided to offer him a lift through the snow.nIt hadn't been her responsibility. No matter how good looking henwas and how lost he seemed. She should have stayed away… it couldnhave spared her a broken heart. She sighed. What could shendo? She had gotten stranded, lucky that she wasn't hurtnafter her car had run straight into the snowdrift, and had no othernchoice than coming here. Her clothes were wet and she wasnhalf-frozen, because her dress was hardly made for the weathernoutside. Thank god she had at least been intelligent enough to have ansecond pair of real shoes with her and not only her high heels. Herncell didn't work and the phone in the cabin wasn't workingneither. Steven was waiting for her and she had no chance to reachnhim. She was alone in a cabin she hated because it was linked to anman she loved who had decided to drop her like a hot potato. \"Damn!\" She yelled into the cold room. \"Damn,ndamn, damn!\" *** \"What on earth…?\" Robert slammed his car door shut andnpulled the collar of his jacket closer around his neck. Through thenwild snowfall he could see smoke coming out from the chimney of hisncabin. If he didn't know better he would say the ghost of Christmasnpast was visiting him tonight. Whether it was him and not somenstranger who had broken into his cabin didn't matter. He would kicknout both of them. He sneaked around the cabin. No window wasnbroken and through the frozen up glass he couldn't see much asidenfrom a few burning candles. His surprise about the fact that someonenhad found the key and used it to get into the cabin turned quicklyninto shock when he marched into his vacation home. Her scent hit himnlike a fist in the stomach. Could it be that even after half a yearnCatherine's smell was still hanging in the air? Her sweet specialnscent mixed up with Chanel. Her favourite perfume. What a lousy ideanto come here! He looked around. The cabin had already warmednup and someone had started to make himself comfortable. He saw a cellnphone lying on the table, a coat thrown over the new sleeping couchnhe had bought – actually the only thing he had replaced – and hencould hear running water out of the bathroom. He had never reallynrepaired the stupid door, which again had found a life of its own andnhad opened a bit all by itself. \"Hello?\" he asked andnwaited. He sighed in annoyance when he didn't receive a responsenand moved closer to the bathroom door. He peeked into the steamy roomnand raised his eyebrows when he saw a bunch of clothes lying on thenfloor that looked strangely like expensive black silk… then henglimpsed the thin long nylon stockings and a smile appeared on hisnface. A lady in his bathroom. And no male partner around it seemed. He cleared his throat: \"Excuse me, please, but I'm thenowner of this cabin.\" *** Her heart stopped beatingnand the panic that rose in her was like a wave made of fire when shenheard his voice through the sound of the running water. He was there.nIn the cabin. Only a few steps away while she stood naked under hisnshower. There was no escape and no help. It was the most awful,nembarrassing situation she could think of… it even hurt to hear hisnvoice. How would she feel when she had to face him? Shensearched blindly for the faucet and turned the water off. \"Lady,nplease. I don't know why you're here but I would love to know…\"nHe sounded amused and light-hearted. She could see the smilenplastered on his face without standing in front of him. Bastard. Hernpanic turned into anger. With one quick movement she grabbed thenshower curtain to cover herself and whirled around to face him overnthe edge of the curtain: \"This Lady here could ask you the verynsame.\" \"Catherine!\" He turned pale and for a second shenfeared he would faint. At least she had caught him completely offnguard. \"What the hell are you doing here?\" His face went red andnhis eyebrows narrowed. A dangerous sign as far as she knew. \"Believe me, I'm not here of my own free will!\" \"Thatndoesn't answer my question!\" he shouted helplessly trying tonignore the fact that she was naked behind the stupid white wet showerncurtain. \"Would you care to move your behind out of thisnroom so that I can dress myself?\" She hadn't changed atnall. \"I'm waiting in the living room,\" he hissednbetween clenched teeth. Then his eyes fell on a towel that hung bynthe wall. He took it and threw it into her direction before he torenthe door into the lock behind him. \"What a mess.\" Henwhispered and leaned against the door, the handle still in his fistnwhile the other one lay flatly on the old wood. \"Damn, Catherine.\" Wasnthis fate or rotten luck? Catherine under his shower out of the blue…nas always no warning before she walked into his life to shake it up.nAgain nothing that warned him about the risk of losing it upon hernmere sight. Shouldnhe fight this like he had done before or should he try to make thingsnup to her? She caught the towel with one hand and nearly slipped in thenwet tub. What a jerk. He knew she was lousy in catching things.nRubbing the towel over her wet face she cursed into the fabric. Whennhe heard what had happened to her he would just laugh straight intonher face and make fun of her. Trembling she climbed out ofnthe tub and dried herself as quickly as possible. When she picked upnher clothes she realized that they were as wet as before. Shencouldn't wear them without risking a cold or worse. If she put themnon though, he would notice how wet they were and call her stupid…nFighting for patience and composure she looked around. His bathrobenwas hanging behind the door. The ugliest one she had ever seen on himnand which she had thrown away once. He had found out about it and dugnit out of the plastic bag she had hidden it in. If she weren't sonpissed with her momentary situation she would laugh about it… *** He took his jacket off and threw it on the couch. How thenhell had she gotten in here? What was she doing here? Why today? Whynat all? He had no idea how to face her or what to say to her.nThe only time they had met since he had broken up with her had beennat Murray's about two weeks after his painful exit out of her life.nWhat a legendary disaster. He had been there with Maeve and Michaelnto eat chocolate chip pancakes. He had known she had enterednthe restaurant before he had seen her. Sometimes he wished Murrayndidn't love to chit chat with his guests. Of course, Michael hadnrecognized her voice and had started to search for her. The boy hadnbecome quite fond of her over the few months they had spent togethernand he knew Catherine loved him dearly. So it hadn't been anmiracle that he had run towards her to wrap his short arms aroundnher. Joyfully, he had insisted on having breakfast with her. He couldnstill remember the expression on her face, how much she hated tondisappoint Michael and how embarrassed she felt when their eyes hadnmet across the crowded restaurant. It had broken his heart to see hownshe had drawn wrong conclusions when her eyes had fallen on Maeve andnhim. But brave as she was she had told Michael as gently asnpossible that she had to go back to the hospital, because she had tontake care of a little baby girl like his sister. Reluctantly he hadnlet her go and she had vanished without even taking with her thencoffee she had ordered. It would have been his chance to talknto her, but Maeve's presence stopped him. Now, there wasn't anynMaeve… and no Michael. They were alone in the cabin caught innanother snowstorm… *** She had known he would dump her. The second she saw himnsitting on her staircase moping into his tea she had known it wasnover between them. He had that certain look of someone who wasnburdened with guilt and shame. In one last desperate attempt to keepnhim she had made a fool of herself and had tried to seduce him. Atnfirst it had seemed to work and then he had retreated to tell her itnwas over between them. Until today she couldn't remembernhis actual words. Her defensive shields had protected her… shencould recall he had talked about abusing her… about Mary-Beth andnhis love for her… that it had been too early for him… that it hadnbeen more of a physical relationship than one formed on a emotionalnbasis and that she wasn't the woman he wanted to burden with hisninsecurities. Moments later she had thrown him out of hernhome because she had indeed felt abused… abused because they hadnspent all those wonderful months together. Abused because she hadnbeen deeply in love with him while he had reduced everything to thenphysical part. \"Here I am,\" she announced as she enterednthe living room wrapped in his ugly brown bathrobe. Henwhirled around and narrowed his eyes when he recognised his robe.n\"Comfortable?\" \"Actually not. But my clothes are wetnand I don't want to risk catching a cold.\" \"I see…nso… why are you here? Did you lose your way?\" \"I had ansmall accident. I could choose whether to drive into a deer or into ansnowdrift. I took the snowdrift and before you ask – the deer isnfine.\" \"My god… are you sure you're alright?\" henasked in alarm and studied her face closely. She seemed unhurt… butnwho knew… \"Let me guess, your classic antique let you downnagain?!\" \"It was my Jeep that let me down. I'm sorry tondisappoint your prejudices.\" Hencouldn't really expect from her to see him in him less than a machonand still it hurt to hear her saying it. Deep down inside he hadnhoped she knew him better. He sighed. \"Well, my car isnfine. Just tell me where you want to go and I take you there… whennyour clothes are dry.\" He let his eyes roam over her robe forcingnthe blood into her cheeks. \"Well… I should hang themnsomewhere to dry… the faster I get out of here the better!\" \"Inthink I still have this clotheshorse here… I'll get it for you.\"nWith a swift movement he took his jacket from the couch and wentnto the door. He just needed to escape for some time… he needed tonrecover from their sudden meeting. He needed to recover from her andnwhat she was still doing to him. \"It's outside?\" shenasked in disbelief. \"There's a little room in thenbackroom of the house. I store it there. I'll be right back. Makenyourself useful and make us some tea… or tea for you and for me ancoffee. I think I need one!\" \"I see your stomach isnbetter,\" she couldn't hide a mean grin. \"Some thingsnare just a matter of peace, I guess.\" That hit home and he knew it.nFrom one second to the other he saw her eyes breaking. He turned onnhis heels and escaped the cabin. Once outside he cursed loudly. \"Youndarn, friggin idiot!\" What was he doing? Truthnwas he had no idea… being with her in one room had shown himnwithout any doubt that he still loved her…. He loved her. Her wit,nher sarcasm, her beauty… Henloved her, he wanted her and what was he doing? He kept hurting her.nGod, if he wanted to turn this around he needed a lot of luck andngoodwill from the old man up there. He burned his tongue when he sipped from the coffee. It wasnso strong that he feared a heart attack once he had finished onlynhalf of it. \"Ouch.\" \"Are you alright?\" shenasked provocatively. \"I'm fine.\" With growingninterest he observed her while she was adjusting her clothes on thensmall clotheshorse. He had even found some almost broken clothespinsnin an old sack. As he had figured out before the clothes werenexpensive and very appealing. Black silk… if he assumed correctly.nA jacket underlining her soft curves. A top with small, tastefulnsilver ornaments and a skirt…. Not too short and not too long. Hencould visualize her wearing it… how it exposed her knees and a fewninches of her thighs when she sat down… He swallowed and forcednhimself to look somewhere else. Would she dress up like thatnfor a dinner with friends? Even on Christmas Eve? She was alwaysndressed elegantly but in general her clothing was less 'flashy' -nmore down to earth and yet tasteful. \"Where will you gontonight?\" He tried to sound casual and sipped again from the ratnpoison she had prepared for him. \"A friend.\" \"Anfriend? Do I know her?\" \"No. It's a he.\" Thenhot coffee spilled over his shirt. \"A he? A man?\" Shenturned her head. \"Yes, you know one of your species. Just a littlenmore civilized. You spilled coffee on your shirt.\" She hadnfinished to fix her clothes and stepped closer to the fireplace. Shenrubbed the palms of her hands over her arms. \"I see… younwere going on a date.\" \"It's not a date,\" shenexplained a bit too short-tempered, \"it's dinner with hisnfamily.\" His heart dropped a little more. \"Does that meannyou and he have passed the stage of dating or did you simply skip thendating?\" She turned her head to him. She had a handful ofninsults and swear words stuck in her throat waiting to jump rightninto his face but they didn't feel good enough. What was henthinking? Wasn't he the one who skipped dating in the first placenwhen he brought her into his damn cabin one year ago? \"Stevennis a gentleman. He just thinks it's time to introduce me to hisnfamily.\" \"How nice. Where did you find him? Did you trynto kill him as well?\" Pretending to be uninterested he went intonthe kitchen. He turned the water on, dampened a cloth and tried tonremove the coffee spot from his shirt. \"He works with me innthe hospital. He's our new head of internal medicine.\" \"Anothernimpressive doctor!\" he spit out ironically and added a curse whennhe realized the useless rubbing of the coffee spot only made thingsnworse. The spot grew bigger and bigger. He intended to keep himselfnbusy enough to ignore that she wasn't be wearing much under his oldnrobe. Unfortunately, it was easier said than done. He could imaginenevery inch of her body under the dark fabric. Her soft curves, hernwarm skin, her countless freckles… how it felt to hold her in hisnarms. How she tasted and how she had used to take his breath awaynwhen they kissed… \"What are you doing there?\" Shenfollowed him into the kitchen. When she saw his useless effort tonclean his shirt she smiled amusedly and leaned against the high boardnwith her arms crossed over her chest. \"Fascinating… are you surenyou know what you are doing?\" \"Of course!\" \"Givenme the shirt! I'll try to clean it. I don't want to watch younkilling yourself. I still have a dinner to attend and I don't knownwhere your car keys are.\" Angrily he threw the cloth in thensink. \"Thanks, but no!\" \"It's no problem for me,\"nshe offered generously and gave him a wide smile. \"Sincenwhen are you the wifey type?\" \"People have to live andnsurvive somehow, Robert. Especially women have to do so since mennhave the tendency to run away when they feel bored… or stressednout.\" \"I won't give you my shirt.\" He decided calmlynand dried his hands on a towel. \"Alright… well, I guessnat home you have a real housewife waiting for you.\" She shruggednand walked back into the living room. \"Besides, shouldn't you benhome for Christmas instead of coming here?\" \"Look,nCatherine, I know I disturbed you in here but it's my cabin and mynvacation home and if I want to spend Christmas Eve in here I do spendnChristmas Eve in here!\" \"It was just a question.\" \"Ingo out to get my cell phone!\" \"You have a lot of thingsnstored outside!\" He ignored her sarcastic comment andngrabbed his jacket. \"I'll be right back.\" She sank ontonthe couch biting her tongue before another comment could slip out. When he didn't come back after 10 minutes she rose from thencouch and peeked out of the window. She could see him through thenwhirling snow flakes. At least he was still moving. The light in hisnjeep was switched on. The last thing she needed was him having anheart attack out there. Before he could notice her checkingnon him she sneaked back to the couch. Her glance fell on her clothesnin front of the fireplace. She got up again and touched the fabric ofnher top. The soft material was still a bit damp but thank god itnseemed to dry faster than she had thought. A pity she wouldn't looknas perfect for the dinner as she had intended… not that Stevennwould mind. He always said there wasn't no way she could ever looknnot beautiful to him. But what was it worth? Robert had told her thenvery same months ago… \"My cell doesn't work!\" henannounced when he returned into the cabin. \"And it took younover 15 minutes to find that out?\" \"It had fallen behindnmy seat. I had to search for it. Besides I only wanted to help you toncall your gigolo… he can keep the turkey in the oven for some timenlonger! The snow storm is getting worse!\" \"Oh it is?\"nStretching her head she tried to catch a glimpse out of the window.n\"By the way, Steven is no gigolo! He's a nice, decent man!\" \"Whatever… if you want me to drive you anywhere we shouldngo now! The last thing I want, is to spend the night here!\" \"Verynwell then. My clothes are dry.\" She picked her clothes from thenclotheshorse and went to the bathroom. \"Did you ever seen\"Psycho\"?\" \"Shut up!\" The door fell intonthe lock and he could hear that she saved it with the wooden chair.nSome things never change. *** \"So, lets go!\" Shenswung her scarf around her head and marched out of the front door.nRobert followed her on her heels and opened the car door for her. \"Milady.\" She gave him a look and climbed intonthe car. \"Thank you.\" He closed the door andnrushed around the car. He climbed in next to her, rubbed his coldnhands and loosened the hand brake. \"Here we go,\" he saidnand turned the key to start to car. The machine produced anstrange sound that provoked Catherine's eyebrows to rise. \"What?nTry again!\" He tried again and except another dying noisennothing happened. \"What the hell…\" Robert tried tonstart the car over and over again but nothing happened. Annoyed withnthe world and herself Catherine rolled her eyes. \"Are you tellingnme that this reliable vehicle of yours is dead?\" \"Seemsnso. Damn!\" He hit the steering wheel with his hands. \"It must benthe gasoline again! That damn petrol meter! It's broken. It's thensecond time in a row this happened!\" \"We ran out ofnfuel?\" she asked in utter disbelief. \"We are here in the middlenof a snowstorm without any fuel?\" \"Yes. That's what Inwas implying.\" He leaned back in his seat and waited for thenthunder to arrive. And of course he didn't end up disappointed. \"You're such an idiot! Don't you even have a jerrycannfor emergencies?\" \"Nope.\" He took a deep breath. \"Look,nI'm sorry…\" \"Oh, just keep your mouth shut… younbloody… I don't know what you are!!\" She stormed out of the carnand back into the cabin while he followed her at a much slower pace. *** Insidenthe cabin she threw her scarf and her coat onto the couch. \"I neednsomething to drink!\" she declared frustrated and went into thenkitchen to search the cupboards. \"Can I help you?\" Robertnasked while taking off his jacket. \"Where's the wine? Inknow we had more than enough wine in here!\" \"It's notnhere anymore.\" \"Great.\" She slammed the doors of thencupboard and straightened up again. \"Well, try the coffee.nIt's strong enough.\" \"The coffee is cold,\" shenanswered dejectedly and leaned against the kitchen counter. \"What anmess.\" \"I'm as unhappy about the situation as you are,\"nhe said and sat down on the couch. \"But it seems we have stay herenfor the night.\" She didn't move. She simply stared on thenfloor. He observed her profile and couldn't help but think hownbeautiful she looked. Those clothes exposed every detail of her bodynhe would love to rediscover. He had felt young with her. Sondarn loved and wanted. Mary-Beth hadn't desired him anymore in thenlast years of their marriage. But Catherine had wanted him with allnher heart, and she had given herself to him. The idea of simply goingnto her and kiss her senseless crossed his mind. His eyednglided over her body, from her legs, over her knees, her hips andnfinally her breasts. Every detail of her wonderful figure. Should itnscare him that there was nothing he wouldn't do to touch her again?nEvery inch he was admiring right now? Every inch he already knew sonwell and ached to feel under his fingers again? \"Stephannwill survive one evening without you! So come here and sit down withnme!\" \"I had better offers lately! And his name isnSteven!\" \"Okay, okay… you know I think I have somenmarshmallows left in here. Maybe even some hot chocolate… whatnabout a game of scrabble?\" He rose from the couch and passed hernopening the doors she had just closed and seemingly searching fornsomething. \"Marshmallows, hot chocolate and scrabble?nRobert, it's not my intention to sit around here and spend a cosynevening with you!\" \"Ah, there they are.\" With a widensmile he held the package with marshmallows in front of her nose.n\"Well, what other options do you have? It's cold and darknoutside. Your car is dead, my car is dead… all we have in thisnlovely marshmallow world are some marshmallows and a lot of time!\"nHe smirked and she grabbed the marshmallows out of his hands to checknthe package. \"They're expired! If you want to poison me you havento come up with something else!\" \"Spoilsport. You knownthey have to write something on the package!\" \"Forgetnit!\" She threw the package into the sink and turned on her heels. \"Okay! If you want to leave, leave but don't expect me tonhelp you! I'm too old for nightmarish adventures in the snow!\" \"True.\" She drew a deep breath and faced himnagain. \"I'm sorry, but I really expected my Christmas to bendifferent.\" \"I can understand that,\" he responded morensoftly. As much as it was fun to argue with her it was also tiring. \"And I'm sure you had something else in mind as well whennyou came here.\" \"I was searching for some peace. Thenhouse was a bit too lively for me this year,\" he admitted. Henobserved Catherine while she took the shoes off that really didn'tnfit with the rest of her wardrobe and sank down on the couch. Hernfacial expression revealed a sadness that cut straight through hisnheart and left a bleeding wound there. What if she really wanted tonspend Christmas with that guy? What if she had really fallen in lovenwith him? What if she had moved on? Once again his eyesnwandered over her body, but this time they got stuck at her neck…nher throat. The delicious place he loved to kiss because he knew itndrove her mad… \"Where's your necklace?\" \"Hm?\" \"The one I dug out of the snow for you! The one Tom gave tonyou. You don't wear it!\" \"No, I don't,\" she saidntiredly. \"I haven't been wearing it for a long time.\" \"Why?\"nHe knew he sounded like a disappointed child but that she hadnabandoned the necklace hurt him. Almost more than the thought she wasnin love with someone else. \"I've decided not to stick tonthe past any longer. It hurts.\" \"But what…\" He didn'tnunderstand and maybe he didn't want to. \"No but, Robert!nI'm not like you.\" She rubbed her forehead and turned her facenaway. \"What do you mean with that?\" \"Nothing.\" \"Don't say nothing, because I know it's not nothing!\"nHe closed the distance between them but before he reached her she hadnhad risen from the couch. She crossed the room and with her armsncrossed over her chest she stood at the window and stared out intonthe snow storm. \"Catherine… please, talk to me,\" hensaid calmly and followed her. \"About what do you want tontalk? About you and me? About the way you decided to kick me out ofnyour life? About your so-called bad conscious towards your wife?\"nShe gave him a cold glance. She didn't like her outburst but it hadnbeen overdue. \"That I was good enough to warm your bednafter all this time you didn't get any? That you dropped me like anhot potato when you replaced me with a woman who looks like yournwife? I bet she even cooks Italian for you just like Mary-Beth in thengood old times!\" \"That's not true!\" he said firmly,n\"you know it wasn't like that! Maybe, I told you so… but I wasnconfused…\" \"I bet you were!\" \"I nevernexchanged you for anyone. I could never do such a thing!\" Henstepped closer and touched her upper arms. He could feel her stiffennand squeezed them tenderly. \"There was nothing between Maeve andnme… you misjudged the situation when you saw us at Murray's!\" \"She lives in your house! I've seen her cleaning yournwindows, picking up your mail and painting your fence! And don'tntouch me!\" She freed herself from his grip and paced the room. \"She's just my sister-in-law!\" \"Howncomfortable. It stays in the family then!\" \"Do you reallynthink I would do something like that?\" \"I don't knownwhat you would do!\" She was close to lose her composure.nShe was screaming at him. She almost hated him. The situation wasnslipping out of her hands and she feared that if they didn't stopnto argue she would just break down and cry. She had to be strongernthan that. She had a certain amount of pride left afternall! \"Catherine… I say it one more time. There's nothingnbetween Maeve and me… there never was anything between us. She hasnleft my house two weeks ago. I admit she was the one who planted allnthose crazy ideas in my head but… but mostly it was my own fault. Inwas a fool… I felt guilty because I was too happy with you. I lovednyou too much… I wanted you too much. I couldn't understand how mynlove for you could just grow day by day while my memory of Mary-Bethnwas fading… I told you and myself it was just physical because Inwas scared to love you more than I ever loved her… does that makenany sense?\" Against her better judgement she listened tonhim and the tears that had been stuck in her throat started to runnover her cheeks. But she was still fighting them. She was fightingnthe pain inside her. His words were meant to be comforting and yetnthey hurt so much. Loving him – even now – hurt too much. She hadnburied all those feelings and now they were rushing over her like anTsunami. His words did make sense, but who guaranteed hendidn't send her away once more when his bad conscious got the bestnof him again? She loved him with her whole being and she wouldn'tnsurvive if she lost him again. \"Catherine… are younlistening to me?\" Why was he so close all of a sudden? He stoodnright in front of her. She could smell his after shave and felt hisnhands on her face. He wiped her tears away, gently pulled her closernto him. \"I love you, Catherine. I do love so much. Comenhere.\" She let it happen that he wrapped his arms around her andnpressed her to him. She let it happen that her tears fell uncheckednover her face and wet his shoulder. How she had missed him and hisnembrace. His arms had once been the safest place she could imagine.n\"I'm so sorry. Just tell me you forgive me! I can't livenwithout you, my darling. I don't want to live without you!\" Herntears dried out slowly and after a few moments she backed off. Shenwas confused and tried drying her face with her hands. He pulled outnhis handkerchief and gave it to her. \"Here.\" She took itnand stepped back, demanding space for herself. \"Don't…. justnlet me,\" she said and blew her nose. \"Okay.\" He wantednto allow her to collect her thoughts. He sensed that putting pressurenon her was the wrong thing to do. It would only scare her away. Asidenfrom the flickering fire and the howling wind outside the housennothing could be heard. Time seemed to stand still while both triednto sort out their feelings. \"What you said makes sense,\"nshe said lowly after a while. Her hands clenched the handkerchief herneyes were fixed on. \"But it doesn't erase any of the pain you putnme through… I felt so low when you left me. You let me believe Inwas good enough for your bed but not worthy of your heart or yournlife.\" \"You know that isn't true… you know I respectnyou.\" \"Do I?\" \"At least I hope so.\" Shenshook her head. \"I felt loved and respected by you. I really did.nBut now…\" Her voice was breaking and she moved backwards step bynstep… away from him and the pain he brought over her. \"You brokenmy heart, Robert… I can't stay with you. Not ever again.\" Then everything happened faster than he realized it. Hisnhandkerchief dropped on the floor, she whirled around the room,ngrabbed her shoes from her floor, put them on and then rushed to pullnher coat on and wrap her scarf around her neck. \"I have to get outnof here!\" She only said and almost stumbled over her feet while shenran to the door. \"No, Catherine! You can't go out there!\"nHe reached her, grabbed her arm but she merely hissed: \"Don't youndare to touch me, and don't follow me!\" \"But it'snsuicide to go out there! You'll get lost!\" \"I'mnalready lost!\" she snapped back She slammed the door rightninto his face. He tore the door open and ran after her. Outside thenharsh cold wind and even more snow welcomed him. \"Catherine!\" henscreamed, but of course there was no answer. \"Come back here!nCatherine!\" He cursed loudly and went back into the cabin.nQuickly he picked up his jacket and put it on. On his way outside henclosed the zipper and ran almost into Catherine who stood in thendoor. *** Hernface was expressionless. \"Catherine.\" A smile broadenednhis face. She was back… she hadn't run away from him. She wasnthere. \"Inside,\" she ordered briskly and he obeyed stillndumbfounded upon her sudden reappearance. She followed himnwith her arms crossed behind her back. \"What happened?\"nhe asked almost happily about the turn of events. \"Younegoistic, self-righteous, obnoxious bastard!\" Hisnjaw dropped as she produced a jerrycan from behind the back and threwnit in front of his feet. \"No gasoline? While you werenoutside to get your ridiculous cell phone you were filling thengasoline from your car into the can! It wasn't very clever to hidenit behind the wood outside. I fell over it.\" \"Shit.\" Henclosed his eyes and turned his face. \"What were younthinking? Did you think repeating last year's events would bring menback into your bed? I can almost imagine the sick ideas that werenrunning through your head! You make me ill!\" \"Catherine…nIt wasn't my intention to insult you! All I wanted was more timenwith you!\" He knew he sounded silly but he couldn't helpnhimself. \"More time? For what?\" \"To convince younthat I still love you and that I want you back!\" \"Greatnstory!\" Exhaustedly she pointed at the jerrican on the floor. \"Incan't stand this one minute longer. Just fill it back where itnbelongs and bring me away from here!\" He looked at her andnshook his head. If they broke up here their last chance to get backnwould pass. He couldn't let that happen. \"No, I won't.\" \"Excuse me?\" \"We won't go anywhere. We staynhere until we have talked this out!\" She looked at him andnfor a second he feared she would start laughing. Instead she onlynwhispered: \"Why are you doing this to me? Can't you just leave menalone?\" \"And let you go to someone you don't love,nbecause you can't stand being alone on Christmas?\" \"Younhave no idea what you're talking about! And you certainly have nonidea about Steven and me!\" \"I think I have an idea aboutnthe two of you… I've seen him in front of your house… he nevernstayed over night… and you never stayed in his house. I've seennyour car in front of your house every morning when I drove by. If Indidn't know any better I'd say he's just a ghost!\" \"Inwon't listen to this! Just go outside and prepare your car becausenI'm going to see him tonight! Even if I have to go there all bynmyself!\" Her yelling was inspired by helplessness. She knew he wasnright. She knew that he knew he was perfectly right, she couldn'tnadmit it. She didn't want him to have this power over her. Shenbent down to pick up the can but he was faster than her and took itnaway hiding it behind his back. \"Well, have a good walk,nthen.\" \"You…,\" she started but he only raised hisnfree hand. \"I won't drive you to him to let you screw himnsenseless into Christmas Day. That's not my idea of the spirit ofnChristmas! Sorry!\" The anger that boiled inside her wasnhard to control. Jumping at him to scratch his eyes out for playingnher like that was the nicest idea to cross her mind. Well, at somenpoint he would have to go home as well. \"You know what?\"nshe asked in a trembling voice. \"You want to stay here? Okay… wenstay here… you stay right here!\" She pointed at the couch. \"AndnI stay up there!\" Now she pointed at the small bedroom overnthe living room. \"What?\" he asked bewildered. \"Younheard me.\" She took a cushion from the couch and went to thenladder. \"I'll sleep upstairs. You can stay here. At least I'llnbe safe from you up there!\" \"Catherine, don't benstupid… you're afraid of heights!\" \"Who said that?\" \"I know it. Catherine, please… don't do this. Therenisn't even a blanket up there! You'll freeze!\" \"That'snhardly a point of your concern!\" she said and started to climb upnthe ladder. He sighed and looked away. By the second she realizednwhat she was doing she would freeze and he wouldn't be able to makenher climbing down because she would cling to the ladder scared tondeath… just like the day when she had wanted to help Michael tonclimb down a tree and had been more scared in the end than the boy. \"Catherine. Come down.\" She wasn't listeningnand continued to climb up the ladder. With the useless cushion in hernhand her long, heavy coat the mission wasn't that easy tonaccomplish. He saw her falling before it actually happened.nHer shoe got caught in the seam of her coat, she lost her balance andnwith a sharp scream she fell. The cushion flew across the room andnalmost hit him on his way to her. He couldn't catch her anymore andnso she ended right on her back. \"Catherine!\" He sank nextnto her on knees and bent over her. \"Are you alright?\" Hernmien turned into a painful grimace when she turned her head to him. \"Are you hurt?\" He asked worriedly and she arched hernback a bit. \"No… it's just a… ouch… I think. Nothingnbroken,\" she said hoarsely and sat slowly up. With his hand hencarefully supported her back. His eyes were dark with concern as henlooked at her. \"Shall I bring you to a doctor?\" \"Inam a doctor,\" she reminded him while she stretched. \"I'mnalright.\" \"Are you sure?\" \"Yes!\" Henhelped her to remove her coat. \"Let me help you to get up!\" She shook her head. \"No, lets just sit here.\" Suddenly,nshe realized his hands were on her shoulder and her back and movednaside to avoid him. He noticed and his concern turned into anger. \"Damn it, Catherine!\" he shouted and dragged her close tonhim. \"What do you want me to do to convince you of my love? Shall Inclimb onto the roof and yell it to the mountains? Do I have to crossnthe Atlantic to buy you some scraps of this disgusting tea you lovenso much?\" She was trembling in his clutch because henscreamed straight into her face. His hands on her upper arms held herntight without hurting her. His eyes connected with hers and created anspell between them she couldn't escape. Wasn't him caring for hernall she ever wanted? Was being close to him not what she had achednfor the past few months? When he felt her reluctance fadingnhis right hand moved up to her face. He caressed her cheekbonentenderly with his thumb and whispered huskily: \"Catherine…nplease… I love you.\" After what seemed to be anneternity she closed the distance between them and brushed his lipsnwith hers. Her eyes were still open, still fixed on his… stillnevaluating whether what she did was right. \"I love you,\"nhe whispered against her mouth and that was it. She bent forward andnkissed him fully on the lips. His arms flew around her immediately,nbringing her to him as closely as possible. Their mouths meldednslowly, carefully and full of hesitation. Both kept their eyes opennobserving the other. Her lips parted under the gentle teasing of thentip of his tongue allowing him to deepen the kiss. Her hands sneakednup and came to rest on his neck guiding him as their kiss becamenhungrier. God, they had used to spend hours with kissing.nSlow and tender. Hard and duelling. They had kissed like teenagersnthrough whole afternoons until their lips had been swollen. Theyndidn't need long to rekindle their old kissing rhythm. Connected inntheir embrace they sank to the floor without breaking theirnkiss. *** His fingers were searching for hers,nentangling them, squeezing them gently. She welcomed the pressure andnsent it back. His lips nuzzled her neck and she arched against him asnshivers ran up and down her spine. After their bodies hadnstarted to protest about their kissing session on the cold, hardnfloor they settled down on the sleeping couch. Robert had started annew fire in the fireplace while Catherine had removed her winternshoes. And now the room was filled with the sound of softnmoans and whispered words of love and devotion. Legs were entangled,nhands and mouths were busy with rediscovering and pampering eachnother's bodies. Catherine sighed wholeheartedly whennRobert's palm ran over her thigh to her bottom and from there tonher breasts. She had always thought that his hands were meant tonworship her body. He caressed her through the silk of her top sendingnnew thrills of anticipation through her veins… \"I have tonadmit something,\" she mumbled against his mouth. \"Tellnme…\" \"This is physical… absolutely and utterly.\" He grinned and nibbled at her lower lip. \"And it's love.nSay you love me too, Catherine.\" \"I do love you, Robert.nWith all my heart.\" \"And Steven?\" She cuppednhis face with her hands and gave him a loving glance. \"He's justna friend. A good friend but nothing more. We didn't even kissnyet.\" \"Thank God. I'm the jealous type, you know.\" She chuckled and caressed the coffee spot on his shirt. \"Whonwould have guessed that?\" \"You enjoyed teasing me aboutnhim, right?\" \"Absolutely.\" \"And this stuffnyou're wearing here…\" He played with the strap of her silk top.n\"One could think…\" She placed her index finger on hisnmouth and interrupted him. \"His family owns tons and tons of money…nI thought I should better dress up before I make a fool of myself innfront of them. Besides… I bought it in Washington this summer. Itnwas meant to please you.\" \"Oh, it certainly does pleasenme,\" he grinned, pulled down the strap and kissed her nakednshoulder. \"All this time without you was a living hell.\" \"Andnwhy didn't you come to me?\" \"I was scared… I treatednyou so badly. I thought I didn't deserve another chance.\" \"Oh,nyou don't… but since it's Christmas…I'll have mercy.\" Theynkissed again and he answered her comment with a grin. \"I like thenkind of mercy you show me.\" \"I bet you do…. But younknow… I'm missing something.\" \"What?\" he askednalready concerned what she was about to complain about. \"It'snnot actually like Christmas in here at all… no tree, no mistletoe…\" \"You want mistletoe and a tree?\" he asked in relief. \"Of course! A decorated tree… and candy. Lot's ofncandy!\" \"Well, we have that at home. Jaclyn flooded thenhouse with mistletoe since her new boy toy will arrive tomorrownafternoon.\" \"She has a new boyfriend?\" \"Don'tnask… I think he's an author… Fantasy literature for kids.nSomething weird!\" \"Does that mean you intend to bring menhome for Christmas?\" she asked teasingly. \"Oh yes…nyou'll be home for Christmas.\" \"I have no presents fornthe kids.\" \"You're present enough… I can get somengreen bows we wrap around you. And for Michael and Mary we get a fewncandy canes.\" He kissed her forehead. \"You really thoughtnof everything, did you?\" \"I try to. The girls have missednyou… Michael misses you. I missed you.\" \"And I'm surenMaeve missed me as well,\" she remarked dryly. He sighednunhappily and shook his head. \"I realized too late she was onlyntrying to replace Mary-Beth. It took me some time to send her home,nbut I did.\" \"I'm sorry… maybe, I didn't fightnenough for you… I shouldn't have accepted your decision soneasily.\" \"Oh no… it wasn't your fault. I just had tonfind my inner peace. I just regret that you became the victim of myninsecurity. I really never meant to hurt you on purpose… I justnthought you would be better off without me.\" \"Well, younwere wrong. Very wrong,\" she said teary eyed. \"My life was sonempty without you. I didn't have anyone to argue… I didn't havenanyone to make up with. I didn't have anyone to love.\" \"Younhave me back, Honey, and since we've argued enough for today Inwould say we make peace until... at least tomorrow night!\" \"Tomorrow… watch your time, man!\" She took his wristnand pointed to the clock face. \"It's after midnight!\" \"Ohnthat means it's Christmas Day…\" He smiled and kissed her.n\"Merry Christmas, Robin.\" She closed her eyes and baskednin the warmth of his presence she had missed for so long. But finallynhe was there. She returned the smile and the kiss. \"MerrynChristmas, Howard.\" ","Summary":" Yountook my dreams from me When I first found you I kept them withnme, babe I put them with my own "},{"Movie":"One Special Night","Title":"The Cell Phone","Author":"epatrick12","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4022738","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Cell Phone I'm just a twelve year old boy who is boring with a simple name to John Smith. I was hoping for some excitement in my life so as I was walking threw town when I noticed this cell phone ringing in the trash can. I didn't have a cell phone and I really wanted one so I took when I answered it there was a conversation between to girls on the other end saying \" Did you hear about that thousand dollars found on 75th and Broadway at 2:30?\" \"Yeah they let the guy keep it.\" Replied the other lady. How weird I thought, why would I hear other peoples conversation and it was only12:00? Oh well probably just something wrong with the connection. As I got home I was flipping threw tv channels when they announced a guy finding a thousand dollars a 2:30. I was thinking that that was really weird how did those ladies predict the future. The next day when I was walking home from school the cell phone rang again so I answered the cell and they were talking about how there was going to be a give away on the radio at 3:00 today on 105.9 fm. Hey I thought to myself its 3:00 in 30 minutes. So I called and I won a free car!!! Wow this phone must be physic or something. I was always waiting for it to ring again but it didn't for almost 2 weeks. One day as I was crossing a bridge when the phone rang! I answered it hoping for another lucky chance to get more money. When the ladies started talking they sounded upset. \"Did you hear about that young boy getting hit by that 6 wheeler\" said the first woman. \"Yea it's so sad so young to bad he was talking on his cell phone instead of paying attention.\" Replied the second woman. As I turned the phone off I thought that was weird maybe I should get off the bridge. I just had that gut feeling. As I turned around the last thing I saw was 2 headlights zooming towards me. The woman were talking about me… as I looked down at my body laying on the concrete wondering why did I have to find the stupid cell phone. When I decided I had seen anough I was about to walk off towards the light when I see two ladies with the same voice as on the phone they just told me it's finally nice to talk to you face to face John I'm sorry it had to end this way , here let us show you around. ","Summary":" The Cell Phone I'm just a twelve year old boy who is boring with a simple name to John Smith. I was"},{"Movie":"One Special Night","Title":"He WAS There!","Author":"RevSue","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5952659","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He WAS there! Challenge response to: What if Robert HAD gone to Murray's that Sunday? (ie: what if Mary Beth had NOT died that day?) When Robert walked in to Murray's Café the Sunday morning after Thanksgiving, he was greeted with Murray's cheerful smile and warm welcome. \"Mr. Woodward! How nice to see you again! How is Mrs. Woodward? Your grandson told me last time you were both here that you were going to have her home on Thursday for Thanksgiving.\" Robert, who had automatically opened his mouth to reply with his standard 'fine' when asked about MaryBeth, found himself telling the truth for the first time since admitting to Catherine two days ago that MaryBeth was NOT fine. \"She wasn't well enough to come home. I doubt she'll ever be well enough again.\" Murray's smile faltered and compassion filled his eyes. \"I'm so sorry to hear that, Mr. Woodward. Here, your usual table by the window is free...\" \"A-Actually,\" Robert almost stammered, unwilling to discuss MaryBeth any further when he was hoping to meet with Catherine. He felt almost as if he were cheating on his wife behind her back with this clandestine breakfast meeting. \"Actually, I think I'm meeting a friend. I was praising your chocolate chip pancakes Thursday night ...\" \"Pan ... OH!\" Murray covered his shock and smoothly continued, his smile back. \"She's here. Right this way, Mr. Woodward. Dr. Howard is back here...\" Murray led Robert to the back and beamed at Catherine who looked up from her paper and smiled shyly when she saw Robert. \"I'll just give you two a minute to look over the menu...\" and he discreetly vanished. For a moment, neither Catherine nor Robert said anything, then they both spoke at once and said the same thing. \"I wasn't sure you'd come!\" Robert sat down opposite her and added, studying her intently, \"You've done something to your hair.\" Catherine wished she could treat Robert's expected and yet UNexpected appearance as nothing special, but for some strange reason, she felt as if her body had been tuned to his. Just having him near heightened her senses as well as her pulse. She did her best to give nothing away, though, and looked down at the menu in front of her as she murmured, \"I just ...\" \"It's softer. And ...\" he quickly bent and looked under the table, ignoring her scandalized hissing of his name, \"you're wearing a skirt! Damn, Catherine, are you trying to change your image?\" he teased her. Her flushed cheeks answered for her, and Robert realized anew how beautiful she was. In spite of her air of confidence and assurance, she also looked disarmingly uncertain all at once. The combination was endearing to him and very much at odds with his first impression of her. When he straightened up again, he watched Catherine in silence for a moment as she pretended to peruse the menu. He had missed her in the last couple of days, and during that time had found himself thinking about the future. He hadn't done much of that since MaryBeth had gotten sick over two years ago. Getting through each day, one at a time, had been enough. He had been grateful for what he still had in life – two daughters, a son-in-law and a wonderful grandson. People to love and to look after... people who had become his focus. He knew that MaryBeth's time was limited, but he had never allowed himself to look beyond the inevitable. He had never once imagined falling in love again, or getting remarried when the time came. Certainly when they had first met, Catherine hadn't seemed like the type to change his mind about his future, and yet, unaccountably, she had done just that. Robert was challenged by her and at the same time desperately attracted to her. For the last three days, he had craved her company and her conversation. He was drawn to the softness he sensed at her core, the vulnerability she had trained herself to hide. His feelings for her almost terrified him, because he was not free, even if Catherine WAS. He could NOT have fallen so deeply in love in a matter of hours... could he? There was an awkward pause while both of them tried frantically to think of something to say to diffuse the suddenly tense atmosphere. Both were thankful to see Murray approaching their table to take their breakfast order. When he had gone again, Catherine asked quietly how MaryBeth was doing. Robert smiled wryly. \"I've learned, Catherine, that it IS possible to teach an old dog new tricks. MaryBeth is not good at all. I'm going back to the hospice after breakfast, and meeting the rest of the family there. Maybe today she will look at Michael and remember the love he is so desperate to share with her.\" \"How are Lori and Jaclyn REALLY coping with all this?\" Catherine asked, as if she had all the right in the world to ask, as any old family friend would have. Robert conceded her that right when he answered frankly. For a few minutes, they talked about MaryBeth's illness and how the girls were coping. Then Catherine softly questioned how Robert himself was feeling. Robert said nothing for a moment, but his hand clenched tightly where it was lying on the table. Catherine's gaze softened and she reached across the table and covered his hand with hers. \"I understand, Robert. Well, not the children, but I understand what it means to be going through what you are with a spouse.\" \"Did you meet someone too, before your husband died?\" Robert muttered, looking down at her hand over his and marvelling at how right it felt, although his head was telling him that it was all wrong. \"What did you say, Robert?\" Catherine asked, puzzled. \"I didn't quite catch that.\" She kept her hand on his, gently and unconsciously stroking it with her thumb. \"Nothing.\" he said gruffly. \"I'm just hungry, I guess.\" Catherine's eyes dropped to his hand as he turned it over and grasped hers gently. For a brief instant she wondered what his touch would feel like on her body and felt an electric tingling shoot through her before she slammed that door shut in her mind while pulling her hand from his. Then Murray was there with their order, beaming at them both. \"Here you are, chocolate chip pancakes for two of my favourite people! To think that you've both been coming here for so many years, and I never knew before that you were friends!\" he chuckled as he placed the hot plates before them. \"I suppose I should have guessed, of course, since you DO live in the same neighbourhood! Can I get you anything else? More coffee?\" \"This is fine, thank you, Murray,\" both assured him, and with a final nod, Murray vanished into the kitchen. \"Now,\" Robert said heartily, glad for the change of topic. \"Get the butter on those babies and pour on the syrup and try them. I'll bet a thousand dollars that they're the best pancakes you've ever tasted in your life!\" Obediently, Catherine doctored her pancakes as ordered, then lifted the fork to her mouth, pausing as she caught his watchful gaze. \"That's not a metaphor, I hope. This isn't going to be like the macaroni and cheese, is it? I'm not going to gag on it?\" \"How COULD you doubt me?\" he questioned, and clutched at his heart dramatically. \"Have I ever led you astray before?\" \"Hmmm,\" was her non-committal response, and she put the forkful of pancake into her mouth and chewed. Robert's anxious gaze never left her face. \"Well?\" he demanded at last. \"What do you think? Aren't they the best pancakes you've ever had?\" Catherine swallowed, then a teasing light entered her eyes and she grabbed for her coffee. \"That is the SECOND time you have tried to poison me, Robert Woodward!\" Incredulously, Robert's mouth dropped open. When he could speak, he sputtered, \"You didn't LIKE them? What's WRONG with you, for God's sake?\" No longer able to contain her merriment, Catherine began to chuckle. \"I'm sorry, I just couldn't resist. Truthfully, Robert, you were right. They ARE delicious! Might I suggest you start eating yours while they're still hot instead of watching me eat mine?\" Conversation for the rest of the meal was desultory as they devoured the delicious pancakes and finished their coffee. Then Catherine regretfully stood up. \"I'm sorry, Robert, but I'm due at the hospital shortly.\" \"That's okay. I should get back home myself. We're going back to Shelby Manor this afternoon.\" Robert came easily to his feet as well, and picked up Catherine's coat, automatically holding it out for her to slip into. His hands lingered on her shoulders as he placed the coat properly on her, and she knew he was watching her again. Awareness rippled between them. She swallowed and almost turned away, but then he was adding in a low voice, \"Let me help you do up your coat. It's damn cold outside. Even if you ARE an impressive doctor, you can still catch a cold!\" Catherine could have laughed, told him she never did up her coat, stepped back and broken the spell between them, but she didn't. Every day she saw a number of men professionally, but they were almost all anxious fathers paired with equally anxious mothers. Yet there was something about Robert that drew her, for all the antagonism that had been present when they had first met. It was... it was something about the way Robert looked at HER. Not that he was aware of how he projected his thoughts, of course, because Catherine was fairly sure she knew him well enough after their night in the cabin to know that he would be mortified to have his inner feelings so exposed. But no one had EVER looked at Catherine that way before... except maybe Tom at the beginning of their marriage. Right now, Robert was looking at her as if he wanted her... badly. He was looking at her as if he meant to have her, regardless of the consequences. His hands slid up her arms to rest on her shoulders. \"Are you seeing someone?\" he asked gruffly. \"Not professionally, I mean, but... socially.\" Her brisk, professional deportment seemed to have deserted her. \"No, I... I don't... I don't date... Not since...\" she almost stammered. Almost leisurely he cupped the back of her head and angled his own to peruse her features closely. \"Why do you get to me?\" he mused, not expecting nor receiving an answer. Then he focussed on her eyes. \"Tell me something, Catherine.\" She raised her eyebrows questioningly at him. She was growing increasingly uncomfortable with his proximity, but couldn't make herself move away from him. \"Do I get to you, too?\" he asked, not waiting for her to speak. She didn't answer, and he didn't seem to expect her to. Instead, he continued to study her face as if her reply could be found there. His gaze lingered on her lips, and she wet them nervously, knowing that that might signal acceptance of the kiss that seemed inevitable. She wanted him so badly she could almost taste him... but she had no idea what she would do if he DID kiss her. It would be wrong on so many levels... but she wanted his kiss so very much... Then, without warning, as he had done the other night at the cabin, he released her and pulled away, his eyes darkening as though shutters had been slammed down on them. \"I'm sorry.\" Catherine felt a complete chill pass over her. She wrapped her arms around her waist and fought for equilibrium as she stumbled back against the table. Shame burned hot in her cheeks. \"I'm sorry, too,\" she managed to say. \"I'm buying breakfast,\" Robert announced loudly, as if assuming Catherine would fight. Instead, she inclined her head. \"Fine. I'll leave the tip.\" Her voice was brittle and defiant. \"Fine.\" When their business was concluded, they bade Murray goodbye and walked outside. \"I'm parked just across the street,\" Robert said, pointing to his Suburban. \"I'm around the corner,\" Catherine waved vaguely to the left. \"I'll see you ...\" \"I'm walking you to your car,\" he broke in, glaring at her. \"I still can't believe you drive that classic car in the WINTER!\" \"For your information, Robert, I bought a new vehicle. I AM capable of re-assessing situations and I can be QUITE competent... so there's no reason for you to act like such an ahh...\" Even as she was speaking, Catherine slipped a bit on the icy sidewalk. Robert steadied her automatically then, with a laugh, he picked her up in his arms. \"I told you once you need picking up. Obviously you STILL do!\" \"Robert! Put me down!\" As on Thanksgiving when he had carried her into the cabin, Catherine was afraid to struggle in case he lost his balance. \"I don't care if you can lift me like I'm nothing at all...\" Feeling her warm breath on his neck and her arms holding on to his shoulders, his body responded enthusiastically. For all her strength and endurance, she fit into his embrace as if she belonged there. \"On the contrary, Catherine, I lift you like you are SOMETHING – someone very special.\" \"Oh God, Robert, how could you do that to me?\" Catherine tightened her arms around his neck and buried her face in his coat. \"Do what?\" he asked, genuinely puzzled. Then he realized that the glint in her eyes just before she squeezed them shut had probably been tears. \"I'm sorry, Catherine. I'm sorry! I just... we shouldn't...\" Reaching her vehicle which she indicated with a nod, he carefully set her on her feet, trying to ignore the hot desire that was burning through his body. \"You know, Catherine,\" he grinned, trying to speak lightheartedly even as he continued to hold her close, \"if we were in our twenties, in this day and age ... or in a romantic fiction... I'd be scooping you up in my arms and we'd be heading for a bedroom right about now.\" \"Mmhmmm,\" Catherine sighed, still leaning against his body and feeling his arousal. Then a little smile curled her lips and she added demurely, \"but since we're in our sixties and we know better than to fool around when one of us is married, we'd head for that bedroom just to sleep, of course.\" He gave her an indignant look. \"You sure do know how to ruin a romantic fantasy, Dr. Howard.\" Catherine shrugged, her movement causing the length of her body to rub against his. She trembled slightly, but couldn't make herself pull away. She told herself it was just for the time being, and that it was all very innocent. Somewhat hoarsely, Robert said, \"So, we're friends?\" \"Friends,\" she agreed in a husky voice herself. \"Maybe more sometime in the future?\" he asked almost hopefully, and she felt the pressure on her hip increase. Her breath caught as his movement sent ripples of pleasure through her body. When she could speak, she conceded, \"Maybe.\" At his triumphant look, she added, \"If we were in our twenties.\" Robert's face changed imperceptibly. \"Since we're NOT that age anymore...?\" \"We have responsibilities and duties to other people. You have MaryBeth... not to mention Jaclyn and Lori and Michael to consider... I have my patients...\" Once more putting pressure where it was keeping her arousal heightened, Robert asked, \"Your patients don't want to see you happy? I'd imagine that if Michael was one of your patients, for example, he'd be more than delighted to know that you were making his old grandfather feel like a teenager again.\" \"You? OLD? Please, Robert,\" Catherine scoffed, but her entire body was humming. She hadn't bandied words like this with anyone else for a long, long time, and she now realized she had missed it fiercely. \"Let's meet again, as soon as you've got a few hours free in the daylight. We'll go hunt for your necklace,\" Robert suggested impulsively, still not releasing her. Catherine considered that for a moment. She probably shouldn't see him again. She didn't want to be the third person in a marriage... the outsider who COULD be accused of breaking the marriage up... even if MaryBeth no longer remembered her marriage. Robert and Catherine both remembered, however, and somehow Catherine sensed that as much as he might want to go further with a relationship with her, Robert's sense of honour and love for MaryBeth would prevent him from either acting on his desire or from enjoying it if he did. \"Very well,\" she said at last, knowing she HAD to meet him, at least once more. Besides, she really and truly DID want to find her necklace! \"I'm supposed to have Wednesday afternoon off.\" \"Your golf afternoon?\" At her smouldering look, and pointed glance at the snow all around them, Robert grinned. \"Good, we'll go hunting Wednesday, then. I'll drive.\" \"Going in the ditch was NOT my fault!\" Catherine exclaimed. \"If you hadn't grabbed the wheel ...\" \"Okay, okay ...\" Robert released her finally and held up his hands in surrender. \"I concede that, in spite of the fact that you were driving a totally ridiculous car for this kind of weather, you may NOT have been totally at fault last Thursday night. By the way, nice wheels you've got now!\" and he looked admiringly at her new vehicle. \"Four wheel drive and everything!\" \"Thank you,\" Catherine moved on shaky legs to get into her vehicle. \"And goodbye until Wednesday, Robert.\" \"Take care.\" O o O o O o By noon on the Wednesday, although Catherine had looked forward for the last few days to seeing Robert again and hoping to find her necklace, she had mixed feelings about the proposed meeting. So many emotions had gone through her body and mind that Sunday morning and, indeed, ever since! Perhaps it would be best NOT to see him again. After all, he was not free in the eyes of the world, even if MaryBeth was no longer aware of the connection he had to her. For hours Catherine alternated between deciding to meet Robert anyway and making the decision that she would end any possible relationship right now. She wasn't sure she could handle simple friendship, especially given the underlying tensions at Murray's on Sunday. It would be so easy to have a relationship slip into something much more that neither was emotionally equipped to handle at the moment. When an emergency suddenly arose, Catherine was grateful. While the expectant mother was being prepped, Catherine phoned Robert, pleased to get his answering machine instead of him. She quickly explained that an emergency had arisen and she wouldn't be able to meet him later as planned... then hung up before saying they would have to reschedule. As for Robert, similar thoughts had been running through his mind from Sunday morning until Wednesday morning. On Monday, the owners of the cabin had phoned, having found his note of thanks for the shelter and the money he had left to fix the broken window. He had discovered that they had just decided to sell the place and move to Florida, so impulsively he had asked about buying it. The elderly couple had jumped at the chance to sell and arranged to meet with their lawyers on hand in two weeks' time. When Robert informed Jaclyn and Lori that he was going to buy the cabin, they both thought he was crazy. \"Dad! It's OLD and DECREPIT!\" Lori admonished him. \"So? I can fix it up. I need a vacation home.\" \"Are you saying you need to get away from us?\" Jaclyn asked, her big eyes filling with tears. \"Do you want me to leave?\" \"God, no! Come on, guys, work with me! I just... liked the cottage! Michael will love it in the summer!\" \"So will the mosquitos,\" commented Lori, rolling her eyes. \"I hope you don't have to pay too much for it!\" \"Howard and Millie Bigcow just need enough to buy new furniture. I asked if I could keep what they have there. And furniture from New England wouldn't fit well in a mobile home in Florida.\" \"BIGCOW? Is that really their name, Dad?\" Jaclyn asked incredulously, a reluctant smile spreading over her face. \"Can't you do any better than THAT if you're making up a name?\" \"I LIKE that name! I might even name the cabin that!\" Robert growled. By Wednesday morning, Robert had convinced the girls that owning a cabin in the 'wilderness' would be a fun thing, especially in the summer, and he was looking forward to telling Catherine about his proposed purchase. Then Sarah from Shelby Manor phoned and her news drove Catherine from his mind. MaryBeth had taken a turn for the worse and had been sent by ambulance to the nearest hospital. Robert, Lori and Jaclyn rushed to the hospital while Jeff kept Michael. It seemed weeks later, although it was really only a matter of about twelve hours, when Robert returned to the place he and MaryBeth had made a home and where she would never again even visit. Her death, although expected in a way, had shocked all of them out of their accustomed rut, and he wondered vaguely if anything would ever be the same. For the three days after MaryBeth's death and before her funeral, he and the girls seemed to be functioning on autopilot. Everything else was forgotten. It was a week before Robert woke up one morning and remembered that he was supposed to have met Catherine the previous week. For a brief moment he considered calling her, but then he decided that it was too soon. He slowly began to re-build his life in the home that MaryBeth's presence had permeated even through the fall when she hadn't been living there and that now seemed so bleak and lonely despite Lori, Michael and Jaclyn living there with him. Two weeks after MaryBeth's death, Robert had his meeting with the lawyers and the couple who owned the cabin and an hour later was driving away from the Land Titles office, the proud new owner of the cabin. Turning on the radio, he heard that another storm was tracking north with more significant snowfall amounts expected. Without saying a word to anyone, he drove along the road Catherine had taken from Shelby Manor, and spotted where her car had gone into the ditch. Parking not far from there, he began to walk along their route that Thanksgiving evening, searching the road and peering at the snowbanks along the sides, hoping to see the chain glinting in the sunlight. He had a few false alarms, finding three Coke cans partially buried, a tab from another can, and some tinfoil wrapper from gum. Seeing Catherine's scarf still tied to the tree on the lower road, he slithered down the hill through the trees, trying to follow the faint tracks of their passing almost three weeks previously. To his surprise, he found the chain with the pendant still attached, wound around a branch of one of the trees about halfway down the hill. Triumphantly untangling the broken chain and slipping it in his pocket, Robert continued down and retrieved her scarf as well, resolving to get the chain fixed then return both scarf and necklace... sometime when it seemed that the time might be right. O o O o O o By the time Robert got home from the hospital on Christmas Eve and was telling Jaclyn and Michael about the new baby and how Dr. Howard had saved her life, Robert knew that the time had come to return Catherine's property. He would go early to the hospital tomorrow morning and look for her... and he would take the scarf and the repaired necklace with him. O o O o O o Once in the cabin on Christmas morning, when she realized that Robert had actually BOUGHT the cabin as his vacation home, Catherine didn't stop the joy spreading through her. She even went so far as to concede to him in their game of who owned the cottage, Howard and Millie instead of Charlie and Robin. The next thing she knew, he was kissing her and she was kissing him back, and it was as if they had kissed five hundred times before, they were so good at it. She loved the way he tasted, the toe-curling way his mouth fit against hers.... (BUT NO ONE COULD ACTUALLY SEE THEIR TONGUES!!!) The End of the story and the beginning of their life as... friends? lovers? spouses? ","Summary":" He WAS there! Challenge response to: What if Robert HAD gone to Murray's that Sunday? (ie: what if "},{"Movie":"One Special Night","Title":"Gift of Love","Author":"RevSue","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2429074","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer:nI don't own these characters, and I make no money from this work ofnfiction! CHRISTMASnGIFT OF LOVE - SEQUEL TO ONE SPECIAL NIGHT Asnshe stepped inside and her eyes adjusted to the dimness after thensunshine outside, warmth and realization struck her. \"THIS isnyour vacation home?\" she asked, looking around quickly, thennback at him. \"You BOUGHT it?\" her smile wavered. \"Yes,\"nhe said, helping her take off her coat and scarf as she turned fornhim, and tossing them onto the chair by the open door. \"Just fornemergencies. In case I ever get stranded again.\" He turned hernto face him, his hands gentle on her upper arms, and looked earnestlynat her. \"Do you believe in second chances?\" Catherinensmiled tremulously, joy breaking over her. She shook her headnslightly. \"I'm a woman of science,\" she stated softly, herneyes never leaving his. \"I only believe in what I see.\" Robertnreleased her for moment, reaching for the door and pushing it shut.nThen his hands were on her arms again. \"Merry Christmas,nMillie,\" he said softly, looking into the beautiful, blue eyesnof the woman who had stolen his heart one special night just lastnmonth. \"MerrynChristmas, Howard,\" Catherine replied, her love showing in herneyes and her voice. If she wanted to, she couldn't refuse him hernlove this day ... and she didn't want to. Shensaw the magnetic, compelling desire in his eyes which made her bodynrespond with a will of its own. Without any conscious volition, shenfelt his mouth find hers and his arms tighten around her. Their lipsnmet, at first tentatively, then firmly. Barriers were broken down,nguilt and grief assuaged at the first touch of passion as the kissndeepened. Their doubts and worries fled for the moment as they bothnshook with quickened expectation. \"Catherinen...\" he breathed, kissing her cheeks, her closed eyes, and thennher soft full lips again. Hisnhands smoothed down her back and over her hips, and her breath begannto quicken as she moved with him, feeling a tingling sensation grownstronger and stronger. Slowly he pulled back slightly, his eyesnsteadily on hers, his arms loosely around her back. He said nothingnfor a moment or two. Catherine licked her suddenly dry lips. \"Shouldnwe perhaps sit down? Or ... what do YOU want to do, Robert?\" shenasked, rather nervously. This was all moving a little too fast fornher. Henstudied her carefully, then gave her an odd, indecipherable grin.n\"Mostly I just want to look at you, Catherine, and bask in yournpresence.\" Catherinenwished she had a huge glass of ice cubes she could pour down thenfront of her sweater, or that she was outside in a blizzard. It wasnthe only thing she could think of to combat the sudden burst of heatninfusing every inch of her body. She had never been very good atnflirtatious comebacks. \"Oh, well ...\" She stepped back, notnlooking at him, then headed for the couch, only just registering thensmall Christmas tree on the table with a large, gaily-wrapped boxnbeside it. \"ShouldnI build a fire?\" he asked, following her. \"Or are you warmnenough?\" \"Well,nit does appear to be a little chilly in here now, doesn't it?\" \"It'llnwarm up quickly,\" he promised with a smile that caused thencolour to rise swiftly in her cheeks. \"I had the fire set andnready.\" Opening the damper and striking a match, Robert had thenfire blazing in no time at all. He sat beside Catherine on the couch,nand half turned towards her, putting his arm along the back. \"Now,nwhat shall we do first? Open presents? Have a rematch of Scrabble?nListen to Frank Sinatra and me accompanying him on the ukelele?\" \"Presents?\"nCatherine echoed. \"Oh, Robert, I ...\" Again her gazendrifted to the table with the tree and present. \"Fine.nWe'll do presents later. Right now, I just want to look at you ...nand kiss you again ... oh, Catherine!\" Hencaptured her mouth once more in a passionate kiss. They tasted eachnother, quickly and voraciously, building even more intensity betweennthem as their hands became instruments of pleasure as well as theirnmouths ... stroking, kneading, almost pleading to shed the barrier ofnclothing that separated them. They broke apart again, Catherinenburying her face in the curve of his neck, not saying anything asnthey caught their breaths. Then Catherine realized that tears werenstreaming down her face and that Robert was trembling every bit asnmuch as she was. Turning her head, she smiled shakily, seeing that henwas struggling to keep his own tears at bay. \"It'snall right, Robert ...\" she said softly, and with a rough sob, henpulled her back tightly into his arms and they both cried. It was ancathartic, healing experience for both of them. Claiming she had toonmany responsibilities, Catherine had never allowed herself to grieve,nand Robert's grief was still fresh. Thisnwas a time of tenderness, friendship, and bonding, allowing anothernbeyond the barriers to reveal their true selves. They held each othernbefore the flames in the fireplace, whispering words of encouragementnto each other, releasing the hold they had put on Tom and MaryBeth,nallowing themselves to move beyond the tightly held memories. In thenprocess, they freed themselves to love again, and they freed thosenthey had loved in the past. At last, almost miraculously, they foundnclosure together, and that closure provided a whole new opening aheadnfor the future. Catherine would always love Tom and Robert wouldnalways love MaryBeth, but now they were making room in their heartsnand minds for each other. Settlingninto his arms with her back tucked half under one of Robert's armsnand half against his chest, Catherine smoothed her hands over his,nplaying with his fingers as she stared into the flames dreamily. \"Whatnkind of magic do you possess, Catherine? You have captivated me, andnhave since the night we met.\" Robert murmured in her ear. \"Mustnhave been later on that night, because you certainly were NOTnimpressed with me at the beginning, seeing my car, hearing my tastenin music ...\" she chuckled, trying to lighten the mood. \"Evennthen, I felt that things I had buried long ago were reawakening, andnI wasn't prepared for that. You, well, made me begin to feel my heartnagain ...\" \"Nonsense,nRobert! You had Michael ...\" \"Allnright, you made me begin to feel like a sexual being again, then!\"nhe raised her hand to his lips and kissed it, then resumed his casualnstroking with his thumb on her sensitive palm. \"After I got tonbed that night when Lori and Jeff had found us, I couldn't sleep. Intried to figure out why this had happened to me, how I could fall innlove with another woman while I still loved my wife, why I wasnopening myself up again to the possibility of another woman in mynlife when I hadn't even accepted the impending loss of Mary Beth.\" \"Inknow,\" Catherine nodded. \"That night, I realized that thenterrible longing in my heart to have Tom back with me was easing. It,nwell, made my knees go weak when I realized that just looking at youncaused an ache deep inside wondering what it would be like to be heldnin your arms, feeling the passion within you as you kissed me. I nonlonger wanted TOM back, I ... I was thinking about ... you,\" shenadmitted, her eyes downcast, her hand playing with his fingers. \"Catherine,nI know Tom died last year. How long since ...?\" \"Hisnsurgery was 2 ½ years ago,\" Catherine said, stroking thenback of his hand. \"We never made love after that. Not the samenway. And ... he changed. He didn't want me to share a bed with him,nhe hated that he was no longer as much a man. I told him over andnover that I didn't feel that way, but ... but he pushed me away. InREALLY lost my husband then, not when his body finally gave out lastnDecember.\" \"Inlost Mary Beth the day she didn't know me anymore even when Inreminded her ... and we hadn't had sex for months before that. I'dnsay it has been almost three years ...\" \"Butnyou loved her, and she loved you,\" Catherine murmured. \"Youncould still 'make love' even if you didn't have sex ...\" \"No,\"nRobert admitted quietly. \"We couldn't make love. She had noninterest in me that way. She knew I was her husband, but the wordnhusband had no meaning.\" \"Notnat the end ...\" \"Notneven near the beginning. I ... I don't think she even LIKED me afternshe realized what was happening to her, Catherine,\" his voicenwas husky with pain. \"She thought I was trying to kill her morenthan once, and not just lately. There were a few occasions over thenfirst years when she was still home. She knew Michael, but called himnLori much of the time ... or thought he was her little sister. Thendisease progressed very rapidly. Jaclyn came home once and leftnalmost immediately ... and we never could make her understand thatnwhen we moved Mary Beth to Shelby Manor permanently last summer, itnwas as much for Mary Beth as it was for me. I'd say we BOTH lost ournpartners long before we put their bodies in the ground.\" Hisnarms tightened around her, and he rested his cheek on her head. \"Inthink maybe that's why I have a mixture of feelings about what we arenexperiencing together now ... a bit of guilt, a bit of rationalizingn... and a whole lot of joy ...\" Catherinentwisted in his arms and kissed him lightly on the lips. \"A wholenLOT of joy ...\" she agreed. Settling back against him, she said,n\"I THINK Tom would be happy for me ...\" \"InKNOW Mary Beth would be. She told me, when she suspected this wasncoming, that she didn't want me to be alone. She told me to fall innlove again as soon as I could, and not even wait for her death. Sillynwoman thought I couldn't take care of myself!\" his laugh wasnhalf sob, half laugh. \"Nonman can,\" Catherine smiled faintly. \"Tom kept pushing me tonfind someone else while he was dying. He said he wanted to KNOW thatnI would be happy.\" \"Didnyou? Find someone else, I mean.\" Catherinenturned again to him, searching his eyes. \"I couldn't. Not THEN.nI didn't think I would EVER let another man into my life, my heartn...\" \"...nyour damn car ...\" he grinned. \"Then you LAUGHED when Infell out of it, trying to climb out in the snowbank!\" \"I'llnhave you know that's a classic car!\" She tossed her head,nchuckling, and settled back into his arms. \"Inknow. And your father gave it to you, probably when it was brand new.nThat makes YOU a classic, too, Catherine,\" he chuckled. Theynwere quiet for a while, then Catherine said rather hesitantly,n\"Robert? Have you spoken with Lori and Jaclyn about ... us?\" Hisnarms tightened and he dropped a kiss on her head. \"I have.\" \"And?\" \"Well,nto be honest, Lori is too concerned right now with Jeff and Michaelnand little Mary Beth to worry about her old father. She's just gladnto think that I'll have someone to look after me and feed me when shenmoves out. I didn't tell her your speciality is peanut butter and jamnon a spoon.\" Catherinenjabbed her elbow into his stomach, and he laughed. \"What aboutnJaclyn?\" she asked next. \"Jaclynn... well, Jaclyn is ... different.\" he said slowly. AgainnCatherine twisted to look at him. \"She isn't pleased!\" \"Actually,nher precise words last night were, 'Dad, if you don't get off yournbutt and go after her NOW, you might not get another chance! Afternall, you're not getting any younger. You don't have a whole lot ofntime left to fool around! Get out there and buy her a ring and getnher committed to you before it's too late!' Of course, the storesnweren't open, so I couldn't buy you a ring ...\" he stroked hernleft hand sensuously again, \"and Lori said this morning that younmight want to choose your own...\" \"Oh,nRobert, I ...\" Catherine began, knowing he had heard her catchnher breath in surprise at his words. \"Shh!\"nhe brushed her lips gently with his finger, lingering on themnlovingly. \"You wanted to know the reactions. Jeff said that henhad overheard one nurse asking who Dr. Howard was involved with, andnthat she thought it was about time. He said he didn't hear thenanswer, but I'm wondering if you would be willing to tell ME.\" Catherinensmiled, and kissed the finger still stroking her lips. \"YounKNOW, intimately, who I am involved with, Robert. The nurses at thenhospital regularly set me up with any man who ever stopped to talknwith me. Why, even William has been a suspect!\" \"EvennWilliam?\" Robert sounded faintly surprised, and he nuzzled bynher ear, blowing lightly and sending shivers through her.n\"Catherine?\" \"Hmmm?\"nHer fingers tightened on his as she tilted her head to give himnbetter access to her ear. \"Whonis William?\" his tongue traced the delicate skin behind her earnand began its descent down her neck. \"My rival for your ...nlove?\" \"W-William?\"nAgain her breath caught, and she closed her eyes and swallowed hardnbefore speaking, punctuating her words with soft kisses on the handnshe was still holding. \"He's a friend. Just ... a friend.nWilliam and ... Marina. His wife ...\" As she spoke, she twistednin his arms and pressed against him, her lips seeking and findingnhis. Whennthey at last broke the kiss, he murmured huskily, \"Is it thensame for you? The wonder that it is possible to fall in love for thensecond time? Can you feel how much I love you?\" \"Incan feel how ready you are to love me,\" Catherine whispered withna faint smile as she rubbed her body against his. Hengroaned and crushed her closer. \"Don't tease like that,nCatherine. I've waited and longed for this moment too long, wantingnyou so badly ...\" \"I'mnnot teasing you, Robert,\" Catherine whispered throatily as shenpressed closer to him. \"I'm tired of longing and wanting andnwaiting, too. I want to feel alive again, and I want to feel that waynwith you. Now.\" Shenrevelled in his touch with a primitive abandonment that left hernheady with powers she had forgotten she possessed. He laughed, anthroaty sound that said he was as aware of his own powers as she wasnof hers. They were together on earth at this moment to please, tontease, to satisfy. Time slowed and stretched, or maybe it sped up.nShe wasn't sure, and didn't care. He kissed her desperately, realitynblurring until the two became one. The last vision Catherine had wasnof the flames in the fireplace shooting up higher and higher, thennshe closed her eyes and let them burst inside her mind. Henrained little kisses on her face while she slowly came to her senses.n\"God, Robert, I ... I think I ...\" she couldn't saynanything more. \"Me,ntoo,\" Robert murmured, \"I was going to suggest that we playna game of scrabble while trying to decide what we're going to makenfor our Christmas dinner, and maybe listen to some of Howard andnMillie's Frank Sinatra records, but right now I think it's time younopened your present.\" \"Mynpresent?\" Catherine craned her head to look over at the littlentree on the table. \"Jaclynnwent out and bought it last night. I was ordered to go looking fornyou today if you didn't stop in at the hospital.\" Groaningna little and staggering as he got up, he stretched before reachingnfor the present. Catherine accepted the large box carefully. \"Inguess it's not a ring,\" she murmured, trying to smile. \"Oh,nRobert, I didn't ...\" \"Didnyou see the label? Michael printed it. He desperately wants a grandmanto hug who will respond to his love.\" Tearsncame to Catherine's eyes, and she blinked fiercely as she studied thenuneven letters. \"To Robin with all our love, Charlie.\" Hernsurprise burst out in soft laughter. \"Oh, Robert!\" shensaid, again. \"Don'tncry, darling,\" he tenderly wiped the tears beginning to tricklendown her cheeks. Catherinenfolded her trembling lips tightly as she carefully began to unwrapnthe box. After easing the tape away from one side, she turned itnaround. \"Don'tntell me you are one of THOSE people!\" Robert groaned innfrustration. \"Just OPEN it!\" Laughingnthrough her tears, Catherine ripped the paper off, then stared,nastonished at the neat rows of candles which filled the box. \"Indon't know if there are actually a thousand candles there,\"nRobert whispered.. \"Robertn...\" her voice was almost inaudible. \"You remembered ...\" \"Howncould I forget the image?\" he asked. \"We'll light anthousand candles, and make love all night long ...\" \"Whatnif we burn the house down?\" She pushed the box aside and put hernarms around him. \"We'llnbuild a new one.\" \"Now?\" \"You'renright. We're busy now. No sense being careless. We'll light thencandles later.\" Robert wrapped his arms around her and held herntightly when she snuggled up against him. The incredible gift theynhad shared filled them both with contentment. \"I will alwaysnlove you, Catherine. You brought me back to life.\" he spoke atnlast when his heartbeat had slowed. \"Inonly am here because of you, Robert. We made powerful magic togetherntoday, and now we're both alive again, aren't we?\" shenwhispered. \"This is what Christmas is all about. Love. Newnlife.\" Hensighed then stared into her eyes, \"Catherine, will you honour menby becoming my wife?\" Shenswallowed the lump in her throat and nodded. \"Yes, Robert, Inwill. Gladly. Lovingly ...\" \"SOON!\"nthey said together, and laughed briefly before losing themselves inneach other once more. Thenconflagration ignited by their loving that Christmas Day and into thennight did not burn the house down, but it was their gift of love toneach other, and it DID assuage their grief and heartbreak and grantnthem new life and new love together. ","Summary":" Disclaimer:nI don't own these characters, and I make no money from this work ofnfiction! CHRISTMASn"},{"Movie":"One Special Night","Title":"The Funeral","Author":"kateandharvey","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6318786","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I really wanted to write this because I've been reading all of the OSN fics, and there aren't enough! I just got this idea today, but this is my first fic for One Special Night, so please stick with me on the OOC-ness. Disclaimer: I do NOT own \"One Special Night\" or any of its characters. The Funeral Chapter 1 kateandharvey A funeral home always has an oddness about it. Whether it be the noise, the look, or even just the scent, they are unhappy places where no one ever wants to be. Catherine didn't really understand why exactly she was entering the funeral home that day. If he hadn't shown up for breakfast, why come to the funeral? She'd argued with herself for at least an hour before she'd gotten dressed, about how she should but shouldn't go. It was the most inappropriate place for her to be; At his dead wife's funeral, but her formal and proper side along with her heart had won over her brain and foolish pride. She'd convinced herself on the drive that she'd walk in and if she didn't find him immediately, she'd pay her respects quickly and make a hasty retreat. But as she entered the room in which Mary Beth's body lay, she realized that it wouldn't be so easy, as this was the first funeral she'd been to since Tom's a year prior. As soon as she came to the realization, she'd turned and walked out of the room, the building, and back to her car in the far corner of the parking lot. \"This is ridiculous.\" She murmured to herself, digging her jingling car keys from her large purse. As she was unlocking the door to her SUV, she heard a gruff voice from behind her. \"That isn't exactly the word I'd use, but I suppose you would, wouldn't you?\" She turned with a start, and seeing him standing there did nothing to ease her fears, only replacing the ones of getting robbed or hurt with the ones of having to force an awkward conversation. She faked anger to exit the situation before it began, \"Robert! You scared me half to death!\" He chuckled bitterly, \"That seems to be going around.\" She instantly realized her mistake in the choosing of her words, and squeezed her eyes shut for only a split second. \"I'm sorry, I didn't mean...\" \"I know.\" Hands in his pockets, he took a step forward. \"Why did you come, Catherine?\" \"I...\" She trailed off, why did she come? \"I just wanted to be a good friend, is all.\" His eyebrows raised, \"When did you go from hating my guts to wanting to be friends?\" She ran a hand through her hair as a distraction, and then shook her head, \"I have to go, Robert. I have responsibilities, people who-\" \"-Depend on you, I know.\" He interrupted. The anger she was feeling flashed in her eyes. \"If it was any other day, I'd have a few choice words for you at your rudeness, but I'll spare you.\" She opened her door, and got in her car. Her key was already in the ignition, and she was applying her buckle when she continued, \"Goodbye, Robert.\" As she went to roll up her window, he stopped her. \"Catherine, please. Don't...\" \"It's cold Robert, and we have nothing more to discuss.\" The window was rapidly going up, and he was fearing he'd miss his chance. He ran around the car to the passenger side, and in a split second he was in the passenger side of her vehicle. She groaned, \"Robert! Get out.\" \"I'm not getting out until we discuss what your problem is.\" \" My problem?\" She questioned, \"What about your problem?\" She sighed, calming down some. \"Look, I don't want to have this conversation with you right now. This isn't the time, or the place.\" He pulled out a pen and paper while she was talking, and after jotting something down he thrust the scrap into her hand. \"One month from now,\" He began, \"One month, you come over and have dinner with us. One month. New Years Eve, we'll say. Alright? Four thirty, dinner will be served at five.\" \"Robert...\" She sighed. \"I'm serious.\" He nodded towards the piece of paper. \"That's my number. Call it every two weeks, and leave a message. Just so I know you're still here.\" Weakly, she nodded, and he exited the car. As she drove away and back home, he yelled. \"One month, Catherine!\" And she realized that she'd never offered him condolences on his wife. She shook her head as she held the phone, and was punching in the number she now knew by heart. She didn't know why she'd agreed to dinner, or why she was calling him now, but she pushed the call button, and listened to the ringing. \"Hello?\" Her heart dropped, it was a woman's voice. And it wasn't one of the girls. \"Hello, um... Is Robert available?\" \"Uh, no. I'm afraid he's a little...\" The woman chuckled softly. \"Busy, at the moment.\" Catherine could feel her heart breaking inside of her chest. \"A-alright...\" \"Did you want me to give him a message?\" \"No, no. It's fine. Um, thank you... Goodbye.\" Catherine hung up without waiting for a response, and then she sat, and let the tears pour from her eyes. As she sat in front of the picture window of her large home, she rubbed her ring finger. She'd taken off her wedding ring earlier, determined to move on. As much as she loved Tom, she... she loved Robert now too. She didn't understand when exactly she'd fallen in love with him, but it had happened. She thought he felt the same way for a while, and then passed it off on the fact that his wife had died just under a month ago. Apparently, he did love again... It just wasn't her. She'd decided earlier that morning that she was definitely not going to dinner, and with her having the day off, she'd wore pajamas around her house all day. Deciding that she'd just watch the ball drop and have an evening in by herself. She had been in a bad mood ever since her chat with Robert's gal pal a few days prior, so most people were avoiding her. The telemarketers only called once, as she'd be rude and down right mean to them the first time the phone rang. She was very unlike herself, very angry at the world. So when there was a knock on her front door, she was less than pleased. She decided to just let them knock, as they were most likely going to try and sell her something she didn't want anyway, but the knocking continued. She groaned, and walked over to the door. Yanking in open, she began her greeting with, \"Excuse me, but are you illiterate? The sign clearly says, 'No-\" Her voice escaped her as she looked at the man before her. \"Robert.\" She breathed. He opened the screen without asking for an invitation inside, and shut the door behind him. \"What the hell is wrong with you?\" \"Excuse me ?\" She questioned in her authoritative tone that usually made anyone back down from her. \"You're excused.\" Her growled, \"Do you know what time it is?\" She checked the clock on the wall behind him, \"Six o'clock.\" \"Yes,\" He nodded, \"Six o'clock, Catherine!\" She shrugged, \"So?\" She walked into the living room and took her seat on the couch. He followed, and stood in the center of the room, looking at her. \"So? Did you forget out dinner plans?\" \"No,\" She shook her head, \"I remember.\" He threw his arms up in irritation. \"Then why are you still here?\" \"Why are you here, Robert?\" She spit. \"What? What are you talking about?\" \"Isn't your lady friend waiting for you to get home so you can kiss her at midnight, and sweep her off her feet? Hmm?\" \"What? What lady friend?\" He was extremely confused. Catherine scrunched her face up and mocked, \"Oh, Robert? He's a little... hahahahaha, busy at the moment.\" She didn't even want to talk to him, so she picked up her tea cup and stormed off to the kitchen. As she suspected, he followed. His eyes wide, he watched her as she piddled. \"That was you on the phone?\" She nodded, turning angrily towards him. \"Yes, Robert. It was me.\" To her horror, he started chuckling. \"You're jealous of Robin?\" \"I don't want to play this stupid, Howard... Millie game with you right now, Robert.\" He shook his head, \"Robin is my sister. She's the one that answered the phone.\" \"You're dating your sister?\" Her brow furrowed. \"No,\" He shook his head. \"I couldn't come to the phone that day because my hands were glued together. I was trying to build a bird house with Michael, and the glue stuck to my fingers. That's why she was laughing.\" She didn't respond, so he moved closer to her, and pinned her to the counter. \"The only person I want to kiss at midnight...\" He whispered, \"Is you.\" And his lips covered hers for a split second before they departed. \"You're going to have to make it up to them, you know.\" \"Who?\" \"Lori, Jaclyn, and especially Michael. They all cooked dinner for you tonight.\" Her eyes grew wide. \"Oh, my! I'm so sorry, Robert, I didn't even...\" \"Come to dinner tomorrow, then.\" ","Summary":" A/N: I really wanted to write this because I've been reading all of the OSN fics, and there aren't "},{"Movie":"One Special Night","Title":"Christmas Eve Contemplations","Author":"RevSue","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2781737","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ChristmasnEve Contemplations Disclaimer:n Not the characters, nor circumstances nor even the original ideanfor this story belong to me (see note below!), but since I'm notnmaking any money on it, probably not too many people care. Note:nI maybe wrote most of the actual words here, but the credit, somenportions of it and many thanks go to Sue for the push, the idea andnthe unofficial permission to do this story! \"Lori?n Lori, what is it?\" Robert hurried into the living room where hisndaughter was hunched over on a chair, groaning. \"Sorry,nDad,\" she panted, \"I've just got really bad cramps. I'm gladnMichael's still over at Jeff's.\" \"Lori?\"nJaclyn joined her sister and father. \"Are you still feeling sick? nYou haven't felt good all day!\" \"Yeah.n I've spent more time in the bathroom this afternoon than I shouldnhave! I hate the stomach flu, especially when it comes withndiarrhea! I was supposed to get all these presents organized fornMichael while Jeff had him, but ... oohhhh,\" she grimaced andnclutched her stomach again, then made a beeline for the bathroomnwhere the others could hear her vomiting again. Robertnand Jaclyn exchanged looks, then ran for the bathroom when Lori criednout again. \"Oh, God, now I'm bleeding a bit!\" She looked upnthem piteously, her face tear-stained. \"I really don't feelngood. These cramps must have shaken the baby up or something.\" \"I'mntaking you to the hospital,\" Robert said abruptly. \"No point inntaking chances!\" \"Dad,nit's Christmas Eve! I'll never see a doctor anyway, and I HAVEnto be here for Michael!\" Lori protested. Jaclyn,nhowever, fetched Lori's coat, her eyes worried as she helped hernolder sister. \"You go! We don't want to take any chances withnthis baby!\" \"It'sntoo EARLY for the baby! I've got another month to go!\" \"Letnthem tell you that. I'll stay here and wait for Jeff to bringnMichael home. Dad, look after her and call me when you knownanything, okay?\" Jaclyn almost pushed them out the door. \"Sure,nhoney. Come on.\" Robert helped Lori into the truck. Her face wasnpale and she held her protruding stomach as she grimaced with painnagain. Innno time at all, they were pulling up to the Emergency entrance of St.nMary's hospital. Robert ran in and got a wheelchair for Lori, whoncouldn't walk anymore for the pain that was now coming in waves. nHe left her with a nurse at the door, went back to his truck, parkednthen ran back into the hospital, his eyes wild. \"Wherenis she?\" he demanded at the admitting desk. \"My daughter Lorinwas just brought in ...\" \"Shenhas been taken up to Obstetrics for some tests,\" the receptionistnbegan, then she called after him as he rushed over to the elevators,n\"Wait, sir, you can't ...!\" Thendoors closed behind him, and Robert almost held his breath willingnthe elevator to move faster. He pushed them open and staggered overnto the nurses station. \"What is it? What's wrong with Lori? nIt's not the baby, is it? It's too early!\" Annurse took his arm and tried to calm him down. \"We're hookingnher up to some monitors now.\" \"Whatndoctor is here?\" \"Therenisn't one here at the moment, but if the situation warrants one tonbe called ...\" she began. \"Inwant Cath ... Dr. Howard! Call her, please! Call her. Tell hernshe's needed.\" \"Dr.nHoward isn't on call ...\" \"Indon't give a damn! This is my grandchild we're talking about! nCall Dr. Howard! I know her. She'll come. Tell her it's RobertnWoodward. Tell her I'm BEGGING her to come!\" \"Verynwell, sir, we'll see if we can contact her ...\" the nurse gave upnin face of his distraught behaviour. Momentsnlater, Robert was interrupted mid-pace by another nurse. \"Mr.nWoodward? Your daughter is in premature labour due to a and the babynis experiencing some problems. We've called a doctor ...\" \"Catherine?n Dr. Howard?\" \"Yes.n She's on her way.\" Robertnsagged with relief momentarily. Catherine would come! Then hisnworry for Lori rose again. \"How's Lori? Can I see her?\" \"I'mnsorry, sir. That won't be possible. We'll keep you posted. Isnthere anyone you could phone? Your son-in-law perhaps?\" Robertnturned away without answering. Jeff? After he had abandoned Lorinand Michael for a fling? Lori had told him the whole story just lastnweek, and asked his opinion of Jeff's repeated apologies andnrequests for forgiveness and reinstatement in her life. And yet ...nRobert wondered about his own 'fling' that past Thanksgiving. Itnhad been completely innocent, unplanned and unwanted ... but it hadnhappened. In the face of his own emotions, how could Robert continuento refuse Jeff's supposed change-of-heart if Lori was ready tonaccept her erring husband back? Yes, circumstances were veryndifferent, but still ... Atnlast Robert halted his pacing and went to phone Jaclyn to pass onnwhat little news he knew. After hanging up, Robert sat on the edgenof his seat in the waiting room, keeping an eye out for the elevatorsndown the hall in case he could see Catherine coming in. Catherine. nHe hadn't seen her for a month. He should not be feeling sonexcited about it, especially considering the circumstances. Henreally WAS very worried about Lori and the baby! But ... CATHERINE! Ono O o O o Catherinengot into her SUV parked in front of Shelby Manor, holding herselfntogether with all the strength and self-control she could muster. nShe put the key in the ignition, and at that moment her griefnoverwhelmed her. She sobbed bitterly for Tom, for herself and fornthe unfairness of not being able to sit in Tom's old room just forna few moments on Christmas Eve. She hadn't been here sincenThanksgiving, and now, tonight of all times ... Catherine put hernhands on the steering wheel and her forehead down and gave in to herndesolation. Not only had she not been able to sit in Tom's room,nbut Mary Beth Woodward was no longer a patient there! Had she beennavoiding Shelby Manor for no reason? The fact that the woman she hadnnever met had obviously been well enough to go home meant, too, thendeath of Catherine's vague dreams about Robert. He belonged tonMary Beth. Catherine had no right to ever think of him again. Theynhad simply been two strangers who had spent a night sheltering from anstorm and getting to know each other a little better. Two shipsnpassing in the night, as the saying went. Her hopes that perhaps shenhad found someone whom she could love and who could love her innreturn for who she was had just been shattered. With a final effort,nCatherine sat up again, sniffing and wiping her cheeks with the backnof her hand. She could not POSSIBLY be crying over something she hadnnever really had! No, she MUST be crying for Tom and for herselfntrying to live without HIM. Hernphone rang at that moment. It seemed that, even here, she could notnbe alone. Trying to choke back her tears, Catherine fumbled for thencell phone and answered it, knowing that it was most probably thenhospital and she was needed there. At least she was still needednSOMEWHERE, she thought morosely. Her self-pity vanished, however,nupon hearing about the preemie and mother in danger. Pushing hernpersonal emotions beneath her professional exterior, Catherine drovento the hospital. Stridingnquickly down the hallway, she took off her coat and questioned thennurse who met her. Then her professional aura was severelynthreatened at the sound of his voice calling her name. Catherinenstopped, disbelieving. Robert? She turned and he was there,nexplaining why he had had her called. Therenwas no time to think about herself. Barriers to her vulnerable innernbeing were again erected, and Catherine touched Robert's armnlightly. \"I'll get back to you as soon as I can.\" she said,nafter hearing that the mother and baby emergency were his daughternand grandchild. She disappeared around a corner to get scrubbed up. WhennCatherine hurried into the labour room, Lori was being prepped for ancaesarian. Jeff came barrelling into the room moments later and thennurses tried to remove him, but Catherine spoke up for him, and henstayed by Lori's side. Catherine gritted her teeth hearing himndemand that Lori forgive him, and Lori's weak, \"Okay.\" Afternthe little bit that Robert had known and had told her atnThanksgiving, she had formed an opinion of the man which had onlynpartially been revised upon meeting Jeff the next morning. She hopednshe had gotten the wrong impression then, and perhaps she had. Afternall, he WAS here with Lori now, when it counted. Then the baby wasnlifted out, and Catherine went to work. Lorinand Jeff's daughter, at thirty-four weeks, had a good chance atnlife, if they could get that life started. With every firm massagenof her fingers on the tiny girl's chest, Catherine prayed that thenbaby would live: for Lori and Jeff, for Robert, and for herself. Ono O o O o Shenhad come. He had known she would. She had come, and she would saventhe baby. He knew that, too. Because Catherine was with Lori andnthe baby, Robert knew that all would be well. He had even pointednJeff in the right direction and let his son-in-law go on in withoutnhim. She was here. Robert poured himself a cup of coffee and stoodnlooking out the window on the gathering darkness. What a gloriousnChristmas this was! He would speak with her, maybe tonight, maybentomorrow, maybe the day after. But he would speak with her and hisnworld, which had been crazily tipped since Thanksgiving, would rightnitself. Robert was euphoric. \"Robert?\"nCatherine was there, her eyes cool as she looked at him withoutnreally seeing him or allowing him to see her. She gave him the newsnof his grand-daughter succinctly and turned to go. Desperatento hold on to her for even a few seconds more, Robert called afternher retreating figure, \"How ... how have you been?\" Shenstopped and looked back. \"Fine. Fine. And you?\" Henshrugged. \"Okay. I ... I was hoping to run into you.\" Catherinendistanced herself from him. She couldn't understand why he wasnkeeping her here, torturing her like this. Didn't he realize ...? nBut no, how COULD he realize? That one special night hadn't seemednto mean as much to him as it had to her, obviously. If he had REALLYnwanted to 'run into her', he would have been at Murray's thatnSunday! \"Didnyou go?\" was his next question. \"To Murray's,\" he added whennshe didn't answer right away. Whatnshould she answer? What was he expecting her to say? She could notntell him that she HAD gone, had waited for him and had beenndevastated when he had not appeared! \"Oh, you know what? Inforgot! I got so busy ...\" \"Ohn...\" Thenlook on his face almost annoyed her. How dare HE look sondisappointed? Had he really expected her to bewail the fact that shenhad gone and sat waiting for him, humiliating herself in front ofnMurray? \"Did YOU?\" she asked, knowing he could not say yes. \"Inwas there.\" THATnwas unexpected. \"You WERE?\" She stared at him suspiciously. n\"You were there?\" He was LYING to her now? This wasnunconscionable! Catherine wondered if she had ever really known thentrue Robert Woodward, or if she had built up his image in her headnand, well, fallen in love with a figment of her own imagination! \"Yes.\" Catherinenalmost shook her head in incredulity. She dropped her hand from hernhair and walked towards him, still questioning him on the off chancenthat she had misunderstood. \"At Murray's? On Main? On Sunday?\" NownRobert looked surprised by her disbelief. \"Yes!\" Then henshrugged and smiled a little sadly. \"I got called away, but I wasnthere!\" Catherine'snskeptical expression relaxed into one that he interpreted as faintlynderisive. She changed the subject. \"I have to go.\" and began tonleave the room again. \"Whenncan I see you?\" he called after her in desperation. Shenstopped and turned, sighing. \"I don't know. It's a very busyntime of year.\" Robertnknew she was making excuses, but he still wasn't sure why. It hadnsomething to do with Murray's. Why was SHE upset? She hadn'tneven BEEN there! At least he had made the attempt! \"Yeah, well, Inknow I should have called, but ...\" Catherinenstopped him. \"I understand,\" she said, coolly. \"I HAVE tongo!\" \"Ahhn...\" once more Robert's voice stopped her. He fumbled fornsomething to say, then said something about going away for Christmasnto his vacation home, and finished suggestively, \"maybe when I getnback?\" \"Sure!\"nCatherine smiled, knowing she could come up with an excuse later, andnneeding to rush away. She was stunned to find herself inwardlynshaking at the betrayal of who she had thought Robert was. How COULDnhe have lied to her? She made it out the door only to hear him callnher name again. With great effort, she moved back into the door ofnthe room, looking at him almost impatiently. \"Shenmay be the one ...\" he said simply. Catherine stared at him,npuzzled. He elaborated, \"Special child you were meant to save.\" Catherinentrembled as his words sank in. Oh, God, how she had loved him fornhaving said that in the cabin, and how she loved him even more nownfor repeating it and ... Wait. He was married. MARRIED! She hadnno right to love him. Oh, God, this was ridiculous. She had to getnback to Lori and stop all this nonsense about her feelings for Lori'snfather! \"Well, it's Christmas Eve. It's the right night fornit.\" She tried to shrug off what she had done for the baby asnbeing just her job. Theynstared at each other for another second, then Catherine was gone,nleaving Robert to his thoughts. Ono O o O o Thatnnight, Robert lay in bed and went over the events of the past month. nHe remember how, the day after Thanksgiving, he had returned to thencabin to look for Catherine's necklace. He had had hopes that henmight see her there, knowing she had been adamant about finding it. nBut her car was gone from the ditch and she was nowhere in sight. Henhad parked his truck not far from the cabin, and had noted by thensmoke coming from the chimney that the owners were in residence. nResolving to stop in and explain the previous night, Robert had thennwalked back slowly along the road, eyes darting to both sides. Surenenough, shortly before the place she had fallen face first into thensnow, he had found part of the necklace sticking out of the snowbanknon the side. Gratefully he had dug it out, then had hurried back andnhad slid down the hill to where they had found the tractor. There henhad untied her scarf from the tree and had stuffed it into his pocketnalong with the broken chain and necklace. Nownhe wondered if the moment she had fallen flat on her face had beennwhen he had begun to see her as human rather than an automaton. Itnhad taken much more of his teasing before she had shed the rest ofnher condescending, incredibly irritating, holier-than-thou attitude,nbut that moment seemed almost the turning point for him. She hadnbeen so ... so cute, berating him, then falling down mid-word. Andnhe had felt such admiration for her, bravely getting up and carryingnon as if nothing had happened, although he knew the fall had to havenhurt not only her dignity but her body as well. ThenCatherine of the time she had lost the necklace and abandoned hernscarf would have scoffed at his following actions, but the Catherinenof the morning after their one special night would doubtlessnunderstand. That day after Thanksgiving, after finding the scarf andnnecklace, Robert had approached the cabin, had knocked on the doornand had introduced himself to the young man who had answered. Philipnhad come to the cabin that morning to clear out his grandmother'snpersonal effects since she had been admitted to Shelby Manor and hadnknown she would not be coming back home. It had been up to Philip tonmake arrangements with a realtor to sell the place. Innthe month since then, Robert had never regretted his impulsivenactions that morning. He had explained to Philip what he had donenwhen breaking in the night before for shelter, then had offered tonbuy the place as it was. Philip was welcome to take anything he ornhis grandmother wanted, naturally, but Robert had been willing to buyneverything, including the woman's bathrobe in which he stillnfrequently pictured Catherine as she crowed over beating him innscrabble or comforted him when he spoke of his dying wife. MarynBeth's death had put his life in limbo for about three weeks,ndealing with all the issues which always arise in those times. Henhad spent hours talking and crying with his daughters as they hadntried to put the past behind them and move on. One day, Lori hadnfound the scarf and necklace with the broken chain on his dresser andnhad asked him about them, saying she couldn't remember her mothernever wearing them. That was the day thoughts of Catherine had chasednaway the mists of his mind. He had muttered that they belonged tonCath – Dr. Howard, not their mother. Then he had sat down withnLori and Jaclyn, holding the necklace and scarf, and had told themnthe story of that one special night and the special person he hadnmet. \" Oh,nI probably never told you, but guess what? We know her,\" Lorinadded, looking at Jaclyn. \"Remember when we used to go out fornHallowe'en, and that big white house by the river where we alwaysngot the Hershey chocolate bars? That's HER!\" \" Younmean, SHE is a doctor? SHE'S the one who put her car in the ditchnso she and Dad had to walk? The HERSHEY lady? Are you positive?\" nJaclyn was incredulous. She turned to Robert for assurance, but henshrugged apologetically. In those days, Mary Beth had gonentrick-or-treating with the girls and he had stayed home to give outncandy. \" So,nwhat are you going to do with these now?\" Jaclyn poked the scarf,nthen trailed the broken chain through her fingers. \" She'snprobably got more than one scarf,\" Lori said, \"but she might wantnthe necklace.\" \" Yes,nCather ... Dr. Howard DID indicate it meant something to her. Inbelieve her husband gave it to her for their twenty-fifthnanniversary.\" Robert sat looking at it for a moment, then he madenup his mind. \"I'm going to take the necklace in to the jewellersnto get it repaired, then I'll give them back to her.\" Bothngirls looked at him speculatively, but neither said a word. \" What?\"nhe asked defensively. \"I'm just returning her property!\" \" Butnyou bought that cabin, didn't you? The one you stayed in thatnnight.\" Jaclyn said slowly. \"Dad, did you ... do you ...? Oh,nnever mind.\" She blushed and looked away. Lorinlooked down at her fingers twisting together in her lap and saidnsoftly, \"Have you seen her since Thanksgiving, Dad?\" \" No,\"nhe said, rather shortly. \"And I haven't talked with her,neither.\" Thensilence was deafening. Then Jaclyn said in a small voice, \"Havenyou ever met her husband? What is he like?\" \" Innever met him ... and he died last year.\" \" Insee ...\" Jaclyn looked helplessly at Lori who stubbornly wouldn'tnlook up. \" It'snno big deal,\" Robert finally said, impatiently. \"I'm justngoing to get the necklace fixed and return it and the scarf sometime.n I have no plans to make a special point of seeing her. We'll justnsee what happens.\" \" Well,nit IS your life,\" Lori said, slowly. \" Thanknyou for that!\" Robert almost growled. He picked up the gold chainnand put it in his pocket. \"I'll just take it now – I'm on mynway to the site to check on something.\" Henhad had the necklace repaired, and both necklace and scarf were stillnsitting on his dresser ready to return them sometime. He hoped thatnsometime would be very soon. Rollingnover and thumping his pillow, Robert stared into the darkness. Itnhad been wonderful to see Catherine tonight. Despite thencircumstances, she had looked lovely. Guarded, of course, andnanxious to be away from him ... but lovely all the same. Even morengorgeous than he had remembered. He thought maybe she had donensomething different with her hair. Anyway, he was sure that shenwould be happy to get her necklace back, and wondered if she had everngone back to look for it. Yes, she would gasp in surprise when shenopened the box to see it, and happiness would shine softly in hernbeautiful blue eyes. From what he had seen, she had lost weight innthe last month. Probably she had been working too hard. She neededn... she needed picking up. He grinned. Just as he had said that onenspecial night ... His grin faded. That had been the first time thatnThanksgiving night that he had felt the incredibly strong urge toncrush her lips under his. It had not been the last. Henhad been so close to breaking his wedding vows a number of times thatnnight. The way she had trembled in his arms, the look in her eyes,nthe slight quiver of her lips ... Robert groaned. Oh God, he hadnwanted to taste her! He had made the effort and put her down, almostnrunning away from her. Both of them had worked at getting back tontheir previous relationship, but it had been hard. The games ofnscrabble had helped ease the tension in the air, but when they hadnstarted talking about Murray's, then agreed to meet for pancakes onnSunday morning and shook on it, the tension had fairly cracklednagain. He had wanted to tug on her hand, to pull her slowly over tonhim, to search out her secrets and give and receive the pleasure henhad known they could find together. The chemistry had been right ...nand it still WAS right! Wasn't it? Hadn't there been a spark ofnhappiness in her eyes when he had said that his grand-daughter mightnbe the one special child she was meant to save? Dared he believenthat the hum of anticipation he had felt surging through him tonightnwas echoed in her? Robertngroaned again, twisting in the sheets on the bed. He hadn't beennthis bothered in YEARS! He debated getting up, but didn't want tondisturb Jaclyn or Michael. He wondered if Jeff had ever left thenhospital. He wondered if Jaclyn would agree to taking the smallnChristmas tree and their presents over to the hospital first thing innthe morning so they could have some family time with Lori before hen... He thumped his pillow again, and sighed. He wondered ifnCatherine would come to the hospital in the morning while they werenthere. Lori had said Catherine planned to check on them first thingnin the morning. Robert decided that if Catherine did not show upnwhile they were with Lori, he would track her down and return hernproperty. He also hoped to convince her to come with him, back tonthe cabin, to what he hoped would become THEIR vacation home, tonwhere he had stored the thousand candles he had bought in the lastnweek. He wanted to make her fantasy about Robin andnwhatever-she-had-called-him a reality. He wanted to light all of thendamned candles and make love to Catherine all night long and notnworry about the cabin burning down. Hell, he wanted to marry her sonthey could continue making love, and arguing, and making up by makingnlove for the rest of their lives. Ono O o O o Catherinenfared no better trying to sleep that Christmas Eve. Dazed by thennews that Mary Beth had died the Sunday after Thanksgiving, she hadnsomehow managed to take her leave of Lori and the tiny baby cuddlednin her arms and walked down the hall with a slight grin on her face. n\"He was there!\" she said quietly to herself Now she knew whynRobert hadn't shown up that Sunday at Murray's. His absence hadnnot meant that he had stood her up. No, that hadn't been thenreason at all. His family obligation had come first ... as it shouldnhave done. Catherine could not remain angry with Robert. There wasnno reason to have ever been upset. Had she known, however, she wouldnnot have suffered nearly as much as she had for the last month! WhennRobert had not shown up at Murray's, she had been crushed. nHumiliated. Although she had told herself that he would not benthere, she had somehow expected to see him come striding into thenrestaurant, his abrasive yet bracing comments enlivening her and,nwell, bringing her back to life. She had tried her best to forgetnhim after that. She had stopped going to Shelby Manor for fear ofnrunning into him there again. She had avoided Murray's. She hadngone to work early and come home late, and had forced herself to worknhard and exercise and walk so that she would be able to collapse intonbed and find some easement in sleep. Now she knew he HAD been theren... but he had been called away, just as he had said. Gettingninto her SUV, Catherine put a Sarah Vaughn CD in the player andnchuckled as she thought of that Thanksgiving night conversation innthe car with Robert when he had blatantly shown his distaste for hernchoice of music. She had bought this new CD the day afternThanksgiving, right after she had bought her SUV. Despite the painnit had caused occasionally when she had thought of Robert, Catherinenhad found herself enjoying the CD immensely. Robert did have goodntaste in music. WhennRobert had failed to appear at Murray's, Catherine had beenndetermined to keep her anguish a secret from everyone. In fact, shenhad tried her best to forget him. She never told Marina or Williamnor ANYONE a thing about that one special night. The only time shenhad come close to mentioning it had been at the children'snChristmas party at the hospital, when she had approached William tonask if Robert's assessment of her had been as accurate as shenfeared it might have been. William had stared back at her, puzzled,nhad said he thought she had been having too much eggnog, and had gonenhome and had told his wife that Catherine was finally losing it. nMarina had phoned that night, and what she had said had madenCatherine realize, with a laugh very close to tears, that William andnMarina were both convinced that she was making a play for William. \" Wenunderstand how you must feel,\" Marina said, gently. \"It has justnbeen a year. This is a bad time for you, Catherine. But to ask hownyou appear to a man? What IS all this I hear about being interestednand pretending not to be ...? Catherine, I don't want to ask, butnI just have to. Are you after my husband?\" \" Marina,nof COURSE not!\" Catherine couldn't believe her ears. \"You mustnknow I don't feel that way about William!\" \" Well,nI hoped not,\" Marina confessed. \"But, Catherine, what IS it allnabout?\" \" Injust wondered how I appeared to other people. Not necessarily men,nbut ... I just wanted to know if I came across as warm and open as Inthink I am.\" Therenwas a pause, then Marina said carefully, \"Catherine, I think younTRY to appear open, and yes, you are warm, but, well, most people whonlook deeper than the smile on your lips notice that there is anbarrier in your eyes. I'd say you are walling up your emotions tonavoid being hurt again. It's perfectly understandable. I mean,nlosing Tom like that after so many years and with you two notnbothering with kids ... well, I'm sure you are feeling very alonenand vulnerable right now. Especially this time of year when everyonenis with family.\" Catherinenwas surprised, yet not surprised. She hadn't realized that hernunconscious attempt to avoid more pain was that obvious. She felt anpang hearing Marina's view that she and Tom had not 'bothered'nwith children. It hadn't upset Tom that they were childless. Henhad merely shrugged and had said that it was just as well they had nonchildren, what with their busy life style. It was funny that no onenhad ever cared enough to ask her, or perhaps a truer comment was thatnno one had been as brash as Robert, so no one else had ever broughtnup the subject. Robert had been the only one to understand hernunspoken regret for her childlessness, and he had been the one tonheal her inner wounds with the simple comment, \"Maybe you weren'tnmeant to have your own. Maybe you were supposed to save one specialnone.\" Thenglorious truth that had set her free from the guilty secret ofndreaming about a married man who had had no intentions of evernmeeting with her again blazed through her. Robert HAD been atnMurray's! If ONLY she had known at the time! She almost felt likendancing and singing along with Sarah Vaughn. She hadn't stoppednsmiling since she had left the hospital. Robert had looked sonhandsome standing in the waiting room and drinking that awfulnhospital coffee. She had tried so very hard to be professional andnpolite. He had kept calling her back when all she had wanted to donwas get away. She had not wanted him to know that she had waited fornhim at Murray's. But now, well, now everything was changed. nMaybe, just maybe, Catherine thought ... Whennshe got home, Catherine debated whether to crawl into bed or sinkninto a hot bath. Before doing either, she decided to have a glass ofnwine. Unable to relax even then, she continued to pace restlessly. nWhy was she suddenly feeling so lonely? Yes, as Marina had said, itnwas a bad time of year, but this was her second Christmas Eve to benalone. It was fate, she now decided, making her restless with hernlife. She was questioning her priorities at a time when she reallynneeded all her concentration and effort focussed if she hoped to makenit through the Christmas season unscathed. Physical attraction,nwhich she should not even be feeling, was not enough and SHOULD notnbe enough to distract her. Shensettled on the sofa with her glass of wine and wondered just whatnthis all meant. Unbidden memories rose of how it felt to be innRobert's arms. That one time, he had ruthlessly scooped her up andncarried her indoors, ignoring her protests that she was perfectlyncapable of walking in herself. Then, when he had carried her intonthe porch, he had not let her down right away. Instead, he hadnstared into her eyes and told her he thought she needed picking up. nHow could he have known her so well after such a short time? Thentension had been palpable. His eyes had moved to her lips and backnto her eyes, and she had felt his kiss almost as keenly as if it hadnbeen physical. Then he had jumped away from her. Catherine had hadnto force herself to go back into the cabin after him, and to act asnif nothing had happened. She wondered what WOULD have happened if henhad kissed her as she knew he had been longing to do. Somehow, shendoubted that they would have played scrabble, nor slept platonicallyntogether on the old couch in front of the fire. Shenhad known when they had made their agreement to meet at Murray'snand had shaken on it that they were in dangerous territory. Again itnhad been Robert who had pulled away, Robert who had stood up and hadnwalked around the room trying to think of a way out of the impossiblensituation they had found themselves in. It had been then that he hadntold her the truth about Mary Beth, and probably then that he hadnfirst admitted to himself the reality. Lying back against the couch,nthey had warmed their feet by the fire and discussed theirnchildhoods, and what it was like to lose a spouse. Runningnher fingers through her hair, Catherine decided she needed sleep, notnself-analysis. Yet when she crawled into bed, she couldn't sleep. nShe was still trying to figure out what exactly she was feeling andnwhat she was expecting to happen now. After all, she and Robert hadnonly had that one evening. Yes, they had talked about their livesnand their families. Yes, they had seemed to connect on a deepernlevel. But that was all that had happened! Why would she even thinknthere ever would or ever could be more? Robert had been lonely andnhad needed a friend to talk to, someone who understood, someone whonhad been there. She had gone through the same situation the previousnyear with Tom. Maybe that was all that Robert had needed, someone tonopen up to, someone to talk to, someone impersonal and not involved. Catherinenrolled over again. It really was much too soon for Robert to pursuenan intimate relationship. It had taken Catherine a good year afternTom died to even look at a man on a personal level and that man hadnbeen Robert. Just because she had had her grieving time ... \"Oh,nCatherine, what are you doing? Just what are you expecting fromnthis?\" she grumbled to herself. \"The man just lost his wife anmonth ago. He needs HIS time to grieve.\" Shenthumped her pillow, rolled over once more as she struggled to keepnher tears from flowing, whispering into the darkness, \"You are suchnan idiot! Stupid, stupid ...\" She pushed the pillow off the bednin her anger at herself. Burying her face in her pillow, shenstruggled inwardly until she had her feelings under control again. nThen, daringly, she allowed herself to wonder what it would be likento be with Robert, fully and completely, with no misunderstandingsnand nothing else between them. She imagined the heated look that hadnbeen in his eyes that one special night. What would it be like nownthat he was free? She remembered a similar look in his eyes in thenwaiting room tonight ... a look that had hunger and hope mingled. nOh, God, what was wrong with her? Was she so desperate for anrelationship that she was willing to chase a man who had just lostnhis best friend, lover and mate of many years? Whennshe finally fell into a restless sleep, Catherine's dreams were antangle of fantasies, all involving Robert and herself. Early thennext morning, she bundled up for her daily walk, needing something tonreinvigorate herself after spending a night tossing and turning withnthoughts of Robert flooding her mind. The very brisk weather mightnjust do the trick this morning. Today she was glad for the coldnwinter temperatures that seemed to not be letting up at all lately. nAs much as Catherine usually enjoyed all four seasons, this winternstruck her as being much more intense than usual and she foundnherself longing for the first days of spring when the birds would bensinging and the flowers beginning to bloom. Spring always madenCatherine think of new beginnings. Was this possible for her? Shendesperately needed a new beginning. Asnshe walked, Catherine reflected that it was almost the New Year asnwell, another sign for new beginnings. Could Robert be part of hernnew beginning? Was this a new chapter in her life and in his? Oh,nthe questions Catherine had! If only she had some answers! All shenknew was that she felt SOMETHING for Robert. Everything else was anquestion. What, exactly, did she feel for him? Deep friendshipnalone, or could it possibly be love? Was it real, or just brought onnbecause of their propinquity that one special night? Did he haventhose same feelings? Had he ever REALLY thought of her since theirntime in the cabin? Again she smiled faintly. Well, he had shown upnat Murray's that day, so if nothing else, Robert was or could be anfriend. Could he possibly be MORE than a friend? One question justnled to other questions ... \"Oh,ngive up all the thinking and over-analysing and just walk,nCatherine!\" she commanded herself as she hurried along down thenpath and right towards Robert's house. Then she smiled uponndiscovering she had walked right there without even meaning to. Shenstill found it strange that they lived so close to one another,nfrequented the same establishments and yet had never met before. nLife was funny like that. It made one realize that even though atntimes the world may seem small, sometimes it is just the opposite. nLooking up the drive towards his house, Catherine realized that itndidn't look as if anyone was home despite the early hour. Wherencould he be? She supposed they might have gone to the hospital tonsee the baby and celebrate Christmas as a family, but at this hour itnseemed a bit unlikely. Still, if she hurried, she might be able toncatch him ... THEM ... all there. Anslight frown came across Catherine's face as she remembered thatnRobert had said he was leaving for his vacation home for Christmasnand would like to talk when he returned. Why would he be leaving onnChristmas Day when his family was right here and his daughter hadnjust given birth? Would he not postpone his vacation until after thenholidays so he could spend the time with his family? He had claimednto be quite the family man, so why…? Annunwelcome thought suddenly occurred to Catherine. Could Robertnpossibly be taking someone to his vacation home with him? If he werento do that, the someone must be important to make him leave hisnfamily, especially while his daughter and new grand daughter werenstill in the hospital. \"Oh,nwhat an idiot you are, Catherine!\" she said softly to herself. n\"What a fool you are! Do you really delight in torturing yourselfnlike this?\" She turned around, braced herself against the wind andnheaded back down the path in the direction from which she had come. Withnall those thoughts on her mind and with every intention of trying tonforget about Robert as best she could, Catherine headed off to thenhospital to check on little Mary Beth and her mother as promised. nThere, her whole world would change …. thanks to one special man. THEnEND. (Well, their beginning! LOL) ","Summary":" ChristmasnEve Contemplations Disclaimer:n Not the characters, nor circumstances nor even the origin"},{"Movie":"One Special Night","Title":"One Special Hallowe'en","Author":"RevSue","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6439366","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own any of these characters, and I'm not really sure who DOES own them, but I know I make no money from this work of fiction. Oh, and the DVD was produced by Kaboom! Exhausted, a little uncertain about the future yet happy, Catherine made her way out to her vehicle that Christmas Eve. She reached her destination and fumbled for her keys, wearily trying to fit the correct one into the doorlock. She had run the gamut of more emotions than usual this evening, and could hardly wait to get home before attempting to process them all. Most insistent of all, however, was the little voice in her head that kept chirping, \"He was there!\" \"Stop right there, Doctor Howard! You're not going anywhere for a few minutes!\" Her fingers tightened on the keys for a brief moment of consternation until she recognized the voice, then Catherine looked around to see Robert looking at her with such naked longing on his face that her knees turned soft and she went light-headed. \"You're beautiful.\" His voice was ragged. \"The most beautiful person in the world for saving my grand-daughter's life tonight.\" The compliment was so simple and heartfelt that it almost brought tears to Catherine's eyes. \"Th-thank you.\" \"I can't thank you enough. I want to kiss you in gratitude, but...\" Robert's voice trailed away. \"I... you shouldn't say that...\" Catherine began, but she didn't mean it. She wanted him to say it. She wanted him to do it! Not in gratitude, though, but rather in desire. She wanted him to push her against the vehicle and kiss her until she ran out of breath. She wanted to feel his body pressed up against hers... all that hard masculinity... \"You came tonight. You're here now, close enough for me to touch. I haven't been able to think about anything or anyone else, Catherine, but you, for months!\" \"We only met four weeks ago,\" she pointed out perversely. \"It's just a metaphor. I'm very attracted to you,\" he admitted candidly, his eyes searching hers. \"Are you saying you don't feel the same way?\" She felt exactly the same way. She rarely went more than five minutes without thinking about Robert. She hadn't since he had walked into Tom's old room at the hospice last Thanksgiving Day, if she were truthful to herself. She hadn't wanted to be thinking about him. She had been angry with him, both that Thanksgiving night and then when he had not shown up at Murray's the following Sunday, and even more earlier this evening when he had claimed to have been at the restaurant after all. Yet, Lori had said that her mother had died that Sunday morning, so Robert had not lied to her after all. He had been there! In spite of all the anger and questions, sensual images of Robert and of how they might have been together had things been different had plagued her for weeks. Could she lie now? Could she look him in the eye and say she did not want him? If she could, it might make their lives simpler. Catherine really didn't need a man in her life, having at long last come to terms with Tom's death, and it seemed probable that Jaclyn and Lori would feel her unnecessary, to say the least, in Robert's life. Yes, shutting the door firmly on any type of personal relationship was the sane, wise thing for her to do. Robert would respect her decision. She knew that about him. Catherine looked him steadily in the eye and stiffened her spine, mentally rehearsing what she would say. She opened her mouth, intending to be firm but kind. But what came out of her mouth were the words, \"I want to kiss you more than I have ever wanted to kiss anyone in my whole life.\" Her words surprised Robert as well as herself, but he told himself he just wanted one kiss then he would go home and try to forget about her for a few more months. He grasped her shoulders and backed her up against her vehicle. Catherine's moist lips parted slightly, her breasts rising and falling rapidly as he could see easily since her coat, as usual, hung open. \"Last chance to say no,\" he murmured huskily, almost licking his lips in anticipation of the treat to come. Catherine took the initiative, leaned forward, pressed her enticing lips to his, and they were immediately in a different world. Time and space were non-existent. For Robert, there was only Catherine; the feel of her, the scent of her, the wanting that so obviously welled up in her as palpable to him as his own desire. She kissed him deeply, her arms tightly around his body, and he felt the almost-forgotten fire of desire flaring hotly. A wolf whistle broke them apart, and a laughing group of nurses passed. Catherine hurriedly got into her car without another word to Robert, who stood back and watched her drive away. Later that evening, tossing and turning in her bed and unable to sleep, Catherine wished she had not kissed him, wished she had told him that she had lied about not being at Murray's, wished the night would pass. The next morning at the hospital, however, after she had agreed to go with him and he had brought her almost to the cabin, Robert was hoping desperately that he would never have to kiss her then watch her leave him again. Of course, she might have been more impressed with him that morning had he managed to stay on the road instead of ending up in the ditch once more, and in the same place, but he didn't think he really had stranded them here on purpose, as Catherine suggested! Once inside the cabin after Robert had again broken in, much to Catherine's dismay, she took off her scarf and demanded, \"Where are Charlie and Robin?\" \"Howard and Millie moved to Florida,\" Robert announced. \"The place was for sale.\" He grinned at her, unrepentantly, and waited for her to state the obvious. \" This is your vacation home?\" Catherine asked, incredulously. As she stepped further into the room, she looked around the cabin which hadn't changed much in the month since they had been here. \"You ... bought it?\" She turned to allow Robert to remove her coat, noting the fire in the fireplace. \"Yes. For an emergency. In case I ever got stranded again, which, as you know, I just did!\" He tossed her coat onto a chair and put his hands on her upper arms as she turned back to him. \"Do you believe in second chances?\" he asked, hardly daring to hope she felt as he did. She had to have experienced the same emotions when they had kissed the previous evening, or his perceptions had dropped way off in the long months since MaryBeth had been distanced from him by the Alzheimer's. \"I'm a woman of science. I only believe in what I see.\" Catherine replied, staring directly at him and smiling slightly. Happiness was shining out of her eyes and shimmering through her veins. Robert reached out with one hand and closed the door gently, still running his gaze over her lovely face hungrily. It was so hard to believe that they were here again... that she was here again, with him! But he, too, believed in what he could see, and he could see love in her expression. \"Merry Christmas, Millie.\" \"Merry Christmas, Howard,\" Catherine replied softly, conceding to him in their game of names. Their lips met, tentatively at first. As the kiss deepened, they drew each other closer and kissed with all the pent-up need both had suppressed for so long. Heat exploded inside them and both felt as if they might just burst with happiness. The kiss lengthened, then became two, then three, then too many to count. Then Catherine froze momentarily, thoughts of Tom, Marybeth and Robert jumbled in the haze passion had cast over her mind. Instantly aware of her hesitation and correctly guessing the cause, Robert very slowly ended the kiss, and eased back before opening his eyes to see her dazedly looking at him. Her lovely blue eyes were shadowed from the shock of her re-discovered passion. He was certain the look on his face showed his confusion just as much as hers did. \"Oh, damn, Robert!\" she said at last, when she could speak, and pressed her face into his shoulder. She couldn't bear to look at the pain she knew she would see in his eyes. Both were trembling in the aftermath of their ardour and it took a few moments before Robert could speak. At last he muttered, \"Sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so, so sorry...\" He went over and sat on the sofa with his head in his hands, wondering how his life had spun so out of control in just one month. Catherine followed after a moment and perched beside him, nudging him until he looked up at her. Seeing the look of dismay on his face, and hoping it was because of his tangled, raw emotions and not because of their kiss, she took his hands in hers and said earnestly, \"It's just too soon, Robert. For both of us, I suspect, but especially for you. It has only been a month. And even after a year, well, as I've said before, you never really forget the person who has occupied your heart for so long! Yes, we appear to be attracted to each other right now, but perhaps it's just the timing and the fact that we're missing Tom and MaryBeth so very much. Let's go for... for a full year... simply as friends... friends for those times we need a companion... rather than trying to, well, trying to be lovers. We don't have to rush into things. Let's wait and see... and just be friends, with no strings.\" \"No benefits, either?\" Robert couldn't resist quirking an eyebrow at her. He truly loved her for being so sensible, so beautiful... Catherine flushed and drew back. \"Well, certainly not those benefits!\" she almost snapped. \"Damn. Would it help if I said it has been much more than a month of abstinence for me?\" Now Catherine laughed. \"No, Robert. That does not help. No strings, and no benefits! Well, other than companionship when otherwise we would be alone. Friends?\" She held out her hand, reminding him of their handshake on Thanksgiving night. Robert couldn't believe he was agreeing to this. Just friends ? With Catherine? With this woman he suddenly wanted more than he wanted air to breathe? He was in trouble, but what could he do? He held out his hand and took hers in it, gently but firmly. He had to concur, damn it. He also had to get the tow truck to come to get him out of the ditch as soon as possible so he could get Catherine back to her house before he attempted to ravish her again! Thus began a new life for both of them. They met at Murray's often for breakfast over the following months... usually with Michael as their unofficial chaperone but not always. Sometimes Robert's entire family was there, and Catherine was welcomed into their midst with only minimal wariness. They attended the occasional concert and went to the movies when a new one came out. Catherine helped refurbish the cabin to be a 'proper' vacation home and Robert added a couple of bedrooms so they wouldn't have to climb the ladder to the loft. They talked, getting to know each other well. They even talked about Tom and MaryBeth. \"I think you would have gotten along well with Tom and I think I could have been friends with MaryBeth,\" Catherine mused once. \"She'd have loved you as much as I do,\" Robert grinned, then stopped. \"Wait. No, she wouldn't.\" Catherine chuckled and Robert growled a bit before saying, \"That was just a metaphor! Fine. Back to friends with no strings or benefits. Just breakfast dates, dinner dates... no pressure and no rush.\" At his disgruntled look and tone, Catherine grinned. \"I think I have already experienced your idea of 'no pressure'!\" \"You feel the same way, Catherine Howard, and don't you try to convince me otherwise! Besides, you'll find out that I improve over wine and with time.\" Then his voice softened and he said, \"I promise I'll do my best to be the gentleman you want me to be until you feel comfortable with taking things to the next level.\" Over the months, they grew closer together but never once kissed again, although it was getting harder and harder to turn away from each other. Robert's gaze more and more frequently drifted to Catherine's lips and his desire grew so great that it was a physical ache. MaryBeth had not been his wife in more than name for over three years which was something that truthfully had never bothered him before meeting Catherine. But there was something about this new woman in his life that drove him crazy with lust! He often questioned his sanity for having agreed to keeping their distance for an entire year. Because he was not too subtle with his emotions, Catherine found herself dizzy with longing to feel his mouth on hers, his body against hers with no more barriers between them. To be completely honest with herself, Catherine admitted inwardly that it was much more difficult than she had thought it would be to restrain herself from having a blatantly sexual relationship with Robert. She had thought that, at their age, their hormones would have gone to sleep. Instead, it seemed that the moment they had agreed to a more or less platonic friendship, she had been ready to drag him to the nearest horizontal surface and ravish him! The fact that they were not overtly affectionate with one another seemed to please Lori and Jaclyn very much indeed, which only exacerbated Catherine's longing to love their father in every possible way. She ruthlessly suppressed those desires, of course, but they haunted her none-the-less. She began to wonder why Robert had ever agreed to her crazy idea to keep their friendship non-physical, and the fleeting thought crossed her mind that perhaps he found her easy to resist because of her 'ice and high walls' before she told herself crossly that she never had had those in place anyway, even before changing her hairstyle slightly! By the time summer was almost over, they were no more been able to keep from kissing than they had been able to avoid seeing each other. Catherine had already worked through her grief at Tom's death, finally realizing that she could no longer use her late husband to work through her problems, to share events of the day and her deepest thoughts. She needed to deal with her life by herself. Tom was gone. That would always be a tender point of grief, but she was still living. And living meant she had to at least make the attempt to open herself and her heart to new experiences – and new loves – that life brought her. One evening right after Robert's family had left the cabin following a day of vigorous outdoor activity, Catherine gathered her things for the drive back to her place. \"Want to go to Murray's for a late dinner?\" Robert asked as he walked her out to her vehicle. \"We shouldn't.\" \"Catherine, my family trusts me and they like you.\" \"Robert, do you know how bizarre this all is? MaryBeth...\" \"MaryBeth was sick for years, and they knew it,\" Robert growled. \"I'd have thought you, of all women, would understand. I'll have you know I was a faithful husband until I met you, and I took my 'for better or worse, in sickness and in health' commitment seriously! It wasn't until after MaryBeth died that I...\" \"Robert, I'm still uneasy. It's too soon. Lori and Jaclyn will have a hard time accepting me as a more permanent fixture in your life...\" \"So what are we supposed to do? Just wait until they give the signal that we've suffered enough loneliness to suit them before getting together?\" \"I'm just as confused and trapped by social niceties as you are, Robert! Marina and William have never let me forget that I should still be worshipping Tom's memory! But...\" \"Aw, hell, Catherine! We're talking too much!\" He gripped her upper arms, drew her close, lowered his head and kissed her before she could evade him. O o O o O o After the kiss, Catherine had fled, her face pale and her lips swollen from a kiss that had gone from whisper-soft to ardent before either of them could stop it. Yes, both of them would continue to struggle with this intense passion between them for some time yet! They'd both feel a little guilt, too, because it simply wasn't possible for anyone to live with another person for so many years and make every memory go away! And yet, it had been a real challenge for Robert to let Catherine go, and he was already wondering how long she would make him wait now before he could see her again. Giving her time to get home, Robert phoned her later and, although it went against the grain to say it, he muttered, \"I'm sorry I just grabbed you, Catherine.\" Catherine winced at the dejection in his tone. \"Oh, Robert, it wasn't that. No, the kiss was wonderful...\" He drew in a long, relieved breath. \"What I really wanted to do was to take you to my bed and show you that I am not without some finesse.\" \"I think by now I know what you are and what you're capable of, Robert.\" \"Let me come over, Catherine. We shouldn't be having this conversation on the phone!\" \"No... no, Robert. Please. If you come over now, when I'm still so... well, it won't be just kissing. And I'm not ready for anything more yet, and I don't believe you are, either... yes, it is obvious our relationship has moved to the next level now, and we are going to be kissing each other...\" \"A lot!\" he interjected. \"Probably,\" she admitted truthfully. \"But...\" \"You're killing me, Catherine.\" Catherine sighed and sank down on her bed, eying the peanut butter jar conveniently on her night stand. She needed her comfort food – now! \"I'm not feeling too wonderful myself, Robert.\" \"I knew that. My hunch is that you're now going to try to freeze me out because you think that what we just shared was a mistake.\" \"No, it wasn't a mistake. It was wonderful, as I said. But I can't just throw aside all my duties and responsibilities that easily. People depend on me, and if I get too involved with you right now, I'm not going to be thinking clearly. No, Robert... kissing, but no further. Until our year is up in November, all right?\" Grumbling, Robert finally agreed, although every time he kissed her after that, he kept trying to urge her to go a little further. Then it was Hallowe'en. Catherine hoped to see Robert that evening, but they hadn't made any specific plans. That evening, she was home and going to the door every time she heard muffled shouts, knocking or the doorbell, handing out Hershey bars and admiring the children's costumes as usual. Seeing that the huge bowl of candy wasn't being depleted very quickly, she reflected that there were not as many children coming around as there once had been, proof that not only was she getting old but so were most of the people in her neighbourhood! Once the doorbell rang and she opened it to see Michael standing there, grinning up at her. \"Hi, Dr. Cat! Here's a message for you!\" and he held up a yellow paper with uneven letters printed on it. \"Well, hello!\" She eyed him thoughtfully. \"You're a messenger boy?\" \"That's right!\" he beamed. \"You guessed right!\" Seeing Lori and Jaclyn standing back by the driveway, Catherine waved at them and they waved back. She wondered where Robert was but didn't like to ask the young boy. She pretended to be disappointed in just a paper message and said to Michael, \"No singing telegram? In that case, before you get a treat from me, I expect you to treat ME... and sing a song!\" Michael thought about that, then nodded. \"Okay. This is baby MaryBeth's favourite song now.\" and he sang, \" I love you! You love me! We're a happy family ...\" Catherine chuckled and hugged him, then Michael dissolved into giggles before saying, \"That's a message from Grandpa for you! Your singing telgram!\" She dropped a number of chocolate bars into his bag after thanking him, wished Robert had put the idea into Michael's head, then waved again to Lori and Jaclyn. Later on, after not having had any trick-or-treaters for a while, Catherine was opening one of the Hershey bars to eat herself when the doorbell rang again. Glancing first at the clock to see that it was later than most children generally were out, she went to the door and peered through the peephole. Instead of seeing anyone, she could only see a large plywood heart with a crack down it and messages printed in magic marker all over it. 'Wanted: Impressive doctor to mend broken heart!' 'TLC Required!' 'Doctor's assistance needed!' were just a few of the visible messages. Catherine began to laugh, opened the door and Robert peeked around the heart, looking indignant. \"I worked hard at this, and you laugh ? You're supposed to be a heart doctor and mend hearts, not break them!\" \"Oh, Robert, honestly!\" \"Come with me to the cabin, Catherine?\" he asked abruptly. Catherine's breath caught in her throat. She had become so aware of this man over the last eleven months. Whenever he touched her, even when it was just his eyes on her, her skin tingled. Her pulse raced and her heart beat faster in anticipation of the time when they finally would act on the intense emotions that had been building ever since their first special night. \"Now? At this time of night? You're crazy, Robert!\" \"Probably. Will you come anyway?\" She couldn't resist him any longer. Suddenly talking was no longer enough for her. She nodded and grabbed her jacket, taking his hand as they walked to the car. It seemed that for both of them suddenly it was no longer satisfying to merely talk, and the kissing was growing more and more heated. Even so, once they were in the cabin and Robert had started a fire in the fireplace, she tried to slow things down when he reached for her. As he lowered his head, Catherine whispered, \"Robert, we shouldn't. I don't think...\" \"Stop thinking for once,\" he murmured huskily. \"Just for one minute, stop thinking and only feel... me...\" His kiss was as tender and as coaxing as his words. His lips brushed over hers before skimming over her cheek and chin, then back to her mouth. He claimed her mouth with his, after which nothing else seemed to matter. \"I love you, Catherine!\" he said huskily. \"I love you, too,\" she responded in her own throaty whisper. True love really was an acceptance of all that is, has been, will be, and will not be. Catherine trembled as though struck by lightning, and held on to him tightly. Robert could feel the tremors of his own excitement and need, and guided her to the couch. That, however, proved too narrow, so they ended up on the carpet in front of the fireplace, entwined in each other's arms, and loving each other passionately. As the all-consuming wave of desire gradually receded, their hearts continued to pound as one. Robert buried his face in Catherine's hair as he fought to catch his breath. He didn't want to live in the real world, where passion dies but life goes on. He didn't know what he would do if he looked into Catherine's eyes and saw regret. Catherine came back to the real world as her breathing finally began to even out and she realized she was lying on the cabin floor with a delicious man on top of her. This was crazy! She laughed, because what else could she do with the realization that they were complete lunatics? \"We couldn't even make it to a bed.\" \"We were living dangerously,\" Robert mumbled. \"Give me a few more seconds, Catherine, and we can try again... in a bed...\" He hadn't recovered this quickly since he had been a teenager! \"I loved your passion.\" she admitted softly, smiling up at him. \"You inspired me. But now I don't want to let you go in case you try to run away again.\" \"I just need you to roll off me...\" Catherine sighed. With a satisfying growl, Robert rolled them again. Catherine barely had the energy to grab at the afghan on the sofa and pull it over them as they lay side by side on the thick rug on the floor before they fell asleep after their delightful exertions. The next morning, Catherine was awakened by a kiss and a question, \"Do you want a big church wedding?\" \"No!\" she croaked, then cleared her throat and peered at him blearily. \"Do you?\" \"Not really.\" \"It takes too long to plan that kind of wedding,\" she added. \"Okay, let's elope to Vegas tonight,\" he suggested, with an ardent and intimate leer. \"Too flashy and impersonal,\" she said. \"We could have a minister or a judge come to the house. Either of the houses. Or here.\" \"Here,\" Catherine said immediately. \"I want to live here with you. I have so many special memories of our night here last year! I can sell my place.\" \"I'll sell, or better yet, give mine to Lori,\" Robert said. \"That way, if that little weasel cheats on her one more time and she throws him out for good this time, she and the kids will still have a home.\" \"Then I'll give the same amount that your house is worth to Jaclyn, so she doesn't feel slighted. I think we'll have enough left to live on.\" \"Works for me. When is this going to happen? Today?\" \"Robert! I have people dep...\" \"I know! I know! You have responsibilities and duties, and people depend on you. Welcome to the real world, Catherine!\" She smiled reluctantly. \"You're right. But I don't think I can be ready today. I want a new dress... and I want a few days off, at least, so I'll have to give them some notice...\" \"That's one nice thing about owning the company, I don't have to answer to anyone. But I'm thinking now I want to retire and spend most of my time loving you...\" and Robert kissed her and began to caress her again so tenderly that she fell even deeper in love with him, if that were possible. \"Oh, oh yes, Robert!\" she gasped at last. Holding his hands still for a moment, she managed to say, \"I think I'll put in for retirement, too, if you are. I could have retired after Tom died, but I needed to keep going then. Now, however...\" \"So when can we be married, if not today?\" \"How about Thanksgiving Day?\" Catherine suggested. \"A year since we met! We can light a thousand candles, tell everyone who has come to all go home, then we can play scrabble and make love all night long...\" \"Works for me!\" Robert said, although by the twinkle in his eye, she knew he was thinking about burning the house down. \"Mmm, Millie or Robin or Catherine, whatever your name is, you are delicious!\" and he nuzzled her again. \"That's what I thought about you, last year and now!\" And together they created some more special memories. THE END ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own any of these characters, and I'm not really sure who DOES own them, but I k"},{"Movie":"One Special Night","Title":"Wind of Change","Author":"JanetAndrews","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4044930","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's note: Hello all! After a long detour to the PD fanfics, I made a pitstop here to see how Robert and Catherine are doing. This story came about after a talk I had with my friend Sue. You see, Sue is convinced that Catherine's line \"I know...it was one special night...\" has more meaning that just a nice reference to the title. According to her, Catherine and Robert are way too giddy on their car ride home. I wasn't convinced and needed some time to think about it - and now it's Sue's birthday and I decided to write out the scene as a gift for her - but also to see this scenario in my head. Would you like to see it too? Then read this story. It's a one shot, just one scene, one special moment. I hope you'll enjoy - please leave me a review if you have comments for me :) Wind of Change . Something was different. He felt different. For a few slow seconds, he didn't know where he was. He blinked slowly, inhaling deeply. He had learned to fear moments like this. It always came unannounced, the attack on his consciousness, a brutal cold shiver that shot from his head to his toes, waking up every fibre in his body. It would take his breath away, making him gasp in surprise, panting in agony as he realized it had happened once more. His hands would form into fists, his nails pressing his palms, his eyes would blink fiercely – desperately trying to change the darkness that surrounded him. For a few long minutes, his body would tremble, his hands would shake, until he would finally find enough self control to lie down again. Straight away, his mind would start to wonder during those times, and he couldn't recall ever falling asleep afterward. But to his relief, this night was different. His eyes weren't lost in the black darkness, but a soft glow of light came from right in front of him and he was drawn to the source. Right there, in the fireplace, were countless little embers, glowing with their last bit of strength. The fire wouldn't last for much longer, that much was clear, and somehow, somewhere, he felt the strange urge to stop it from burning out, to keep feeding the fire. Yes, tonight was different. He wasn't cold, for one thing. He wasn't shaking nor trembling. His heart was beating calmly and steadily. His eyes were half open, his fingers loose, his legs strangely relaxed, in spite of the uncomfortable position he had been sitting in. And when he inhaled deeply, he did not the smell the cold and disturbing scent of emptiness, of solitude. Right now he smelled a light and sweet scent, coming from somewhere close, very close. He lowered his head, staring down, with a small smile looking at the woman who was sleeping calmly, her head resting on the pillow on his lap. His heart started to beat a little faster as he heaved a deep sigh, careful not to wake her. If he stretched his neck just a bit, he could see the side of her face. Her eyes were gently closed, her mouth slightly open, her chest rising and falling calmly underneath his arm and hand. The soft tickle against his other hand came from her hair, her soft, short golden hair. Somehow it moved him to feel her breathing, it soothed him, feeling the comforting pattern underneath his hands. Unconsciously he synchronized his own breathing with it, closing his eyes for a moment, breathing in, deeply, steadily, breathing out, over and over again. What a strange day this had turned out to be. Full of mixed emotions, an emotional roller coaster ride in a snowy environment. Completely unexpected, yet something meaningful, a chance meeting that had surprised and amused him deeply. He breathed in deeply, smiling as he heard her deep sigh that seemed to come simultaneously with his own. Then, suddenly, he heard her sharp intake of breath and he opened his eyes, feeling how she moved underneath him. Slowly she turned onto her back, blinking her way back to consciousness. When her eyes met his, she seemed surprised. Her eyes shot from left to right, trying to focus. \"Hello,\" she simply said, losing her voice in the hoarse tone she always had when she was disturbed in her sleep. \"Hi,\" he responded and he smiled at her, reassuringly so. For a moment she seemed lost, but then he saw her realize where she was, what her head was leaning on, and that her body was leaning against him. As he had expected, immediately she pulled away from him and sat up, leaving the pillow on his lap. Swearing softly under her breath, she pulled her hands through her hair. \"I'm sorry,\" she said, her cheeks reddening underneath his kind stare, \"I am.\" \"It's all right,\" he said in a soft tone, glancing aside. \"Did I wake you?\" She frowned, trying to get the dizzy feeling out of her head. Her head seemed to be filled with cotton, it had been a while since she'd slept this deep. \"I'm not sure,\" she said just as softly, blinking a few times. \"What time is it?\" \"I don't know,\" he said, leaning a little to the side to reach into his pocket and take out his watch. \"It's almost 3 in the morning.\" She gasped. \"I must have dozed off,\" she said, finally regaining her composure a bit. Breathing in slowly, she looked at him, her eyes narrowing. \"Why are you awake?\" she asked, \"Is something wrong?\" He smiled at her, a calm, kind smile. It surprised her to see how at ease he was, in comparison to her confused state of mind. \"No,\" he said, shaking his head. \"Not really, I was just…you know…\" He turned his head towards the dying fire again, sighing deeply. Understanding began to dawn as she studied him more thoroughly. He seemed relaxed, yet there was an expression in his eyes which she understood and related to all too well. A sense of being lost, as if he was wandering around with no solid home base. \"I know,\" she said. She bit her lip, not sure whether to continue or to let it go. Then, she took a deep breath. \"It's daunting isn't it?\" He didn't look at her, just kept staring in front of him. \"What?\" Slowly she shrugged, tilting her head so she could see his expression better. \"Realizing that it will be like this from now on.\" His smile was soft. \"Alone you mean?\" he asked, staring down to his folded hands on his lap. She let out a humming sound. \"Can I ask you something?\" he then asked, his voice soft. \"Naturally.\" He glanced at her again, she was looking right at him he saw. Somehow he couldn't manage it, her kind eyes resting on him. He diverted his stare, gazing at the fireplace again. \"Does it ever go away? The loneliness?\" She contemplated her reaction. \"Honest answer?\" He nodded. \"Honest answer.\" \"No,\" she said. \"No, it doesn't go away.\" He nodded again, as if he had expected it, this time with closed eyes. Somehow, somewhere in his heart, he had hoped that she would be able to reassure him. Yet he knew that she was right, she had to be right, how could it go away? He looked aside when she spoke again, a change in her voice was evident. She sounded hoarse, spoke with more difficulty, and he waited for her to continue. \"It changes, though, slowly. It's so raw at first. It's an ache that just won't go away.\" She placed her hand on her chest, her hand forming a fist. For a moment she was silent, breathing deeply, somehow trying to find the right words. Then, she smiled at him, as if to reassure him. \"Eventually you learn to cope with it...you go on. But part of you is always sort of looking over your shoulder, as if waiting...as if expecting things will somehow be normal again.\" She paused again, considering whether she should continue. Taking another deep breath, gathering courage, she spoke again, this time looking directly into his eyes. \"It still seems like a part of my life is missing. I don't think that will ever go away. But I can also say that what everyone says about memories is true. The sad ones fade, and the good ones remain. And it's the good ones that help get you through each day.\" His eyes held hers. The tears in her eyes shook him to his core. Here was a woman who had lived it, was still living it. The pain, the despair, the loneliness. He turned towards her now, leaning his arm on the back of the couch. \"And what else helps you get through each day Catherine?\" In her throat she felt it forming, that familiar lump she had learned to fight. She tried to swallow past it like she always did, yet this time she didn't succeed completely. \"I have my work, my patients,\" she said, sounding broken. \"I'm counting my blessings.\" Somehow he felt the need to touch her, to hold her. He reached out, slowly, taking her hand in his. She felt cold. \"Does it help? To be surrounded with new life?\" She tried to blink the tears away that had formed in her eyes, staring down at her hand that was safely in his grasp. He felt warm, comforting. \"Yes,\" she whispered. \"Yes it helps. The children…they remind me that…that…\" She stopped herself and blinked fiercely, pressing her lips together, diverting her face from his inquiring stare. \"That life goes on,\" he whispered, heaving a big sigh as he rubbed her palm with his thumb. \"I know.\" She looked up, unwillingly, her eyes grateful and teary. \"It does go on Robert.\" For a moment they stared at each other and he held his breath, seeing her fragile smile on her pretty face. The silence lengthened and she sighed deeply, moving her head back against the softness of the cushion. Neither of them spoke, it was as if the storm outside did the talking for them – the loud rushing sound of the wind that slammed the violent snow against the window. The white covered branches of the trees fought against the forces of nature, they were bending, not breaking, moving constantly. The contradiction felt strangely protective, the violence of nature outside only strengthened the sense of warmth in the cabin. Slowly, the embers in the fire place died, becoming weaker and weaker until there was nothing left. Still they didn't speak, they were just sitting there, gazing at one another. Even though she had calmed down a bit, he was still rubbing her palm, reassuringly so. She hadn't expected to break in front of him, surely she never meant to do it. She wasn't accustomed to this, to sharing her emotions, her worries, even though she always gave her patients that exact advice.And yet, what normally would have made her extremely uncomfortable and tense, instead gave her a warm sensation in her stomach. She felt a deep sense of relief, a sense of finally being able to share it with someone who knew what she meant without her having to explain it. She didn't talk, she didn't have to, but in a sudden urge to comfort him and to let him know she was there for him, too, her free hand slid off her lap and closed around his knee, squeezing it slightly. The darkness prevented him from seeing more of her than just her profile, but he kept looking at her. Her vulnerability melted him, made him reach out to her. It felt like a natural thing to do and he acted on it, without thinking, without contemplating the consequences. His arm lifted as if someone did it for him and he pulled her against him, slowly, tenderly, feeling how her softness nestled against him. His hand closed on her neck, stroking her hair calmly, his thumb brushing her temple. She closed her eyes in response, breathing in deeply, relishing his touch. It had been so long since she'd felt this warmth of a human body nearby. She opened her eyes as she heard his shaky breath and felt the slight tremor in his hand. \"Robert…?\" she whispered in concern, making an attempt to lift her face off his shoulder. \"No.\" His hand slid to her head and softly, yet with determination, he increased his pressure. \"Don't move,\" he whispered. \"Please.\" She hesitated, knowing somehow that she should withdraw, but something in his voice made her relax again, resting her head back on his shoulder. His arm slid further down, his warm hand closing around her shoulder, going back up, stroking her neck, playing with her hair. Her one hand was still resting on his knee, warm, steady, for now the other stayed safely in her lap. Inhaling deeply, she again noticed that the well-chosen scent he wore that she'd noticed when he carried her inside, a dark, oriental, spicy cologne blended by that typical male freshness, was suddenly much stronger by his proximity. He inhaled deeply. \"This is nice.\" Keeping her eyes closed, she nodded. She couldn't count the times in which she had longed for a human touch during the cold nights she had spent alone in her bedroom. She detested the sensation of her stiff, frozen toes, she hated the chill that went through her spine when she crawled in her too large bed. But most of all, she hated waking up alone. Always alone. From dusk to dawn, coldness in her heart, the chilliness of solitude. The realization of that made her dare to turn her upper body just slightly, finally, hesitantly, tightening her free arm around his waist. He was close enough that she could hear his heartbeat and feel their every breath, matching rhythms. Turning his head, he smelled her hair, it was fresh, soft, a little damp in the neck still – even though it had been a while since she had washed it. The scent of her filled his nose, his mouth, it was as if it was rushed by his blood through his entire being. Slowly his hand slid downwards, closing around her waist. Closer, he needed her closer, he wanted to make her feel better, just like she was doing this for him. She closed her eyes as he took her hand in his again, his fingers tightening around it as if he never wanted to release her. She moved her head just slightly so she could listen to the calm beating of his heart. The storm outside seemed to reach its peak, the branches smacked against the window panes with full force, yet they didn't hear it or didn't want to hear it. She felt so safe, so warm, so alive, and it was so perfect and so unexpected that tears welled up in her eyes. Fighting against it, she breathed deeply, pulling her face back to get more air and she ended up looking straight in his eyes. Robert smiled at her, a pleasant, warm, comforting smile. Their eyes locked, he couldn't help it. He had noticed the blue shade of her eyes before, but now they seemed almost black in the dusky cabin. Catherine was warm, inviting, her eyes sliding across his face, her breath tickling on his skin. Looking at her, taking in her sad smile, he saw tears, one slowly running down her cheek. \"Don't cry Catherine…\" he whispered. He meant it, he simply wasn't strong enough to witness her tears or her pain much longer. Whether it was the darkness that surrounded them, or the violent storm outside, he didn't know – yet he couldn't fight the urge to lean in, pressing a light kiss on her warm cheek. He wanted to take her pain away, to offer her safety and warmth, just like she had offered it to him. Closing her eyes at the contact, she lightly tilted her face so he could touch her cheek with his lips. It was delicate and sweet; hidden behind his strong wall was a tender and warm man. Yet, somehow she had expected him to be just like this. Attraction had sparked between them ever since the first moment, she had felt it, she had pushed it away, and now she felt it again. It tingled in her veins. It surprised her that unconsciously she had given it some thought, his tenderness, his warmth. Releasing her waist, her hand, his hands came up to frame her face. \"Please don't cry,\" he whispered once more, kissing her other cheek. She sighed deeply, searching his gaze. His grasp was strong, his dark brown eyes questioning She wanted to speak, needed to tell him how grateful she was for his presence, but as she lifted her head to do so, he lowered his. And before she realized what was happening, their lips had found each other. The touch was soft, they were tentatively searching one another, brushing the softness that was suddenly exposed to both. It was a single kiss, just lips, softly, tenderly, yet filled with so much warmth and comfort that she gasped slightly. \"Robert…\" she whispered as she pulled back from him, for a moment looking down as his eyes were seeking hers. Her cheeks were burning and she breathed deeply and uncontrolled, yet she faltered when she felt his grasp tighten. She tried, but couldn't stop her eyes from sliding down his face, from his dark eyes to his nose, his mouth, his strong chin, then back up. He was so close, so alive, so vital; so masculine – it made her fingers tremble. He held his breath as he stared into her eyes, those dark blue sparkling eyes that had held him captive ever since he stared into them the very first time. Those eyes, so warm, so inviting. The same eyes that said that she understood, the warmth they gave to him, the need they asked from him, those eyes, he couldn't tear his gaze away from them. \"Don't talk,\" he said as he pulled her closer and claimed her lips again, this time more urgently. Her lips were soft; the kiss was warm and strangely captivating, as if this woman gave him everything she could, in every way she knew. By kissing her, he was taking so much from her and giving it back, compassion, warmth, a hidden need for a human touch, in a way they were both giving back…life. She was warm, responsive, her lips that were moving underneath his were soft and moist, kissing him oh so tenderly. He felt like he knew her soul, that somewhere, somehow, this night was a special gift that had brought them a connection that took them both by surprise. It was so very new, and yet so strangely familiar, feeling her against him, a woman so tempting that his heart started to pound. Her hands slid up his face, cupping his neck on both sides, her thumbs stroking the rough skin of his cheeks. He felt so good, so right, so perfectly close that she wasn't thinking, was only feeling, pulling him closer to her face. She moved her lips in perfect synchrony with his, tilting her head as he slid his hands to her waist, sighing deeply as he groaned ever so softly against her mouth. It had been the last thing on his mind for months, years even, it had been so far stored in his memory that his desire surprised him deeply. The beautiful woman in his arms sparked his natural longing for the sensation of a woman's touch, her hands, her smell, her feminine curves. This woman in particular. Her touch in particular. Catherine was suddenly posing a temptation to him, completely unexpected, her womanhood and sparkling energy coming alive underneath his exploring hands. Her soft chest was pressed against him now, his lips moving feverishly on top of hers. It had been such a long time since she'd felt this way, so long ago since sensuality held her in its grasp – her heart was beating fast, her fingers were trembling, her stomach filling with endless little butterflies. Then, she tasted him completely, her tongue touching his, deeply, warm, as captivating as only a kiss can be. His hand slid to her lower back, to her leg and reached the edge of her robe. Heat gathered in parts of her that had been abandoned for far too long. This man, his touch, was overwhelming her senses. Her desire was growing, reaching the point of no return, she knew it, she felt it, she felt the need to grasp his collar with both hands, to unbutton his shirt, to feel him on top of her… She knew her desire was matched equally by his own, she could feel it in the deepness of his kiss, the urgency of his touch, his sweet murmurings in her ear. It would be so easy, so wonderful to follow her heart, to do all that her body was willing her to do. She wanted nothing more at this moment than to share herself with this man. And yet, somewhere an inner voice whispered to her – telling her to take care, that their emotions were too raw; that both of their hearts were somehow too fragile; that perhaps now was not the time for them…not yet. It was with great difficulty that she pulled away from him, her breathing unsteady. Her eyes sought his, and in them she saw the desire that she knew was still reflected in her own. Slowly, and with regret, her fingers slid to his half open mouth, pressing it lightly. She licked her lips, still tasting him, pressing them together as if to stop them from reaching out to him. She closed her eyes and shook her head slightly. Once. Twice. It was exactly that gesture from her that he needed to pull back too, blinking as he looked at her. \"Catherine…\" he said, sounding hoarse, out of breath, his body simply refusing to obey him. She was whispering, her voice simply wouldn't be stronger. \"I don't want either of us to wake up tomorrow and regret what happened between us.\" She shook her head slightly, keeping her trembling fingers on his longing lips. After slight hesitation, she smiled softly. \"No matter how good it feels.\" He drew a shaky breath, searching for her loving gaze. To his great relief it was still there when he looked into her eyes, she was still as warm and inviting as he needed her to be. His body felt as if it belonged to two people, a deep rooted desire was still shooting through him, yet there was also this other side that called out to him, waking him up. \"I'm sorry, Catherine,\" he said as his fingers tightened on both her hands, slowly bringing them to his mouth. Shaking his head, he pressed a single kiss on her palm, feeling how she squeezed his hands. \"I shouldn't have…..\" \"No. Don't be sorry,\" she said softly as she smiled at him. \"I wanted it, too. I'm just not sure this is something either of us can handle right now….\" \"I know,\" he interrupted. He smiled sadly at her, as he gently reached to brush a loose strand of her hair behind her ear. As he regretfully leaned in to give her one last, tender kiss, he smiled again. \"I know.\" Outside the storm was gradually coming to a rest, the snow falling down more peacefully, the trees managed to stand tall against the freezing wind. He now realized that it was getting colder in the cabin, not sure whether it was only his imagination because of the heat that had been burning between them. She was leaning against him now, her forehead resting against his. Still holding her hands safely in his grasp, he sighed deeply. \"Can I please hold you?\" She smiled, she couldn't help it. Slowly she untangled her hands from his hold, sliding them up his chest, over his shoulders. \"Yes you can,\" she nodded, swallowing as she found his endearing gaze resting on her. \"I'd like that very much.\" And so he did. His arms circled her waist, his hands finding each other on the small of her back, pulling her as close as he could get her. Inhaling deeply, he buried his nose in her neck, taking in her sweet scent, her softness, her love and understanding for what could be the very last time. For now, he would take what he could and he would give whatever possible – enjoying the unexpected present that life had thrown their way. This could be the beginning of something new, at least a friendship born out of mutual understanding, sympathy and, yes, a very real and sparkling attraction. He would appreciate it all to the fullest. She had shown him how. THE END . Till next time! PD's, here or somewhere else - who knows? Love, Janet xxx ","Summary":" Author's note: Hello all! After a long detour to the PD fanfics, I made a pitstop here to see how R"},{"Movie":"One Special Night","Title":"To Christmas Yet To Come","Author":"Magnolia.Rose","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2707258","Passage":"[Chapter 1] TonChristmas Yet to Come A/N:nI don't own One Special Night, though I actually don't know whondoes. I'm not making any money off of this, it was just for fun.nNow that the technicalities are out the way…enjoy! And please dropnme a note to let me know what you thought of it. Feedback is ALWAYSnmuch appreciated. Thanks, Lizz Catherinenawoke later that day, to find the cabin dark and chilly. She snuggledncloser to the warm body beside her, and tried to remember what hadnhappened. Bit by bit it all came back; Robert, meeting her at thenhospital, taking her to the cabin, kissing her… She looked up atnthe sleeping man lying beside her. Dear, sweet Robert. She stillncouldn't believe that he had gone to the trouble of finding hernnecklace. When had she realized that she loved him? Catherine decidednthat it had been that day in the hospital, the first time she hadnseen him after Thanksgiving. Pullingnthe blanket off the back of the couch, she covered them with it, thennscooted up a little bit, to kiss him gently on the lips. He didn'tnwake up, but his arms circled her more tightly. \"Robert,\"nshe said softly, bringing her lips to his again, \"Robertndarling, wake up.\" \"Why?\"nhe mumbled, barely opening his eyes. \"BecausenI can't sleep.\" She told him, smiling. \"Oh,njust because you can't sleep, I shouldn't either?\" \"Somethingnlike that,\" she laughed, and kissed him. \"AlthoughnI suppose there are certain advantages of staying awake with you,\"nhe grinned, then claimed her mouth in a passionate kiss. \"Oh,nRobert,\" She said when they parted. \"I never dreamed Incould feel like this again.\" \"Coldnand stiff?\" he cracked. Shenchuckled. \"No darling. So…alive. So loved.\" \"Younare, Catherine. So loved.\" Giving her another quick kiss, he satnup and pushed the blanket off. \"I'll get that fire going againnin no time.\" \"Good.nIt's freezing.\" He wasnright. Within seconds it seemed the fire was blazing brightly,nwarming the cabin and filling it with a cozy glow. Robert returned tonthe sofa, sitting beside Catherine and gathering her close again,nwith a kiss on her cheek. \"Incan't seem to stop kissing you,\" he told her, smiling. \"That'snall right. You don't have to.\" She replied, snuggling closer tonhim, wrapping her arms around his neck. \"I never realized hownmuch I missed this,\" she said suddenly. \"Missednwhat?\" he asked, staring into the fire. \"Beingnheld like this. Having someone there to lean on and turn to.\" \"Youncan't do everything yourself, love.\" He told her in a quietntone. \"Inknow. I can't. But if you repeat that to anyone I'll…\" shentrailed off. \"You'llnwhat?\" he teased. \"Nevernkiss you again!\" she retorted, turning her head and avoiding thenkiss he had leaned in for. \"Ingive you my word, that secret will never get out.\" He saidnsolemnly. \"I'llnbet you a thousand dollars that you can't keep that promise,\"nshe mumbled against his lips. \"oh,nbut I will.\" He replied, pulling her closer. Catherinenrested her head on his shoulder, holding him tightly, knowing thatnshe could never let him go again. After losing Tom, she was awarenthat they had very little time together, and the thought of beingnalone again frightened her. \"Whatnis it, love?\" Robert asked, feeling her shiver. \"It'snnothing.\" She told him, pressing her lips to his neck, thennsettling deeper into his arms. \"Inwas just thinking,\" Robert said, \"That I don't want to benalone again. And that I don't ever want to let go of you for fearnthat you'll disappear.\" He looked down at her, and wasnastonished to find tears gleaming in her eyes. He opened his mouth tonspeak, but she placed a finger over his lips. \"Inwas thinking that too. Don't let go, Robert. Don't ever let go, andnwhen we go, we'll go together.\" She said in a whisper, but tonhim, the words resounded around the room. He gavenher a small smile, and stroked a finger down her cheek. \"Do younhave any idea how much I love you?\" \"Ifnit's anywhere near as much as I love you, I do.\" She replied, asnhe lifted her up to kiss her. Neithernone knew how long they sat together on the sofa kissing. The fire wasnbeginning to die down again when they pulled back, to look at eachnother. \"Thisnis the best Christmas I've had in a long time.\" She said. \"Mentoo, although I have to tell you. I'm fairly hungry.\" \"Shallnwe attempt dinner? I don't think anyone will deliver to us, listen tonthat storm out there.\" Catherine chuckled. \"Thenfact that it is Christmas Day might be a bit of a problem as well. Indon't think the pizza place stays open.\" \"Well,nthere's always peanut butter and jelly.\" Catherine said,nfollowing him into the kitchen area of the cabin. \"ornmacaroni and cheese,\" Robert quipped. \"Oh,nRobert that was terrible. I honestly don't know who would eat that.\" \"wellnthen, how about frozen pizza? I bought it special for the occasion.\"nRobert said, grinning. \"Actually,nthat sounds rather good. Not exactly the traditional Christmas dinnernthough.\" Catherine said, turning the oven on as he pulled anpizza out of the freezer. \"Let'snstart a new tradition,\" Robert suggested, kissing her lightly asnhe passed her on his way to fetch a cookie sheet to put the pizza on. Once thenfood was cooking, Catherine wandered over to the small stereo in thencorner, and began looking through the music. At the bottom of thenpile, she found a Frank Sinatra Christmas album, and smiling tonherself, she put it in the CD player. Robert re-entered the room,njust as the first song began to play, and laughed out loud. \"Trustnyou to find that one,\" he said, crossing the room, to stand innfront of her. \"Dancenwith me?\" she asked, hooking her arms around his neck. \"I'mnnot a very good dancer,\" he replied, at the same time his handsncurled around her back, pulling her closer to him. \"That'snall right, there's no one watching.\" She said softly, as theynswayed to the music. The ovennbeeped, signaling that their pizza was done, about twenty minutesnlater. With a small sound of disagreement, Catherine pulled away fromnRobert's embrace so he could tend to the food. Her mood was liftednagain a moment later, when the song changed. \"Oh!\"nshe cried, \"This is my favorite Christmas song!\" She begannsinging along softly with Frank. Hark,nthe herald angels sing, Glorynto the newborn king Peacenon Earth, and mercy mild Godnand sinners, reconciled Joyful,nall ye nations rise, Joinnthe triumph of the skies Withnangelic hosts proclaim Christnis born, in Bethlehem, Hark!nThe Herald Angels sing, Glorynto the newborn king \"What?\"nshe asked, when she caught sight of Robert staring at her when thensong was over. \"Nothing.nYou're just absolutely lovely, that's all.\" \"Flatterer,\"nshe said lightly, setting plates out on the table. \"Amnnot, it's true.\" He protested. Catherinensuddenly caught sight of the small Christmas tree that had been setnup in the corner. \"Robert!\" she cried, making him turn sonquickly that he nearly dropped the glasses of Coke that he had justnpoured. \"What'snwrong?\" he asked as he hurried over to her, setting the cups onnthe table and taking her hands. \"Oh,nI'm sorry. It's just, I didn't get you anything for Christmas.\"nShe said apologetically, her gaze falling to the floor. Robertngrinned, and pulled her close to him. \"Darling, as cheesy asnthis sounds, you are the best Christmas present I could ever asknfor.\" Catherinenlooked up at him. \"That was pretty cheesy.\" \"Ah,nbut it's true, my love.\" He told her, emphasizing his statementnwith a tender kiss. \"Now, I believe our lovely Christmas dinnernis getting cold.\" Henreleased her, and they sat at the table. \"It seems we shouldntoast something,\" Catherine mused. \"I'vengot it!\" Robert said, lifting his glass. \"To Christmas yetnto come,\" Catherinensmiled. \"I like that,\" she replied touching the rim of hernglass to his. Afterndinner, they washed dishes together at the kitchen sink. It amazednthem both how such a simple task could be ten times better whennshared with the person that you love. Laughing and reminiscing aboutntheir first night in the cabin, Robert and Catherine managed to getnthemselves completely soaked by the time they were done. Catherinendropped more wood on the fire, and even turned up the electric heat anlittle. The wind blowing fiercely outside was making the cabinnexceptionally cold. Robert had gone outside to fetch more wood tonrefill the cabinet before the pile was buried under the snow. Comingninside, with wood piled up in his arms, Robert couldn't quite get thendoor shut. Catherine hurried around to block out the cold breeze,nthen took a few pieces of wood from him so she could see his face. \"Youncould have made more than one trip, you know,\" she said,nsmiling. \"Andndeny myself the chance to prove my manhood?\" he threw back atnher, neatly stacking the wood in the small cabinet. Picking up ansmall pine bough he held it over her head and kissed her. \"That'snno mistletoe!\" she exclaimed. \"And you don't need cheapntricks, anyway.\" \"Well,nthat's good to know. Catherine, you must be freezing. Why don't youngo change out of those wet clothes,\" he told her, after noticingnher shivering. \"ButnI don't have…\" \"Inbelieve you will find a fuzzy flannel bathrobe in there with yournname on it,\" he cut her off, his eyes twinkling. \"Younwere really confident that I would stay with you, weren't you?\"nshe asked Robert, when she emerged from the bathroom a few minutesnlater, now snug and warm. \"Let'snjust say, I was hoping for a Christmas miracle,\" he replied,nwrapping his arms around her. \"Didnyou get one?\" she asked softly. \"Indid.\" He replied, in an identical tone. \"I'll have to leavenout an extra cookie for Santa Claus tonight. I definitely owe him onenfor this.\" \"You'rensweet,\" she replied, touching her lips to his. \"However,nyou're soaking wet from all that snow. Go change, you're making mencold.\" She ordered. \"Yes,ndear.\" He said, giving her a mock salute. \"Oh,ncharming,\" she muttered, sinking down onto the sofa to watch thenfire. \"And Robert?\" He turnednto face her, framed in the bathroom doorway. \"Yes, dear?\" \"SantanClaus came last night.\" \"Wellnthen I definitely owe him some cookies.\" When theynwere both changed into dry, comfortable clothes, Robert poured them anglass of wine, and Catherine dug out the Scrabble board. Afternthrowing more wood on the fire, they settled in for an intense game. \"You'rennot going to win, this time!\" Robert told her. \"You'venbeen practicing?\" she teased him. \"nThat's right,\" he said, laughing. \"Oh butncan you beat this?\" Catherine asked, laying down her letters.n\"O-c-c-u-l-t. That's…11 points.\" Robertngrinned at her. \"Z-a-p-a-t-o. That's…22 points! And the lead.\" \"That'snnot a word!\" Catherine protested. \"Ofncourse, it is! It means shoe in Spanish!\" \"Youncan't use foreign languages in Scrabble! It's against the rules.\"nShe argued. \"Whynnot?\" \"Becausenit isn't fair to the other players who maybe don't know thenlanguage. Who's to say that you're not making it up?\" \"Humph.nDo you have something against shoes, Catherine?\" he teased her. \"As anmatter of fact, I don't like shoes all that much. I much prefer notnwearing them.\" She told him, smiling. \"Interesting.nAs long as we're sharing, I don't like socks.\" He said, andnthey laughed. \"All right. I'll take back the word, if you help mencome up with another one.\" \"Deal.\" The gamencontinued like that for quite some time until Catherine played thenlast of the letters. \"Horse puckey!\" Robert cried in dismay asnshe won again. Catherinenchuckled. \"You'll never win.\" Robertnglanced at his watch. \"Would you believe that it's almostnmidnight, and we haven't opened Christmas presents, yet? My girlsnalways had us up at six o'clock.\" \"Inbelieve that.\" She grinned, then added, \"They're lovely girls,nRobert.\" \"Thanknyou. I agree.\" He told her, getting up to fetch her present fromnunder the tree. \"Younwere actually very hard to shop for, my dear.\" Robert told her,nhanding her a small box. \"Oh,nreally? Well I still feel guilty that I don't have anything fornyou, though I imagine that you'd be equally as hard to shop for.\"nShe smiled, taking the small package from him. \"Don'tnfeel guilty. You didn't know you'd end up here.\" Robert toldnher. \"Now, open it.\" \"Allnright! My goodness, you're just like a child.\" Catherine said,nlaughing as she gently pried the tape loose. \"You donknow that wrapping paper was made to be ripped, right?\" Robertnasked her after a moment. Laughingnat his impatience, Catherine tore off the paper, to reveal the smallnbox of perfume concealed inside. \"Chanel,\" she said aloud, withntears gathering in her eyes, as she remembered their conversationnthat morning. \"Thank you, darling.\" She leaned across to kissnhim. \"Don'tncry, it's Christmas. You're supposed to be happy on Christmas.\"nHe told her, pulling her into a warm hug. \"I amnhappy. Happier than I've been in a long time. And it's allnbecause of you.\" \"Allnbecause of me? Well then, could you remember that happiness in thenmorning when I give you a snow shovel to help me dig us out of here?\"nhe teased, trying to make her smile. His effort was rewarded, whennshe giggled and kissed him. \"Whatnmakes you think I want to leave?\" ","Summary":" TonChristmas Yet to Come A/N:nI don't own One Special Night, though I actually don't know whondoes."},{"Movie":"One Special Night","Title":"No Show?","Author":"RevSue","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2416792","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer:nI don't own any of these characters, and I make no money from thisnwork of fiction! NonShow? Shenhad been afraid he wouldn't show. She had tried to hold down hernexcitement by telling herself that he WOULDN'T come. Now, as she metnMurray's sympathetic gaze when he asked if she wished to place hernorder, she wished fervently she hadn't come. Instead, she forcednherself to smile and ordered the chocolate chip pancakes. Whennthey came, they were delicious, as Robert had said ... but she had nonappetite. She listlessly pushed a few pieces around her plate withnher fork, trying to make it look as though she had eaten more thannshe had, then she gave up and moved the plate away, just sittingnthere, lost in thought. She was beginning to feel rather foolish. Shenhad come, wanting to meet him again, wanting to see his smile, hearnhis voice. Obviously he had not been as taken with her as she hadnbeen with him, because he hadn't bothered to come, hadn't even phonednhis regrets. Catherine sighed, more disappointed than she was willingnto admit. Murraynhesitated before taking the bill over. When she had come in, Dr.nHoward had, for the first time in a year and a half, looked animatednand happy. He hated to see the sparkle dulled once more in hernbeautiful, blue eyes. Inwardly he cursed the 'he friend' who hadnstood up such a fine woman as this. Even worse than her dejected facenwas the forced smile that met his return to the table, as she triednto pretend that nothing was wrong. Watching her make her way out thendoor into the cold again, Murray shook his head. Some men should bentaken out and SHOT! There was a lovely woman, inwardly crying out fornmale companionship, and whoever she had been expecting hadn't evennmade the effort to call on the cell phone or pager Murray knew thendoctor carried everywhere with her. Asnhe cleared away the plate with the remains of the pancakes, Murraynwondered briefly about another regular. It wasn't like Mr. Woodwardnand his young grandson to miss a Sunday morning pancake breakfast.nPerhaps, since it WAS Thanksgiving weekend, his other daughter wasnhome and they were doing something as a family. He hoped so. ThenWoodwards, like the Howards, were very special people. It had beennhard to see Mr. Howard getting thinner and weaker as the cancer tooknhold despite the surgery and radiation he had undergone. It had beennequally hard to see merry Mrs. Woodward, who had always had a smilenfor Murray, become a mere shadow of her former self, with eyesnsuspiciously darting in every direction on the lookout for any dangernreal or, regrettably, mostly imagined. Murray sighed, thankful indeednthat his family were all healthy and happy and home with him. Fornthe next week, Catherine's mood swung back and forth. First she wasnangry that Robert had stood her up, then she was afraid that perhapsnsomething had happened to him. Had he been in a car accident? Had henhad an accident at the construction site? For the first few days, shenwas unwilling to drive past his house, because she didn't WANT to seenthat he was carrying on with his life as usual. Then she was hurtnthat he could have so easily dismissed all they had shared that onenspecial night during the storm. She went over and over and over thennight in her mind. Why would he have agreed to meet at Murray's onnSunday, then not shown up? Had she somehow mixed up the days? Shenmade time a couple of weekdays that first week to stop at Murray'snfor coffee, but she never saw Robert. She bought a Sarah VaughnnChristmas CD, telling herself it was NOT because she knew he likednlistening to that artist. She listened to it exclusively in her newnpractical vehicle. Yes, she had broken down and bought an SUV, nownthat she was living in the \"real world\" -- a world wherenjust one night was nothing special to most people. Finally,nafter a week of fighting with herself to not phone and talk to him,nher pride stiffened and she determined to put the entire episode outnof her mind. After all, he knew exactly where she lived, and wouldnnot have to look up the address in the phone book the way she hadnlooked up his. If he was at all interested in pursuing a friendship,nhe could find her. Since he didn't bother contacting her, she wasnforced to assume he had put her and that night out of his mind. Earlynthat December, Catherine immersed herself in her work to thenexclusion of everything else. No longer did she take time to go tonShelby Manor just to sit and think in her husband's room. She didn'tnwant time to think. It was too painful. She wouldn't even find timento visit with Marina and William, for fear they would ask her aboutnthat night, or her personal life, or anything at all. She completelynexhausted herself so that at night she could come home late and fallninto bed and immediately into an exhausted sleep. Yet most mornings,nshe jerked awake with Robert's name on her lips, then rolled over andnpunched her pillow. Why couldn't she forget him? Aboutntwo weeks later, Catherine came home from the hospital just as dawnnwas beginning to break in the east. She was exhausted, but knew shencouldn't possibly fall asleep. She was still keyed up from thensuccess of the all-night fight to save a newborn. Changing quicklyninto comfortable clothes, she set off for a brisk walk along thenriverbed. Robert,nthree weeks after Mary Beth's death, was still finding sleep elusive.nAfter a night of tossing and turning, he had gotten up just beforendawn and driven to the riverside park. Leaving his car in the parkingnlot, he walked along the river in the direction of Catherine's house.nHe still felt it much too early after Mary Beth's passing to think ofna relationship with another woman, but he had felt so good thatnThanksgiving night talking with Catherine. He assumed she had heardnabout Mary Beth and hadn't been in touch with him, perhaps to helpnhim ease his conscience about the night they had spent together,nplatonic though it had been. Trying to get up his nerve to call atnher house sometime, he stopped before getting too close and turnednaround. No, he couldn't do it. Not today. Not yet. It was still toonsoon. Henmade his way down to the path alongside the river, one which was notnas well used, as icy patches clung to the gravel and the snow hadnbeen trampled rather than shovelled off the walk. He moodily kicked anchunk of ice off the pathway, then started out. Walking along asnquickly as he could, slipping now and then, Robert paid morenattention to where he was putting his feet than to where he wasngoing. Rounding a corner, he ran straight into someone walking thenother direction. Both said, \"DAMN!\" Robert'snhands came out automatically steady them both, and his eyes widenednas he looked into Catherine's. \"Catherine!\" \"Robert!\"nshe looked almost dismayed to see him. Henwondered if she was feeling guilty now for not being in touch afternhearing about Mary Beth. Saying nothing about it in an attempt to putnher more at ease, but not aware that he was still gripping her uppernarms, he said, \"How have you been?\" \"Oh,nfine!\" she said in a brittle voice, which said she had been justnthe opposite. \"You?\" \"Fine,ntoo,\" his voice echoed hers in falsity. \"We're getting by.nIt's hard when the centre of the family is no longer in the centre.nYOU know.\" \"Yes,\"nshe admitted, looking down at her hands which she was twisting innfront of her. \"Younshould have done up your coat if you're out walking in the cold,\"nhe growled, looking at the edges of her jacket flapping in the coldnwind. \"What if you caught your death of cold?\" He frozenwhen he said that, and, realizing he was still holding her, releasednher instantly. Watching her face change at his words, he felt ansudden urge to warm her up in his arms. Shenwrapped her coat around herself tightly, frowning. \"You reallynARE a half-empty kind of guy, aren't you?\" she said at last. \"Whethernthe cup is half-empty or half-full REALLY depends on whether you'renpouring or drinking,\" Robert couldn't help saying, and his grinnwas seductive. Withna scornful laugh, Catherine turned away and slipped on the ice. As henhad that special night, Robert caught her before she landed andnchuckled as he swung her into his arms. \"I'll sweep you off yournfeet, my lady! As I said before, you need picking up, and today I'mnvolunteering for the pleasure!\" Shenstarted to struggle for freedom even as he took a step, then Robertnhimself slipped. They landed on the ground, Catherine still in hisnarms on top of him. She looked down at him, prepared to launch anscathing protest, but it died before she said a word. Beforeneither was really aware of what they were doing, they foundnthemselves kissing frantically. In the cold dawn of that Decembernmorning, they clung together in the snow. She was tired of beingnalone. So was he. They had both suffered deep losses, and were readynto move on with their lives, preferably with each other for company. Robertnspoke huskily, \"You've made me come alive, Catherine. You'venmade me think about things that were buried so deep I never thoughtnI'd experience them again. I want to be with you, talk to you, arguenwith you.\" Catherinentried to take a deep breath, but it hitched, only half-filling hernlungs. He pressed his lips to her jaw, cheeks, and eyelids, so gentlynand completely that he left no part of her face untouched. Her handsnclenched on his shoulders as she arched her neck, giving him licensento continue his delicious exploration. It was as if every moment ofnthe last two years had been leading to this one early morningnencounter. All the sacrificing, all the denial of her desires hadnbeen for this meeting with this man. Thennthe dim early morning light and the cold called her back as thenbreeze fanned her face, beginning to clear her mind of the recklessnpassion flowing through her. This was crazy. Dangerous. Devastating.nHe had told her about Mary Beth, the woman who had been his life, thenwoman who no longer was at the centre of the family, but by hernillness had been sidelined through no one's fault, least of all hernown. \"Oh,nGod, Robert, what are we doing?\" Catherine tore herself out ofnRobert's embrace and scrambled to her feet, horrified and ashamed. Henwas MARRIED! Ignoring his shouts for her to return, to listen to him,nshe hurried away, escaping inside her house where she huddled into anchair and rocked, tears pouring silently down her cheeks. Shenfought back the memory of his kisses when she had been renderednhelpless by the power of an attraction that she now tried to dismissnas a totally chemical reaction on both their parts. That would notnhappen again, she told herself firmly. It COULD not happen. She wouldnmake sure of it. She was a professional, and she would act like it.nShe had managed it before, despite the pain she had been in. She wasnalone, and could deal with her solitude. She just needed a bit ofntime ... Shenknew now that she had erected a barrier between her feelings andnothers ... not even her closest friends, Marina and William, werenaware of the extent of her hurt. Tom had been wonderful to her, andnshe had failed him again and again. The only two things he had wantednfrom their marriage had been her whole heart and a child ... and shencould not give him either one. Naturally he had never said anythingnor even hinted at his disappointment, but she knew. She had tried tonopen up to him, to tell him her most private thoughts, but she hadnnot felt worthy of him. What if she had shown him her inner self, andnhe had found her wanting? She could not have borne that. Instead, shenhad painstakingly fashioned a whole persona which she now wore easilynand which had fooled everyone ... until Robert. He alone knew shenneeded picking up. She needed, just ... needed. Althoughnin the aftermath of that early morning meeting, Catherine was nonlonger sure she ever wanted to see Robert again, once more she foundnherself unable to stop thinking about him, dreaming about him,nlonging for his presence, his touch ... Robertnwasn't much better. He, too, felt very guilty about the snowyninterlude in the early hours of the morning, since Mary Beth had onlynbeen gone three weeks. He sidestepped Lori's questions and the looksnJaclyn tossed him, concentrating on Michael and wondering if he wouldnever have the nerve to call Catherine. He STILL hadn't explainednabout not meeting her at Murray's that Sunday! He wondered if she hadngone, and hoped she hadn't. If she had, what would she be thinking ofnhim for never showing up or sending word? And now that he had begunnto arouse Catherine's passion along with his own, he found that hisndesire to be with her again was interrupting his routine. Wouldnthey ever see each other again? Would they ever have a chance to loveneach other as they were meant to do? Both hoped fervently the answernto those questions would be a resounding yes! ","Summary":" Disclaimer:nI don't own any of these characters, and I make no money from thisnwork of fiction! Non"},{"Movie":"One Special Night","Title":"Does Father Know Best?","Author":"RevSue","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4996971","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer:nI don't own any of these characters, and I don't know who DOES ownnthem although the movie was produced by Kaboom!, but I know *I* makenno money from this work of fiction. I just love Robert and Catherinenand wish they'd share their 'secret' stories with me morenoften! (And don't ask why I'm doing the story from Jaclyn'snpoint of view, because my answer would be \"I HAVE NO IDEA! I DON'TnEVEN PARTICULARLY LIKE HER!\" Sigh.) Jaclynnlistened half-heartedly to Michael's chatter as she looked out thenwindow, wondering where her sister and Jeff and, more importantly,nher father were. The sun was shining brightly on the copious amountsnof snow that had fallen over the last eighteen hours, and she knewnthe plows had been going since the snow had slowed down a few hoursnago. Lori had phoned to say that their father had been found safenand sound and they would be home as soon as they had dropped off hisncompanion in misfortune. Then Lori had disconnected before Jaclynncould question her further. Itnhad been a horrible Thanksgiving so far. Jaclyn still hadn't fullynrecovered from the shock of finding her mother so vastly differentnfrom the vibrant woman of her childhood and even from the somewhatnvague woman of last summer who hadn't seemed to let anyone ornanything disturb the outward placidness she wore like a cloak. Then,nwhen Lori and Jeff had rushed out to search for their father in thenmiddle of a raging blizzard and left her alone to feed and reassurenher young nephew, Jaclyn had had too much time to think after puttingnthe child to bed. Why had her father left the long-term carenfacility with a stranger? He had SAID he was going to get a taxi! nLori had assured her younger sister when she and her estrangednhusband had arrived home late last night, exhausted and discouragednat their failure to locate the missing car and occupants, that thennurse at Shelby Manor had said he had been offered a ride by a Dr.nHoward, so at least he was in good hands. \"We'llnhead out first thing in the morning,\" Jeff had assured the twonsisters before they had gone to bed and he had crashed on the sofa. n\"Once the sun starts to come up, we'll be able to see the ditchesnon the side of the road. We were pretty thorough last night on thenhighway, but there are some back roads we can try next. We'll gonback to Shelby House along the highway and check to be sure, thennstart out from there and see what we can find on the way. Too badnthe nurse didn't know what kind of vehicle the doc was driving, butnif the man is a doctor, he must have some brains and be driving anfour-wheel drive or something. The two men probably just holed upnsomewhere for the night and spent the time playing poker.\" FinallynJaclyn saw Jeff's vehicle turn the corner at the end of the street.n \"Here they come, Michael!\" she cried, and the two hurried to thendoor. Whennher father, Lori and Jeff were in the house and Jaclyn and Michaelnhad both had their hugs, Jaclyn shedding a few tears of thankfulness,nJaclyn eyed her father. \"You don't look like you spent the wholennight playing poker! You must have got some sleep.\" \"Indid. A few hours on the sofa in front of the fireplace ... and wenweren't playing poker, it was Scrabble.\" \"Oh?\"n Then Jaclyn grinned. \"Most doctors I know are HOPELESS atnspelling. So did you beat the good doctor?\" \"Nah.n She beat me. Damn, she's competitive!\" Robert shook his head,nsmiling at the memory. \"So, how's my best bud?\" he asked hisngrandson, and headed for the living room with Michael hanging ontonhis arm and Jeff at his heels, not seeing the shock on Jaclyn'snface. Dr.nHoward was a WOMAN? Her father had spend the night with a WOMAN? nJaclyn looked at Lori who grimaced faintly, knowing exactly whatnJaclyn was thinking. She leaned closer and said in an undertone,n\"Not only is Dr. Howard a woman, but she is a very attractivenwoman! Remember the Hershey lady who used to give out the greatnHallowe'en treats? The one in the stone house by the river?\" \"HER?n Can't be! The Hershey lady moved away! I saw a for sale signnthere years ago, then a sold sign... so it can't be her. Thisndoctor must have bought the place.\" Lorinlooked thoughtful. \"Well, she really LOOKED like the Hersheynlady... and by the way she talked... she said she liked to spoil thenkids, and I believe her.\" \"Indon't,\" Jaclyn said flatly. \"I bet she was just saying that tonsuck up to you ... I bet she wants Dad. I wonder what all happenednlast night... and if he told her Mommy is still alive?\" \"JACLYN!\"nLori was horrified. \"Nevernmind that now,\" Jaclyn waved that topic away, not wanting to talknabout it, and feeling slightly ashamed of herself for letting hernsister see her worries. \"Are we going to have our Thanksgivingnsupper today now that Dad is home?\" She didn't want to think ofnher father being with a woman last night... especially when thatnwoman wasn't her mother. \"He looks pretty good for being out allnnight.\" Inwardly she winced. She hadn't wanted to think aboutnthat again! He was OLD! Would he look so good if he had been, well,nmaking out all night, or at least until he was exhausted? She hopednnot, but had to suppress a shudder. Eww. Her father wouldn't donTHAT... would he? Not at his age! Surely he was past all that! Itnwasn't as though he was a teenager, with all those hormones runningnamok. \"Younknow Mom won't be able to come home, don't you?\" Lori asked,nher voice full of compassion. Jaclynndidn't want to think about that either, but it was a fact she wasngoing to have to face. \"I guess I do, now. I didn't want tonadmit it before, but after seeing her... Oh, Lori, I'm sorry Indidn't come home earlier...\" Lorinhugged her sister and shushed her. \"It's okay, Jaclyn, really. nDad didn't want to tell you the whole truth. He wanted you to havenyour chance in New York. He and Mom BOTH did.\" \"Really?\"nJaclyn's throat was tight. She adored her parents and hernsister... \"Really,\"nLori said firmly. Then she smiled faintly. \"But be prepared fornthe third degree about Brick.\" Jaclynngiggled, somewhat hysterically. \"It's BROCK! I TOLD you!\" \"Comenon, baby sis, let's go find out what Dad wants to do about ournThanksgiving supper.\" Ono O o O o Lyingnin bed trying to get an early night after being delivered to her homenby Robert's son-in-law at noon, Catherine found herself re-livingnthe previous night. She had felt a warm glow all over once she andnRobert had established that they were stuck together and might asnwell learn to get along. He really was a paradox of a man, allnbluster outside and yet tender and personable inside. Sternly shentold herself that it had just been one special night, a littlenadventure in the 'snowy wilderness' and that nothing had happenednand nothing would come of it. Still, she remembered the glow... Thumpingnher pillow, she tried to clear her mind, then jumped when the phonenrang. It was Marina. After establishing that she was indeed allnright, and after eating a few spoonfuls of her comfort food from thenpeanut butter jar by her bed while trying to forget the quietnhappiness of sharing that 'Troux Normand' with Robert thenprevious evening, Catherine hung up the phone and tried once more tonsettle down. Then she found herself thinking about Tom and how HEnhad made her glow, and she remembered how they would occasionallynslow dance in the kitchen... They had settled into a cozy routine,ntheir marriage running like a well-oiled machine with Tom taking carenof the domestic details, enabling Catherine to concentrate on herncareer. Catherine had missed that machine dreadfully in the lastnyear... had missed Tom almost unbearably. Why was she realizing thisnnow, when it was much too late? Why had she never said to Tom,nanytime in the last twenty-five years, just how much she had lovednhim for being so good to her? Yet she had told Robert... Wouldnshe go on Sunday to Murray's to meet Robert? Not that she expectednhim to actually come there just for breakfast with her, of course, innspite of what they had agreed. So many pacts were made in times ofnemergency that were completely forgotten once people were back livingntheir normal lives. Still, he MIGHT just happen to be there with hisngrandson. Perhaps just in case, on the very slim offchance that shenDID happen to meet him there, she could do something about thenstyling of her hair to make it softer... Maybe it WAS time to changenher routine somewhat, the routine established at Tom's death, thatnis. Shenwondered if, after MaryBeth's death, Robert, too, would feel thenneed to run away from his routine life. Although she hadn'tnphysically run, Catherine HAD withdrawn from many of her routinesnafter Tom's death, only to find that the pain and emptiness keptnfollowing her whatever she did. As a cardiologist, although hernspecialization was in paediatrics, Catherine knew from Robert's fewnwords, even without ever having met MaryBeth herself, that the womanndid not have long to live. She wasn't sure just how that made hernfeel, except that she was already aching for Robert. She KNEW how henwould feel. Perhaps if he DID happen to come on Sunday to Murray's,nshe would be able to establish a relationship with him so that shenmight be of some comfort and support to him when the day came... ThennCatherine shook her head, disgusted with herself. What made hernthink he needed HER help and support? He had children andngrandchildren, which was more than she herself had had, and he, too,nwould have the support of many good friends. Unlike her situation,nRobert's life would not seem empty and meaningless. He would stillnhave close family, family who even lived in his house now. He wouldnnot be alone... No. Catherine had to just forget all about RobertnWoodward... if it took the rest of her life. Ono O o O o Onnthe Saturday after Thanksgiving, Jaclyn found herself walking backninto Shelby Manor with the others. She lagged behind, worrying aboutnwhat she was going to find today, wondering if she would ever findnher mother again and terrified that it was too late. For a momentnshe almost turned back, but Michael grabbed her hand and tugged herninto the room with him, and she realized he was as nervous as shenwas. Hernmother was sitting in a chair by the window apparently listening to anSarah Vaughn CD that was playing in the portable machine beside her,nand she smiled vaguely when they all walked in. After Robert hadngreeted his wife with a tender kiss, Jaclyn bent over too and kissednher cheek, saying, \"Mom, your soul will live forever because ofnmusic, just like that quote you loved. Remember? ' Feednthe body food and drink, it will survive today. Feed the soul art andnmusic, it will live forever. 'n I've got your poster up in my office in New York.\" Notneven looking at her, MaryBeth mused, \"Momma says we have dogs tonteach us about love and loyalty. When they die, we learn about loss.n We might get a new dog, but it doesn't replace the old one, itnjust expands the heart.\" \"Hi,nMom,\" Lori said, sliding a confused Jaclyn aside gently. \"Inremember you telling me to read that. Erica Jong wrote it, I think. nI was thinking about getting Michael a dog for that very reason.\" \"Hi,nGrandma!\" Michael said brightly, never quite looking at hisngrandmother. \"I really DO want a dog! I think my heart needsnex... ex... what you said.\" Robert,nLori and Jaclyn chuckled, but MaryBeth was already turning away fromnthem, struggling to get up from her chair, and beginning to breathenhard. \"I'm tired. Tell Momma I want to go back to bed.\" \"But,nMom, we just got here!\" Jaclyn said, surprised. \"Toonmany people! Too noisy! Go away! Let me sleep!\" Growingnagitated again, MaryBeth pushed at them, wheezing and beginning tonshout. Inna moment Sarah was there, soothing MaryBeth and helping her into thenbed. Jaclyn, Lori and Michael stepped back to the door, but Robertnstayed close although he said nothing. Seeing the anguish on hernfather's face as he gazed at her mother, a lump formed in Jaclyn'snthroat. They had loved each other so much, and their love had beennquite obvious to everyone around them. Now that her mother hadnforgotten them, it was hard on them all, but it had to be hardest ofnall on her father. \"Inhurt...\" MaryBeth was whimpering. \"Here...\" and she clutchednher chest. \"I'llncall the doctor,\" Sarah said, and glanced at the family membersnstanding helplessly by. \"Do you want to stay?\" Jaclynnwanted to cry out that no, she wanted to leave right away and fleenback to New York, but she held her tongue. Lori hesitated, lookingnat her frightened son, then said, \"I think I should take Michaelnhome again, Dad. What do you want to do, Jac?\" \"I'lln...\" The word 'stay' stuck in Jaclyn's throat. She couldn'tnquite get it out. Rathernheavily, Robert said, \"We'll all go. We can always come backntomorrow. She might have a better day tomorrow.\" Relievednand ashamed of herself for feeling that way, Jaclyn followed thenothers out. That night, however, she tentatively approached hernfather in his room and asked if it would be all right if she stayednlonger, perhaps until Christmas. She needed to get re-acquaintednwith her mother if at all possible. Having already spoken to hernboss in New York, as well as Brock, she had been cleared to spend thennext month at home. Her father's obvious delight in her decisionncomforted her somewhat, and she forced down the niggling questionsnshe still had about Thanksgiving night. After all, it really was notnher business. Her father was a grown man. Still... he was hernfather, and another woman should NOT be entering the picture! Lorincame in at that point, and Jaclyn told her that there would be onenmore in the house for a month, so no longer would Lori have to do allnthe work. \"That'llnbe good,\" Lori said ruefully, rubbing her back. \"This pregnancynis harder to bear than with Michael. You can start with breakfastntomorrow so I can sleep in.\" \"Oh,nthat reminds me,\" Robert spoke up, not looking directly at eithernone. \"I'm planning to go to Murray's tomorrow for breakfast,nso no need to make any for me.\" \"Great!\"n Jaclyn grinned. \"Arenyou going to take Michael, too?\" Lori asked. \"He was asking thenother day for some chocolate chip pancakes.\" \"Maybenwe can ALL go?\" suggested Jaclyn. \"I haven't had Murray'snpancakes forever!\" \"TomorrownI'm going alone,\" Robert said quickly. \"We'll all go anotherntime.\" Then, before either of his surprised daughters could say anword, he cleared his throat and pushed them out the door. \"It'sngetting late, and we all need our beauty sleep!\" The minute theynwere clear of the door, it was shut in their faces. Jaclynnstared at Lori who looked as bewildered as she felt. Then she rollednher eyes and chuckled. \"Fathers!\" Companionablynthe two walked down the hallway. Jaclyn wanted to ask more aboutnwhat Lori had seen or sensed on the Friday morning when Robert andnthe doctor had been discovered, but wasn't sure how to approach it,nand was quite certain she didn't want to hear about anything...nunfitting for a man who was married. ThennLori said suddenly, \"Do you think he... no, never mind.\" \"Wouldnhe have arranged to meet that wo...?\" Jaclyn broke off. Then shentightened her lips. \"I guess we're both wondering the samenthing.\" \"Andnwe're probably both just jumping to conclusions,\" Lori saidnflatly. \"I don't want to think about it. I have enough problemsnof my own.\" \"Fine.\"nJaclyn agreed, knowing her sister wouldn't say anything more. n\"Good night, Lori.\" \"Night.\" Ono O o O o Thennext morning, having been very aware of her father fussing over hisnpreparations for breakfast at Murray's, Jaclyn watched his vehiclenback out the driveway after he had assured Michael that he would benwelcome the next time, but that today was just for 'old' people. nShe wasn't aware that she was frowning until Michael asked her whynshe was so cross at Grandpa and whether SHE really, really wantednchocolate chip pancakes too. \"Superherosndeserve special pancakes sometimes, too,\" Jaclyn said, afternassuring the little boy that she wasn't cross at anyone. \"Sonlet's make our own, okay?\" \"COOL!\"nMichael cried happily. Innthe midst of the preparations, however, the telephone rang, andnJaclyn's world was turned upside down once more. Soon the twonyoung women and the little boy were on their way to the hospital,nJaclyn phoning her father to meet them there as soon as he could getnthere. All the hurry was of no use. None of them made it beforenMaryBeth Woodward passed away. Thennext four days passed in a blur as funeral preparations occupiednJaclyn's thoughts. Late at night after the funeral, Jaclyn held ansobbing Lori in her arms and listened to her sister's broken wordsnabout the truth of her estrangement from her husband, and the youngernwoman's distaste for 'cheating' in marriage grew. Over thennext couple of weeks, although she tried to suppress her pondering,nJaclyn couldn't help but wonder again about her father'sninvolvement with the doctor. HAD they just met that night? Thennurse at the hospice had seemed to know the doctor well, so whatnwould have stopped her father from getting to know the other woman asnwell? And she DID live close, since Lori had pointed out the stonenhouse by the river where the doctor had been dropped off that morningnafter Thanksgiving. There was every chance that her father and thendoctor had met long ago, and had kept their meetings secret! Alwaysnhaving been a family ready to talk openly about all aspects of theirnlives, Jaclyn found she had missed having intimate conversations withnher father. Ever since her mother had gotten sick, it seemed thatnlines of communication shut down and they all tended to keep theirnthoughts and worries to themselves. Now Jaclyn was determined to gonback to the way they used to be. So one night when Lori was upstairsnputting Michael to bed, Jaclyn curled up next to Robert on the couchnwhere he was reading. \"Daddy? Do you miss Mom?\" \"Verynmuch,\" Robert said, his voice sounding as though he was forcing thenwords through a tight throat. He put his book down and cuddlednJaclyn the way he had since she had been tiny. \"I've beennmissing her for a very long time now, because the MaryBeth I knew andnfirst loved has not been around for a few years.\" \"Butnyou wouldn't think about marrying again, would you?\" Jaclyn askedndaringly. Thensudden jerk she felt as Robert absorbed her comment gave her thenanswer she had hoped not to receive, and she didn't really need hisnslow, \"I don't know, Jaclyn. I loved your mother and alwaysnwill, but there might come a time when I miss being married to thenwoman I love, and I might... fall in love again. It won't mean Inlove your mother any less... I'll always love her. I'll justnhave someone new to love. After all, when you were born, we didn'tnstop loving Lori. Love grows forever, and can always expand toninclude more and more people. Damn it, you KNOW that, if you thinknabout it logically, Jaclyn!\" \"But,nDad, you're... well, you're a little old to fall in love again,ndon't you think?\" Henraised his eyebrows. \"Hardly. I'm not ready to sit droolingninto my bib in a wheelchair quite yet. In fact...\" he picked upnhis book again and opened it to a marked page. \"I was just readingnwhat your mother said the last time we saw her. Remember? SomethingnErica Jong wrote. I looked it up this evening. Here it is. 'Dogsncome into our lives to teach us about love and loyalty. They departnto teach us about loss. We try to replace them but never quitensucceed. A new dog never replaces an old dog; it merely expands thenheart.' Your mother's death is the same...\" Mock-indignantly,nJaclyn asked, \"Are you calling Mom a dog?\" Robertnchuckled. \"You have the same sense of humour your mother did. NO,nI'm merely trying to explain about love, and how it keeps growingnto include more people in an expanding heart.\" \"Havenyou talked to Lori? Somehow I don't think she'd buy thatnexpanding heart thing when it comes to her and Jeff.\" \"They'renjust going through a rough patch. They'll get through it, andntheir marriage will be stronger than ever.\" Jaclynntwisted around and looked him straight in the eye while askingnincredulously, \"You think so? I wouldn't have thought you'd benon Jeff's side in this.\" \"What?n He made a mistake!\" \"Sleepingnwith another woman was a MISTAKE? DAD!\" \"HenWHAT?\" Robert almost roared. \"He never told me THAT!\" \"Inthink you'd better talk to Lori, Dad. According to what she toldnme, Jeff told Lori that as a man, he has needs and desires and whennshe wouldn't or couldn't fulfill them, because of her pregnancy,nhe looked elsewhere! YOU didn't do that to Mom, did you?\" \"No,nand I never would,\" Robert looked grim, then with an effort pullednhis mind away from his son-in-law and looked at his daughter again. n\"But my case is different... now that your mother is gone.\" Jaclynnlooked blank. \"You're saying... what are you saying? That younmight fall in love? Really?\" \"Anything'snpossible, even for this old man. You know, they say sex is importantnto keep prostate cancer at bay. And really, even at my age, I DOnstill have needs and desires... and with all the erotic movies andnmagazines around, not to mention pretty women, well, let's just saynit's not good for a man my age to keep being aroused and thenndisappointed.\" \"Eww,nDAD! That's too much information!\" Jaclyn pulled a face and satnup, then bit her lip as she wondered how to word her next question. n'Umm, Dad?\" she asked tentatively, \"have you seen the doctornlately?\" \"Thendoctor? Yeah, I had an appointment last week with him. Why? I keepntelling you all I'm fine!\" \"No,nnot HIM... not seeing medically... I meant... HER. You know, the onenyou... you s-spent Thanksgiving with.\" Jaclyn was vexed to findnherself stammering. \"Oh.\"n Unaccountably, the colour in his face deepened. \"Catherine. No,nI haven't seen her since that night. We were going to meet atnMurray's the next Sunday morning...\" \"Younhad a date while Mom was DYING?\" Jaclyn was horrified. \"Indidn't know she was dying... and it wasn't really a date! We hadnjust agreed to meet if we both survived the night. To be honest, Inwas afraid I was going to kill her at one point early on because shenmade me so angry.\" Laughternbubbled up in Jaclyn's chest, and the lump of doubt and annoyancenbegan to ease. Only her dad would be marooned with a supposedlynattractive woman and actually think about killing her rather thannkissing her! Daringly she asked, \"Did you ever phone her after Momndied?\" \"Nope.n Why?\" Now Robert was peering at her suspiciously. \"Why thenthird degree all of a sudden? Something going on with you and thatnBrick? He's not cheating on my baby girl, is he?\" Jaclynnshook her head, smiling. \"No, and his name is BROCK, Dad... andnwe're just friends.\" \"Mmmmhmmm,\"nRobert didn't sound convinced. \"Anyway,nif, well, if you WERE ever to, well, fall in love again,\" Jaclynnhad to force the words out, \"would you get married or just...\" nHer voice trailed off. She didn't really want an answer, shenrealized. She just wanted reassurance that her father was NOTnseriously considering loving another woman! \"Hellnno, why get married? We'd just fool around, maybe live in sin likenyou youngsters...\" Robert grumbled, then glared at his daughter. n\"Of course I'd get married! IF I were to fall in love again.\" \"Andnif the woman loved YOU enough to marry you,\" Jaclyn teased him,nsuddenly feeling that she really was barking up the wrong tree. nObviously he hadn't thought that far ahead... and she ferventlynhoped he never WOULD! Robert,nhowever, thought back to that Thanksgiving night in the cabin. Thatnnight had been the first time in the three long, lonely years sincenMaryBeth had been diagnosed with Alzheimer's Disease that Robertnhad felt a connection down to his toes and an urge to get close to anwoman who was not his wife, and a woman completely different from hisnwife. Still, it was probably too soon to contact Catherine, much toonsoon. Damn. Ono O o O o Itnwasn't until after the excitement of baby MaryBeth's birth onnChristmas Eve that Jaclyn's inner fears saw the light of day again.n Her father had actually CALLED Dr. Howard! He had remembered hernname and had specifically ASKED for her! Not that Jaclyn wasn'tngrateful, of course. Being that the baby was early, she needed allnthe extra help she could get, but still... Jaclyn smothered hernthoughts. Christmas morning, her father had suggested taking a smallntree and some presents in to the hospital for Lori, to take Christmasnto her. Jaclyn wished she could ask Lori's opinion, but Jeff andnMichael, not to mention Dad himself, stayed close as they waited fornthe baby to be brought. Whennthe woman finally wheeled the infant bed into the room, Jaclyn almostnmissed the joyful look that lit her father's face. She knew he hadnbeen pleased that the tiny girl had been born safely, but... then,nwhen Dr. Howard was introduced, Jaclyn realized the look had been fornthe doctor and not for little MaryBeth. Something roiled inside her,nbut she tried to smile and act as if all was well. She admitted withna grin that Lori had been right, the doctor WAS the Hershey lady! nWhen her father and the doctor left the room 'for a moment',nJaclyn even found the strength to giggle with her sister andnbrother-in-law. Michaelnwanted to know why they were laughing, and the adults all quicklynsobered up and said, \"Nothing.\" Then Michael said he needed tongo to the bathroom, and Jaclyn said she'd take him down the hall. Onntheir way, she overheard the nurses at the nursing station saying,n\"Did you see Dr. Howard? She hasn't looked so gorgeous since hernhusband died last year!\" \"Betnshe's got a new guy – maybe that one that just went out with her.n Did you see how his eyes glowed when he was looking at her?\" Onennurse whistled softly and they all laughed. Jaclyn'snheart twisted again. Mom, she thought despairingly, itnshould be YOU who causes his eyes to light up the way they used to! She pointed Michael in the right direction and went to the window tonwait for him. Looking out over the parking lot, her breath caughtnwhen she saw her father and the doctor standing outside by thenSuburban. Her father handed the woman a box... then pulled a whitenscarf from inside his coat. Jaclyn frowned. What on earth? Theynwere standing so close together... if her father kissed the woman orngrabbed her butt, Jaclyn would faint! Then she stared as the two gotnin the vehicle and it pulled away. Where were they going? What wasngoing on? WhennMichael was finished, they hurried back to Lori's room, and Jaclynnannounced what she had seen. \"Did Dad tell you he was goingnsomewhere?\" \"No.\"nLori answered, as perplexed as her younger sister. \"Grandpanwas hoping to take the doctor to see the cabin he bought,\" Michaelnsaid casually, playing gently with his baby sister's bare toes. n\"Before the fire died down that he built there on his way here.\" \"What?\"nboth women exclaimed. \"Yeah,nhe told me that, too,\" Jeff agreed. \"That's why he wanted tonget to the hospital early, before she came in and left again for thenday.\" \"Andnwhy didn't you inform us?\" Jaclyn asked, almost sharply. Jeffnshrugged. \"I didn't think it mattered.\" He stifled a yawn. n\"God, that was a long night.\" Thenwomen ignored him. Jaclyn said intensely to Lori, \"Mom has onlynbeen gone for a MONTH! How COULD he?\" Lorinlooked sympathetic and as if she agreed, but said softly, \"Really,nMom hasn't been a wife for a couple of years now. You just haven'tnbeen home long enough to know that.\" \"Ohnfine, blame ME for everything going wrong! Just because I have a jobnand managed to get away from this town...\" Jaclyn flared up. Thenbaby began to fuss, and Michael looked at his aunt and his motherncuriously. \"Why are you two so mad? What's wrong?\" \"Oh...nnothing...\" muttered Jaclyn. \"Sorry, Lori.\" Pattingnthe baby's back and soothing her, Lori smiled. \"I'm sorry,ntoo, Jaclyn. I... well, I sort of feel the way you do about Dad,nbut...\" \"WhatnARE you both talking about?\" Jeff stared at them both. \"Nothing.\"nthey replied in unison, and grinned. Afternabout twenty minutes, when Michael had claimed it was HIS turn tonhold his baby sister, Jaclyn said in an undertone, \"I wonder wherenDad is? He said he'd be back soon...\" \"Withna gorgeous broad like the doc at his side, he's not likely to benback in the near future, in MY humble opinion,\" Jeff grinned. \"Indidn't ask you!\" Jaclyn returned sharply. She didn't want tonthink of the implications of what Jeff was saying, even though shenwas convinced he was right. Justnthen, a nurse came in with a big smile. \"Sorry,\" she said tonLori, \"but your hopes of getting out of cooking Christmas dinnernhave just been dashed. You're being kicked out. Your little girlnis just at the required five pounds to leave the hospital and we neednher incubator for another baby.\" \"IsnDr. Howard coming back?\" Jaclyn asked as Lori pretended to grumblenabout having to go home and cook a turkey after all. \"Ohnno,\" the nurse said. \"I believe she's off duty until the daynafter tomorrow. Why?\" \"Nonreason...\" Jaclyn said. \"Umm, Lori, I'll just give Dad a callnand ask him to come and pick us up -- we won't all fit in yournvehicle with the tree and these presents.\" Without waiting for annanswer, she pulled out her cell phone and punched in the number. nWhen there was no answer, she sighed. \"He's not home. What'snhis cell number?\" Lorinlooked blank. Then Michael grinned. \"I know what it is! Grandpanmade me mem'rize it! I know the house number, too.\" \"Smartnboy! Good thing we kept you in the family instead of giving younaway!\" Jaclyn grinned. \"What is it?\" Ono O o O o To be continued[Chapter 2] \"MerrynChristmas, Millie.\" \"MerrynChristmas... Howard.\" Robertntook Catherine firmly in his arms and she waited for his kiss, anlittle furrow in her brow at the faint uneasiness she was feelingnwith the whole situation. It was too soon for her, even if Tom HADnbeen gone for over a year... and it was definitely too soon for him! nBut oh, how she had dreamt about this moment! Then his lips touchednhers, and his kiss was everything she had hoped for... everynforbidden fantasy fulfilled. Her eyes drifted closed. He deepenednthe contact, she responded fervently, and in a moment they were bothnlost. Finallynthey took a breath, arms still tightly around each other, holdingneach other closely, eyes closed in wonder that the other truly didnhave the same feelings. There was the added factor that neither wasnsure of actually being able to stand alone, since the kissage hadnbeen spectacular, knee-buckling and mind-blowing. \"Robertn... are we really doing the 'swept-away' thing... at our age?\"nCatherine questioned him at last, her breathing still quick and hernheart still pounding. \"Indon't know what you're doing, but I'm living out an ancientnfantasy that I'm only seventeen!\" He buried his face in her necknand sucked hard on her skin, then licked the spot to soothe it again. Catherinenhad to chuckle even as her body reacted to his delicious teasing. nShe knew what she wanted, knew what she felt... and she knew exactlynhow much trouble two adults could get into if they really worked atnit. It seemed that Robert was more than willing to work at it andnshe really couldn't muster up any logical objection even if she hadnbeen so inclined. Inwardly,nRobert conceded that he wasn't completely sure he was up for hoursnof lovemaking in spite of that being what was primarily on his mind. nHe hadn't tested the capacity of his virility in a long, long timenand he had heard that men his age found long, constant ornrapidly-repeated love-making sessions somewhat tricky, but he hopednthat he and Catherine could prove them wrong. Today. Tonight. nTomorrow. All next week. For the rest of their lives. He kissednher deeply again. She was a dream he had never hoped to find again. nShe turned him inside out in ways he hadn't thought to experiencenagain. Catherinennestled into his arms and returned his embraces passionately, butnsuddenly the strength and intensity of her feelings for Robert, thenhelpless happiness, the vulnerability, the unknown future andnunanswered questions all started to smother her. The awareness ofnwhere this fledgling relationship could lead and the traps they couldnboth fall into along the way almost overwhelmed her. She stiffenednalmost automatically, and Robert groaned a denial and deepened hisnembrace. Unable to resist him, Catherine responded wholeheartedlynonce more. WhennRobert's cell phone began to ring persistently, they pushed awaynfrom each other, breathless and dishevelled. The phone stopped for anmoment, then started up again. \"Damn,\" he panted, fumbling fornthe phone. \"I'm... I'm sorry, C-Catherine.\" He flipped opennthe phone and barked, \"W-What?\", his voice catching. \"Dad?n Is that you?\" Robertnvisibly controlled himself, but his eyes met Catherine's. \"Yeah,\"nhe said. \"Sorry, Jaclyn. I was... a little...\" His voicentrailed off. Catherinensmiled teasingly and stepped a little closer. \"Busy?\" shenwhispered, supplying him with a missing word. Stiflingna groan, Robert closed his eyes, and the hand not clutching the cellnphone slid gently down her cheek and over her kiss-swollen lips. Shensucked one of his fingers into her mouth suggestively and Robertnbegan to tremble with the force of his desire for this beautifulnwoman. \"Dad?\" Hisndaughter's voice brought him back to the present. \"Yeah?\" henmanaged to say. \"Sorrynif I caught you at a bad time...\" Jaclyn's voice revealed thatnshe wasn't sorry at all. In fact, she sounded strained herself. n\"Ah, it's just that, well, they've decided to throw Lori andnthe baby out of the hospital tonight, and Jeff only has his sportsncar here at the hospital. Can you come and take Michael and I homen... and the tree and presents?\" \"NOW?\"nRobert couldn't prevent his dismay from surfacing. \"Damn... Inmean, yeah, sure, Jaclyn. I'll be... oh. Wait. I can't gonanywhere. I'm, ah, in the ditch again, same place asnThanksgiving.\" Ono O o O o Whennher father finally answered the phone, sounding out of breath, Jaclynnwondered where he was and what he was doing, then blocked thenunwanted images that began to present themselves to her mind's eye.n When he heard that Lori was being released, he confessed he had putnthe Suburban in the ditch, then asked, \"Any chance you can sendnJeff for us? He'll know where it is. We're in the cabin.\" nJaclyn's last hope that her father hadn't taken leave of hisnsenses was banished. Especially when he added, \"No rush, ofncourse. We're warm enough, since the power is on and the fireplacenhas a roaring fire in it!\" Jaclynngot off the phone and stonily related the message about being in thenditch. Jeff rolled his eyes. \"Last time it was HER, this timenHIM. What is it about old people? Maybe they should get their eyesnchecked! Kinda makes you wonder just what they're DOING in thenvehicles, doesn't it?\" \"Jeff,nplease!\" Jaclyn pressed her hands to her temples where a massivenheadache was starting to pound. \"Ewww,\"nLori agreed. \"We really didn't need THAT visual! Okay, we cannall fit in your car to get home. We'll just leave this tree herenfor the other new mother! Then you can take the Jeep to get Dad andnthe doctor.\" \"Isnthe doctor coming home with Grandpa?\" Michael asked curiously. n\"Does baby MaryBeth need her?\" \"No,nit's your Grandpa who thinks he does,\" grinned Jeff. \"Seemsnlike he's thinking with the wrong head.\" \"Grandpanonly HAS one head!\" Michael frowned, puzzled. \"JEFF!\"nboth women exclaimed, and he raised his hands in laughing surrender,nnot seeing their tension. Jaclynnchafed at the time it took Lori to get dressed and get the baby readynto go, not to mention gathering the presents, then thanking all thennurses and passing on the small decorated tree along with a box ofnchocolates. Every moment they wasted here at the hospital thenndriving home was a moment more that her father could be... shenshuddered inwardly, praying her imagination was just beingnoverworked. Dad and the doctor were both too old for that sort ofnthing, weren't they? Oncenthey were finally back at her father's house, Jaclyn helped Lorinand the baby get settled for a nap before she sent Jeff and Michaelnoff to the cabin and started to organize for the dinner. She had putnthe turkey in early that morning, so just had to get out potatoes,ncarrots, and turnip and peel them, leaving them to sit in cold waternuntil the time came to cook them. She made sure the jar of cranberrynjelly was at the front of the fridge so she wouldn't forget to putnit out. This was the first Christmas she had been 'in charge' ofnmaking the meal, and she didn't want to make any mistakes. Herneyes blurred as she set out her mother's fine china, and she longednfiercely to be wrapped in her mother's loving embrace once more. nThinking it would be easier to remove a place setting later rathernthan add one, she even set a place for the doctor, all the whilenhoping the woman would just ask to be dropped off at her house thenway she had at Thanksgiving. Twonhours passed before Jeff's jeep turned in the driveway and Jaclyn'snwatchful eyes saw her father jump out of the back seat and hurrynaround to open the other back door to help the doctor out. So shenHAD come back with them. Well, Jaclyn could prove her goodnupbringing and be polite if it killed her! Asnit turned out, although she really didn't want to have anything tondo with Dr Howard, Jaclyn found herself liking the older woman morenand more as the day went on. Catherine was very good with Michaelnand paid equal amounts of attention to all the adults. WhennCatherine asked to see some of Jaclyn's work that had been storednin the basement, Lori said she would finish up the last minute thingsnin the kitchen. Jaclyn led the way downstairs, Catherine and Robertnfollowing her. GrudginglynJaclyn admitted to herself that the woman understood artisticnnatures. Catherine exclaimed over the paintings, saying just thenright things about each one. When Catherine said softly, \"Yournfather told me at Thanksgiving that your mother had one of mynfavourite quotes on a plaque. I think you must have inherited a lotnof your mother's soul.\", Jaclyn was touched, although she refusednto admit it even to herself. \"Whatnquote?\" Jaclyn asked curiously, wondering if Dr. Howard reallynmeant what she was saying, or if it was just a way to get on her goodnside. \"'Feednthe body food and drink, it will survive today. Feed the soul art andnmusic, and it will live forever.'\" Catherine said softly. Jaclyn'sneyes prickled with unshed tears. She loved that quote, and alwaysnhad. To think that it had meaning for Dr. Howard, too! If only thenwoman would stay away from her father, Jaclyn mused. Then Michaelncame clattering down the stairs, and the emotional mood wasnshattered. Breathless,nMichael came to a halt by Robert. \"Grandpa, what is sex?\" henasked unexpectedly. Thenadults all stared at him in shock. When no one else spoke, Catherinenbegan, \"Michael, I don't think your mother...\" but Robertninterrupted her. \"Ifnhe's old enough to ask the question, he's old enough to hear thenanswer from the person he asked.\" Robert sat down and took Michaelnon his knee, ignoring Catherine's somewhat disapproving look, andnJaclyn's blush of discomfort. Steeling himself to leave nothingnout, Robert proceeded to describe for Michael in simplified terms allnthe variations of human sexuality he could conjure, careful tonimpress upon his grandson the joys and responsibilities ofnintercourse and procreation. Michael's eyes grew larger and larger.n Then Robert concluded, \"So that's what sex is, Michael. Do younunderstand?\" \"Inguess so...\" Michael said slowly, confusion still warring withndisbelief on his small face. He slid off Robert's knee and added,n\"Mom said to tell you that dinner would be ready in a couple ofnsecs.\" Nownit was Robert's turn to look shocked. After a moment, Catherinenand Jaclyn both burst into peals of laughter. That time of laughternbrought Catherine and Jaclyn even closer together. Jaclyn found itnvery difficult indeed to stay aloof from someone who shared her joynin art and had the same sense of humour. As they started up thenstairs after Michael, Jaclyn sneezed. \"Blessnyou! Nine to go!\" Robert said cheerfully. \"WHAT?\"n Jaclyn turned to stare at him and noticed that Dr. Howard wasnlooking puzzled as well. \"What?\"nhe asked, somewhat irritably, frowning at them both. \"I've heardnthat ten sneezes equal the force of an orgasm, so you have nine tongo!\" \"Wherenon earth did you hear such a ridiculous statement?\" Jaclyn asked,nrolling her eyes. Honestly, FATHERS! They shouldn't be talkingnabout such things in front of... well, Dr. Howard wasn't exactly anstranger, unfortunately, but pretty close to it! She wasn'tnfamily... yet, anyway. Jaclyn's mood suddenly plummeted. \"Well,ntechnically the fact I heard was that one sneeze is equal to thenforce of one tenth of an orgasm, but hey, it's just a matter ofnsimple mathematics.\" Robert said. \"Andnphysiology,\" added Catherine dryly, but her smile grew broader. \"Yountell him,\" murmured Jaclyn, shaking her head. This was fastnproving the strangest Christmas she had ever spent! Overna merry Christmas dinner, Catherine endeared herself to all thenmembers of Robert's family by insisting that they call hernCatherine and not Dr. Howard. She frankly admitted her hopelessnessnin the kitchen, and praised Jaclyn and Lori's delicious offerings. nShe commented succinctly and perspicaciously on Jeff's strugglesnwith certain divorce proceedings, then made her views clear on mennwho cheat on their wives before acknowledging that the men mightnbelieve there were extenuating circumstances. Jeff, abashed, keptnhis head down and seemed relieved when the subject was changed. Michaelnhung on every word Catherine said, and was thrilled to be invited tonMurray's for a breakfast of chocolate chip pancakes the next dayn\"if your Grandpa will bring you,\" Catherine added, slanting anteasing glance at Robert. \"Yournwish is my command,\" Robert said grandly. Michael giggled. Bynthe time Robert left in Jeff's car to take Catherine back to thenhospital for her vehicle, Jaclyn was almost reconciled to the factnthat her father was infatuated with the doctor. That didn't stopnher from watching rather wistfully out the window as the car left thendriveway. Lorinpaused on her way upstairs with the sleeping MaryBeth and asked,n\"What is it?\" \"Nothing,nreally,\" Jaclyn sighed. \"I just... miss Mom, I guess.\" FollowingnJaclyn's gaze out the window to the car disappearing down thenstreet, Lori nodded. \"I am finding it hard to accept that Dad isninterested in another woman, too. I almost wish I could hate her,nbut...\" \"Inknow. I kept looking for flaws all night... Catherine seems to benpractically perfect in every way!\" \"Exceptnthat she's not Mom.\" Lori said softly. \"Yeah.\"n After a short pause, Jaclyn added gloomily, \"And Dad likesnCatherine... REALLY likes her, you know? And it gives me the shiversnto think of him, well, getting it on with her...\" Lorinwinced. \"I know. We shouldn't be like that, but... Dad? Actingnlike a lovesick teenager?\" Togethernthe sisters chimed, \"EWWWWW!\" then laughed. Ono O o O o Whennthey reached the hospital parking lot, Catherine directed Robert tonher vehicle. He had been looking for her red Jaguar, and now lookednat her approvingly when she indicated the SUV. \"I'm impressed!\" \"Well,nit's practical ... and someone once told me I had to live in thenreal world where people don't drive Jaguars in the snow.\" Robertnchuckled. Catherine put her hand on the door handle, then turned tonlook at him in the dim light from the street lights. \"Thank you,nRobert, for a wonderful Christmas.\" \"ThanknYOU... Robin...\" BeforenCatherine could exclaim in wonder that he remembered the name of thenfictional cabin owner SHE had made up at Thanksgiving, he had pullednher over to his side... or squirmed over to hers... she wasn't surenwhich, and nor did she care when his lips were on hers. For long,nendless moments they kissed, their passion rising fast and furiously.n At last Robert broke away and panted, \"DAMN. I'm too old to bentrying to make out in a car! Catherine...\" \"Inknow, Robert...\" Catherine was having difficulty controlling hernown breathing. \"I know.\" \"Michaelnand I will be by to pick you up about 9 for breakfast, if that'snall right.\" \"That'snfine.\" \"AndnCatherine... have supper with me tomorrow night?\" Catherinenhesitated, then said, \"What will your family think of that? Twonnights in a row... that's moving awfully fast, don't you think?\" \"I'llndeal with it. I just... want to be with you. Not in a car... andnnot somewhere where we can be interrupted.\" Knowingnexactly what he meant, Catherine flushed lightly, then whispered,n\"I'd like that, too.\" Ono O o O o To be continued Jaclynntried not to think of what her father and Catherine Howard were doingnon the nights they spent alone either at Catherine's house by thenlake or at her father's new 'holiday home' cabin. It wasnobvious before New Year's Eve that the two were extremely close. nWhen Brock phoned to ask her to come back to New York City for thenparty on the 31st,nand to stay, Jaclyn first spoke to Lori, then to her father, thenncalled Brock back and accepted. Maybe it would be easier on her tonget away from the whole situation between the doctor and her fathernfor a while! Oncenback in New York City, Jaclyn found that it was MUCH easier to ignorenthe dilemma of what she termed her father's 'reversion tonadolescence'. In fact, after she and Brock decided to get marriednin the summer, Jaclyn's thoughts were divided between work andnwedding details, with only occasional moments of worry about hernfather's love life. Jaclyn HAD to tell her father to be sure toninvite Catherine to the wedding, of course, although she felt like anhypocrite saying, \"Of COURSE she's welcome, Daddy!\" Overnthe following months, Lori would mention over the phone thatnCatherine had been over for dinner or that her father had taken thendoctor out for supper. On a couple of occasions, the two had gonenaway for a weekend together. Jaclyn shuddered at the intimacy suchnactions implied, but agreed with Lori that there was nothing for itnbut to accept their father's desire for Catherine'sncompanionship. \"Donyou really think they LOVE each other?\" Jaclyn asked Lori onennight. \"I mean, the way Brock and I...?\" \"Indon't want to think about it,\" Lori said promptly, then sighed. n\"But yeah, I think they do.\" \"Inalways thought that once you were old, you didn't feel the need ofnphysical love. Maybe they're just friends ... doing thingsntogether so they don't have to be alone?\" \"Dad?n With an attractive woman like Catherine? You really think theyndon't... you know... kiss and stuff?\" Lori scoffed. \"KissnI can maybe accept,\" Jaclyn grumbled. \"It's the 'and stuff'nthat bothers me.\" Lorinlaughed, and Jaclyn reluctantly joined in, realizing she was behavingnlike a spoiled child. The sisters then got in to a big discussionnregarding Jeff and his rather amazing switch to becoming a modelnhusband and father. Jaclyn admitted that for a while she had thoughtnLori had taken leave of her senses when she just accepted him backn'no questions asked' on Christmas Eve. \"Oh,nthere were questions... later... believe me. And he's on a verynshort leash right now,\" Lori said pointedly. \"He knows he has tonremain on his best behaviour, or there will be hell to pay. First Intold him... then Dad talked to him... and I have the feeling Dadnactually HIT him during that 'talk'!\" \"Dad?\" \"Yeah.n I guess I have you to thank for that – you were the one to tellnDaddy the truth about our problems last fall. From what Inunderstand, Dad put the fear of God into Jeff. I don't think he'llnstray again. And Heather has gone. She moved to Los Angeles, so InREALLY don't have to beware of her anymore.\" \"Wow!n Dad really did that? Cool.\" \"Ofncourse, Catherine's comments now and then helped too... she told usnthat her marriage wasn't idyllic in the beginning either, but theynworked together and things improved. So Jeff and I are really tryingnnow, both for the sake of the children but also for our OWN sake!\" EvennJaclyn was a little sorry when her father informed her the day of hernwedding that Catherine had been called in to the hospital for annemergency, and didn't think she'd make it to either wedding ORnreception. Catherine had been so helpful in the week preceding thenceremony, and at the rehearsal had remarked wistfully that this wasnas close as she ever expected to get to helping with a daughter'snwedding. Then she had added softly, \"And Jaclyn, I know you arenmissing your mother very, very much at this time, and it's only tonbe expected. My mother was gone by the time I was married, too...nand there is really no replacement for her, is there?\" Catherinenhad also refused to sit with Robert for the ceremony, overcoming hisnloud and strenuous objections, saying she had no real part with thenfamily, although she had agreed to sit with him at the family tablenfor the reception. Jaclyn was so happy about her marriage and sonfull of love and forgiveness that she was actually delighted when thendoctor appeared late that night, looking weary but beautiful, andnwished the young couple a very happy life. Certainly Robert's eyesnlit up when he saw Catherine, and that night Jaclyn didn't begrudgenthe older woman a thing. Onennight in mid-November, Jaclyn phoned home and Robert asked hernwhether or not she and Brock were coming home for Thanksgiving,nbecause he and Catherine had some news for them all. Jaclyn hadnalready told him in October that they may not make it home becausenwork was building up, but had said she'd call closer to the time. nNow she said, \"Please just tell me you didn't get her pregnant.\" \"JACLYN!\"nRobert growled. \"Damn it, what happened to the manners we taughtnyou?\" \"Sorry,nDad,\" Jaclyn said unrepentantly, still feeling uncomfortable at thenthought of her father having an active love life... and suspectingnshe knew exactly what news he and Catherine had to share. \"Brocknand I will be home Thursday night, if that's all right?\" \"Fine.n Good. See you then, darling.\" \"Bye,nDad.\" Ono O o O o \"Well,nshe's coming and Brock's coming with her,\" Robert said,ndropping the cordless phone onto the table by his side and smilingncrookedly at Catherine who was snuggled against him in the big bednthey had bought for one of the new bedrooms at the cabin. \"And shendoesn't want to be told that you're pregnant.\" Catherinenlaughed. \"I wonder how she guessed my secret when I haven't evenntold YOU?\" she teased him. Then she added, \"MaryBeth is my onenspecial child, I think, although we HAVE had fun, haven't we, overnthe months? I think I'm glad I'm too old to get pregnant. I hadnonce thought YOU were too old to be so virile!\" \"I'llnhave you know I'm not old... not when I'm with you, anyway. Donyou think Jaclyn knows what we want to tell her? Or Lori?\" \"Inthink both of your daughters are extremely bright woman... and I'mnsure they know. I just hope they will accept me as a more... publicnpart of your life.\" \"Howncan they not? You're a very impressive doctor... you'renbeautiful, sexy...\" \"SomehownI don't think those qualifications of yours will enhance mynsuitability as a possible wife for their father,\" Catherine saidnseriously, stopping his hand as he tickled her lightly. \"Itnhas been almost a year since MaryBeth's death,\" Robert said,nevading her fingers and letting his hand drift down her body. Henloved the feel of her smooth, soft skin... loved HER. \"I remindednthem that their mother and I got them another puppy when theirs wasnkilled, and that they loved it just as much...\" \"I'mnnot a puppy, Robert,\" Catherine said, just a little sharply. \"Itnwas just a metaphor.\" Catherinenrolled her eyes, then said, \"I don't expect them to love me justnas much as they loved their mother, or in the same way. I just wantnthem to see that I don't plan to take YOUR love away from them asnwell. I want them to accept me as a permanent, important part ofnyour life... and perforce theirs.\" \"Mmmhmmm,\"nRobert nuzzled her neck, his lips moving up her chin then coveringnher mouth. \"I love you, Catherine. I am sure they will acceptnyou. What's not to accept? God, you're killing me,nCatherine...\" \"Thatnwasn't exactly the idea,\" she murmured, returning his kisses. n\"You DID say you weren't old, didn't you? Mmmm, that'snnice...\" Their passion flared again, and she trembled as henstarted streaks of lightning flashing through her veins, heating hernto boiling point in moments. She loved the slight roughness of hisnwork-hardened hands and the way they could move with such intuition. nHe seemed to know without asking exactly where she loved to bentouched. \"Oh, Robert, I DO love you!\" Innno time, they were lost in their own world. Ono O o O o Seeingnher father's besotted expression as he was telling them all that henand Catherine were both handing in their respective resignations innmid-December and planning a wedding on Christmas Eve, and viewingnCatherine's look of love tinged with anxiety, Jaclyn was finallynforced to put aside her feeling of dismay at the news. No matter hownmuch she might wish her mother had not died and her father had notnfallen in love again, those were the realities, and she had to acceptnthem if she wanted to maintain any sort of a relationship with hernfather in the future. Besides, of all the women he MIGHT havenchosen, Jaclyn had to concede that Catherine was probably the bestnchoice. If he had to choose anyone to replace her mother, of course. Shenhad to tell herself that she was happy for her father once again thatnChristmas Eve when she and Lori stood with Catherine and Robert asnthey committed themselves to each other in a small ceremony at thencabin where they had taken refuge just over a year previously. nBrock, Jeff, the two children, and Catherine's friends, William andnMarina, were the only other guests. As she listened to the wordsnspoken, Jaclyn suddenly realized that it was no longer a realnhardship to accept Catherine into their family. \"Anwedding is the celebration of the highest we know in love, thenpledging of the deepest fidelity, the expression of the highestnaspiration. A relationship so sacred must not be entered intoncasually, but thoughtfully and deliberately. A wedding is also anrecognition that love and marriage are not always easy and that alongnwith the tenderness, newness and joy in a marriage, a marriage mustnovercome many forces that might destroy it. Out of this tanglednworld, these two have been drawn together, two people bound firmly bynthe sure insights of love. I charge you, Catherine and Robert, withnthe responsibility to keep your love alive — to grow, to change,nto maintain the capacity for wonder, for spontaneity, for humour, tonremain flexible, warm and sensitive. Give fully to each other, shownyour real feelings to one another, save time for each other, nonmatter what demands are made upon your day. I charge you to nurtureneach other to wholeness, realizing that each of you will need atntimes to bring strength and support and worth to the other.\" Seeingnthe happiness on the older couple's faces, then glancing over atnthe picture on the mantel of their family a year before MaryBeth'sndeath, Jaclyn knew that it was true... love could not simply cease tonexist. Instead, love continued to grow and expand, enriching thenlives of all who opened themselves to its power. Reaching outnimpulsively, Jaclyn took and squeezed Brock's hand, feeling warmthnflood through her at his return smile. When the wedding was over,nJaclyn was the first to embrace Catherine and welcome her to thenfamily, and knew from Catherine's moist, happy eyes that the oldernwoman understood. Ono O o O o Onlyna week later, the night before she and Brock were to leave to returnnto New York, Jaclyn woke up with a start. Unsure of what had awokennher, she lay still and listened intently. The silence surroundingnthe cabin almost unnerved her. She was much more accustomed to thenconstant noise of the city traffic. Then she heard the bedsprings innthe next room, and heard her father's faintly irritated voicensaying, \"Oh, come on, Catherine. Please?\" \"Leavenme alone,\" came Catherine's muffled grumble. \"Younknow it won't take long.\" \"Robert,nwhat I KNOW is that I won't be able to sleep afterwards! And I havento work tomorrow!\" \"Butnyou know I can't sleep without it.\" \"Andnthat is my problem? Tell me, Robert, do you often think of thingsnlike this so late at night?\" Therenwas a brief chuckle, then her father said, \"Only when I'm hot.\"n Jaclyn grimaced inwardly. \"Damnnit, Robert, you get hot at the most inconvenient times.\" Hisnvoice took on a wheedling note as he said, \"If you loved me,nCatherine, I wouldn't have to beg you.\" Catherinenheaved a sigh. \"If you loved ME, you'd be more considerate,nRobert!\" \"Inguess you just don't love me any more, or you WOULD...\" \"Ohnreally, Robert, you know I love you!\" Now Catherine soundednexasperated. \"Please, let's forget it for tonight. I'm TIRED,nRobert! It has been a very long, stressful day for all of us!\" \"Please...comenon, Catherine... please?\" Afterna short pause, Jaclyn heard Catherine sigh loudly again, then say,n\"All right, I'll do it.\" Therenwas a somewhat louder creaking of the bedsprings, accompanied bynvarious grunts and sighs. Jaclyn squirmed in her own bed, coveringnher head with the blankets and trying to block out the sounds. Itndidn't work. \"What'snthe matter now, Catherine? Need a flashlight?\" His voice almostnsounded taunting. \"Incan't find it, damn it.\" \"Oh,nfor heaven's sake, just feel for it!\" Robert sounded almostnexasperated. Jaclynngrinned, then suddenly remembered just what it was that was happeningnin the next room, and she shuddered. \"There!\"nCatherine exclaimed almost triumphantly. \"NOW are you satisfied?\" \"Oh,nyes,\" Robert almost moaned. Jaclyn frantically tried to cover hernears again. \"Isnit up far enough?\" Catherine asked in a long-suffering voice. \"Oh,nyeah, that's good.\" Jaclynnwas about to throw the covers back and get out of the room whennCatherine spoke one more time. \"Nowngo to sleep, Robert, and from now on when you want the window open,ndo it yourself!\" Forna moment Jaclyn was frozen, then she had to struggle to keep fromnshrieking with laughter. Her own bed moved as Brock rolled over andndrew her close to him. \"I heard it, too,\" he whispered, andnJaclyn could tell he was fighting his own laughter, \"and all I cannsay is, it serves you right, my love, for having such a dirty mind! nThat'll teach you for not being sure Catherine was the right womannfor your father! See? Father knows best!\" \"Oh,nYOU!\" she whispered back crossly, but she melted into his arms andnkissed him. Long after her father's snores rumbled through thencabin, Jaclyn and Brock celebrated their own love quietly but no lessneffectively. THEnEND ","Summary":" Disclaimer:nI don't own any of these characters, and I don't know who DOES ownnthem although the mo"},{"Movie":"One Special Night","Title":"The Family Project","Author":"faithandhopewoman","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7331365","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own any of these characters, and I don't know who does own them, although the movie was produced by Kaboom. I write them for fun only, as an exercise in creative writing. This is a work of fiction, based upon the movie characters. I just love Robert and Catherine. I also know this is not a real popular movie, although on the Julie Andrew's Forum one author has written over 50 stories. I hope you will enjoy my story and leave me a review. Catherine was so excited when Robert picked her up at the hospital. \"Why the big smile, Catherine?\" \"Robert you will never believe this, St. Francis Medical Center in the city wants to bring a children's cancer treatment center to St. Mary's. They think the quiet setting would help the children.\" \"Is that why you have so many late meetings?\" \"Yes, Robert. I didn't want to tell anyone until I was sure. Now the real work begins, I need to present the idea to the Board.\" \"When is the next meeting, Catherine?\" \"Two weeks.\" Catherine never thought she could be ready in two weeks. Marina helped her shop; they decided on a stylish dress rather than a tailored suit. The dress felt comfortable to Catherine and thought it would give her confidence. One of the administrative assistants helped her polish her PowerPoint presentation. By the weekend before the meeting, she was ready. Now she needed something to calm her nerves. Robert took care of that. He turned to her, \"you need to relax, go pack a bag, we're going to the city for the night.\" In less than an hour they were on their way. Catherine loved his spontaneous surprises. This was just what she needed. Robert had planned a night of dinner, dancing and romancing. Up in their room, Robert came up to her from behind; \"the first thing we're going to do is a little romancing.\" He started with kisses on her neck, sweet ticklish kisses, and nibbles on her ear and his hands on the buttons to her blouse. They rested together; just enjoying each other before getting ready for the evening. After a wonderful dinner, they went downstairs to the lounge; here they played all kinds of music, soft rock, romantic and even some country. For an hour they danced every dance; finally sitting out the country line dance. After a couple of drinks and many slow dances later, Robert suggested they continue their dancing in their room. Catherine changed into a slinky nightgown with spaghetti straps; Robert danced with her just wearing his boxers. After only three songs; they lay sated, content; and loved. They slept until quite late; leaving only time for brunch before driving home. Once home, Robert tuned in the football game, no sound; he disliked the announcers talking; and Catherine reviewed her presentation. Robert fell asleep in his chair, so Catherine went to see if she could fix them a simple dinner. She decided on grilled pork chops, stove top dressing, hot apples and steamed broccoli. Everything was ready in about twenty minutes. She sat on the arm of his chair. \"Wake up sweetheart, dinner is ready.\" She gave him a sweet kiss and then a long lingering one as he stirred. \"Did I hear dinner?' \"Yes, Robert it's all ready.\" She stood up dragging him by the hand. He stretched and then put his arms around her for a wonderful kiss. After dinner, Robert asked. \"Are you nervous about your presentation tomorrow, Catherine?\" \"Yes, Robert, I hope they like my idea.\" \"Catherine, I'm sure they will.\" \"Now, let me help you relax.\" Catherine felt so loved; she fell asleep in his arms. Robert picked Catherine up at three so they could get home to freshen up before returning for the Board meeting. Cocktails started at six. The president of the hospital had welcoming remarks; the chaplain said a prayer; and dinner was served. The meeting ended with thunderous applause – the Board whole heartedly endorsed the idea. Now Catherine had to make it all come true. Catherine was overwhelmed. She sought Robert for a comforting hug and sweet kiss. As they walked to the car, Robert asked her, \"Do you want to go right home or stop at the lounge for a drink and dancing?\" \"Dancing!\" The lounge wasn't crowded; Robert ordered wine for both of them. After a few sips, he took her to the dance floor for the first of many dances. As they danced he told her how well she had done; \"everyone was really listening and you looked so relaxed and of course, beautiful.\" She kissed him as they danced to the song, Lady. Robert's heart was filled with pride. Around eleven the dances grew more romantic and they knew it was time to go home and continue the romance there. Catherine knew pictures had been taken; she didn't realize there would be a press release in the paper the next day. Later in the afternoon, the communication department called and asked if she could give an interview. After finding a suitable location she met with the Health Editor of the paper and also did an interview for the local TV station. It was late when she returned to her office; she grabbed her things and hastily went to find Robert. As she left the administrative suite, she saw him coming towards her. \"Robert, I did an interview for the paper and a one for the TV station.\" \"Really?\" \"Yes, really. Let's drive to Lori's and see if we can catch the news.\" Once in the car, Catherine called Lori to tell her they would be dropping by for a quick visit. Michael was very excited when Catherine told him she was going to be on TV. They all ate in the kitchen where there was a small TV. Soon the announcer said; \"and now for some news from St. Mary's Hospital.\" Michael yelled in excitement as he saw Catherine, \"I see you grandma.\" Jeff quietly said, \"Let's listen, Michael, shhhh.\" They heard Catherine repeat what she had said at the board meeting and answered a few questions. The announcer thanked Catherine and said, \"We will be following this story over the coming months.\" Catherine told them she also did an interview for the paper; to be published tomorrow. They kissed everyone goodbye, including the baby who was now awake, and thanked Lori for dinner. Needless to say Catherine was exhausted; she had performed two difficult procedures before the interviews. Robert's smile had never left his face. \"You were wonderful Catherine.\" His arms came around her in a warm embrace followed by loving kisses. She was never too tired for his love.[Chapter 2] Catherine had finished a busy day, full of meetings about the Cancer Treatment Center. She felt something was missing. Robert picked her up and headed to the hardware store to pick up the things he had ordered to build some extra shelves in their garage. The drive took them right by a McDonald's. \"That's it,\" she blurted out. \"What's it, Catherine?\" \"We need a Ronald McDonald House, Robert.\" \"What kind of house?\" \"It's a place where families can go while their children are in the hospital. Cancer patients are often in the hospital for a long time. Many big medical centers have one. The Ronald McDonald Corporation licenses them to deserving communities.\" That evening they talked more about her idea. Robert was very interested in helping. \"Catherine, I have some free time tomorrow, let me checked on properties for sale near the hospital.\" \"Oh, Robert, that would be wonderful; thank you.\" She reached up and gave him a big kiss. Catherine was anxious to talk to Robert. She was waiting at the front door for him. \"Catherine, I want to show you something.\" They drove one block and turned on to a small side street. There stood a beautiful large older home with a For Sale sign in the front yard. Robert stopped, \"the owner is inside, he told me to come to the door.\" Catherine was overwhelmed, the house was beautiful; it was well maintained. The owner greeted them; \"I'm the man who called you, Robert Woodward and this is my wife, Dr. Catherine Woodward. Catherine is interested in a property near the hospital for a Ronald McDonald House.\" The man smiled, \"I'm Joseph Croft, tell me more.\" Catherine explained about the Cancer Treatment Center and the need for families to have a place close by to stay and relax. The owner expressed a real interest in the idea; \"give me a few days and I will contact you.\" Robert gave him one of his cards and also wrote Catherine's hospital number on the back. Joseph Croft called Robert, the following Friday morning. \"Do you think you and your wife could meet me a Murray's tomorrow morning at nine, I have a friend I want you to meet?\" \"Of, course, Mr. Croft, we'll be there.\" Robert quickly called Catherine to share the news. They were greeted by Mr. Murray; Robert told them they were there to meet two gentlemen; \"yes, I just seated them in the back.\" Joseph Croft and his friend stood up as Robert and Catherine approached. \"Robert, Catherine, I'd like you to meet Jonathan Croft, President of the Patriots. The name didn't ring a bell with Catherine but it did for Robert. Shaking his hand; \"pleased to meet you Mr. Croft.\" \"Call me Jonathan, Robert.\" Robert turned to Catherine; \"I'd like to introduce my wife, Dr. Catherine Woodward.\" \"Yes, Joseph told me about your lovely wife,\" shaking Catherine's hand. \"My pleasure sir.\" Catherine said quietly as she smiled. \"Catherine, explain to Jonathan your idea for a Ronald McDonald House.\" Catherine proceeded to tell him about the Cancer Treatment Center and the need to offer services to the families. \"I assume you will need funds to accomplish this? Am I right Catherine?\" \"Yes,\" she still didn't have a clue who he was. Robert spoke up, \"gentlemen, I believe its time to tell Catherine who you are, Catherine doesn't follow football.\" \"Good idea Robert,\" Jonathan said. \"Catherine, the Patriots are an NFL team located in Foxboro, Massachusetts, I'm the president and Joseph is my father's brother, Robert Croft, the owner.\" He went on, \"the Patriots have a tremendous following in Connecticut. We are known for outreach programs; we want to support the hospital in establishing this house.\" Catherine tried to contain her emotions; she swallowed hard. She smiled, \"Jonathan, thank you, it will mean a lot to the children and their families.\" \"Wonderful, the director of the outreach program will be in touch; now let us enjoy our breakfast, I've been told the chocolate chip pancakes are superb.\" Robert chimed in, \"my grandson tells me that all the time.\" They all exchanged business cards; \"Catherine, I'm going to put this on the fast track.\" After they left, Robert and Catherine sat there taking it all in. \"Robert, this is a dream come true.\" The next few months were a whirlwind. The Patriots funded the purchase and the renovations. Robert was asked to do the renovations; the Patriots wanted someone local; and the husband of the doctor in charge couldn't be a better choice. The house had five bedrooms and with the attic they could make three more. The basement was dedicated to activities for the siblings as well as the patients. Robert was discussing the activity rooms with Catherine; she paused and looked at him lovingly. \"Robert, one of those rooms needs to be an art room.\" Do you think Jaclyn would like to help plan it?\" \"I think she would love to hear from you.\" Later that evening, Catherine called her. Jaclyn was more than eager; she told Catherine, \"I already have lots of ideas.\" Before she said goodbye, she told Catherine to tell her dad they were going to be in town on Saturday. Jaclyn immediately called Lori. \"Catherine just asked me to help with the art room the \"RMD\" house,\" as she called it. \"Lori, I want it to be called the \"Marybeth Woodward Art Room.\" \"Oh Jaclyn what a wonderful thought; let's talk about this Saturday over dinner, okay?\" \"Sure.\" \"I'll call Catherine and Dad and invite them too.\" When Jaclyn and Lori presented their idea to Catherine and Robert, for a moment there was silence; tears had formed in everyone's eyes. Grabbing Robert's hand and choking back her tears, Catherine spoke, \"that's a wonderful idea.\" When Catherine had sold her house, Robert had stored a couple of boxes for her, here at the house. Robert, \"Can you get to my boxes easily?\" \"Sure, why Catherine?\" \"I'll show you.\" Everyone followed Robert downstairs; Robert easily found the boxes in the store room. Catherine opened the larger one; she pulled out a large brown envelope, carefully removing the contents; a somewhat wrinkled painting of a tree. \"Catherine, is that yours?\" \"Yes, Robert, I painted it when I was five.\" It was not just a green tree, it was a flowering tree and the painting was signed, 'Catherine Elizabeth Taylor, age 5'. Jaclyn gasped, \"I want it for the room, don't know exactly what I'm going to do with it, I just know I want it. The framers can take out almost all the wrinkles, it will be lovely.\" Catherine spoke to Michael, \"I want you to paint a picture too, I'm sure Aunt Jaclyn will help you.\" He smiled at her and nodded his head. At home that evening, Robert and Catherine talked emotionally about the art room. \"Marybeth would be very proud of the girls. Maybe this will inspire a child to become an art teacher.\" Robert told her very emotionally. Jaclyn worked with all of the designers; help select interior colors and art work for all the rooms. Many were original pieces from Jaclyn. Jaclyn found one of her Mom's favorite paintings and had it framed. The entire region had embraced the RMD House. The list of dignitaries for the dedication ceremony was impressive. Former First Lady, Barbara Bush was asked to cut the ribbon and a young football, Luke Walker, would speak about what the Ronald McDonald House meant to him and his family when he received treatment in Boston. And of course the Croft family would be there. Marybeth's favorite quote: 'Feed the body food and drink, it will survive today. Feed the soul art and music, it will live forever;' was prominently displayed on a large banner. Michael and Marybeth's handprints served as ends of the banner. Jaclyn found a very prominent place for Catherine's painting; to serve as an inspiration for all the children. Her mom's painting was hung outside the door, with an inscription: \"in Memory of Marybeth Woodward, the Art Lady\". Privately, the Woodward family had a dedication of the 'Marybeth Woodward Art Room.' It was late summer, the weather was beautiful. Their entire family would sit with the dignitaries, Catherine was so proud. Joe Green, the CEO of the hospital opened the program. The Chaplain gave a blessing. Catherine spoke about her dream and the gift from the Patriots and the Croft family. She also thanked everyone who had given of their time; and the countless other people who had given either money or gifts. Luke Walker spoke so clearly about the needs of families during cancer treatment. Ronald McDonald Houses have a special place in my heart, he told the audience. Barbara Bush was joined by Catherine and Robert to cut the ribbon officially opening the St. Mary's Ronald McDonald House. The rest of the day was a blur for Catherine. She knew many pictures had been taken; the story was picked up by national media for the entire world to hear.[Chapter 3] A few days later she was sitting in her office when the phone rang, the caller ID told her it was long distance; she thought the area code was California. \"Hello, Catherine Woodward speaking.\" The person on the other end responded, \"Catherine, its Lizzy. I saw you on the news. You got married?\" \"Oh, Lizzy; what a surprise; yes, to a wonderful man. We need to talk when I don't have a procedure to do, call me at home tonight.\" \"I'll do better than that, John and I will be in New York tomorrow, can we all meet somewhere?\" \"What if Robert and I meet you at the airport and then we can decide what to do? What time do you arrive?\" \"Two thirty.\" \"Great see you then, bye.\" That evening, she told Robert all about Lizzy. That they had been friends since medical school; that Liz never thought she would get married until five years ago she was swept off her feet by a man she met at a hospital fundraiser. \"We haven't seen each other recently; the last time was at a conference shortly before Tom got sick.\" \"Catherine, we have plenty of room, they could be our first guests.\" \"Yes, that would be wonderful.\" Liz and John's plane was right on time. Liz hadn't changed a bit still her same bubbly self, always talking. After introductions, Robert asked John where they were staying. John explained that they didn't like staying in the city and Elizabeth had found a hotel in Connecticut, in a small town called Riverside. \"You must be kidding, that's near us. Catherine, did you hear that? They have reservations in Riverside.\" \"Liz, John, we'd love you to stay with us; we have a new house; we have plenty of room. It isn't too late to cancel.\" Robert got them out of the city before the major traffic left. Liz and Catherine sat in the back and talked almost non-stop. John and Robert just listened. Robert could tell they were very good friends. As they got close to home, Robert asked, \"What does everyone want to do for dinner?\" \"Robert, let's stop at Romero's, I'm sure these two haven't had much to eat since leaving LA.\" Liz and John agreed. Liz wanted to know all about the RMD House. Catherine and Robert told them all the details from finding the house, to the Patriots connection, and the gift they gave to the hospital. After leaving Romero's, they drove by St. Mary's and the RMD House. Liz asked, \"You said you moved into your house a year ago; where were you living?\" \"In a vacation cabin.\" Robert answered. \"We'll tell you all about it after we get settled in the house, here we are.\" Catherine continued. Robert and John took their suitcases up to the larger bedroom with the ensuite bathroom. The guys went back down so Robert could show John the property before it got totally dark. \"Okay, Catherine, tell me about Robert. I can see that you two are totally in love. Not to put Tom down, but I don't remember you looking like this with him.\" \"You're right Liz, I loved Tom, but not the way I love Robert; I can't explain it.\" How did you meet?\" \"By accident, I was still grieving, Liz, it was Thanksgiving. I was at the hospice and so was Robert; he had sent his family home because of the blizzard and he couldn't get a taxi. I offered him a ride; we skidded on the ice and landed in the ditch. Our first impression of each other was not good. We found a cabin to spend the night in. Liz, the most amazing thing happened; we started to talk; deep down he was a soft gentle loving man. His wife was dying from heart disease complicated by Alzheimer's; she didn't know him anymore and yet he went to see her faithfully every day. I fell in love with him; but I knew our love had to wait, he would never be unfaithful. I didn't see him again until another accidental meeting here at the cabin. Robert had bought the place and I came upon it accidentally. We talked and I found out his wife had died the Sunday after our first meeting. We started a relationship, but soon realized we were in love. We married on December 27th. Our love just keeps growing.\" \"Whoa! Catherine, that's a story for the movies.\" Then they heard Robert, \"are you ladies going to talk all night up there?\" Without answering they scampered down the stairs. Each greeted their mate with a kiss. After sitting and talking for a while, Liz and John decided to turn in; it had been a long day for them. Robert made a fire in their bedroom; they sat for awhile and talked. \"I can tell, you and Liz are very good friends. I'm surprised that John calls her Elizabeth.\" She told me he just likes it.\" Catherine laughed, \"You want to hear something funny, her given name is Elizabeth Catherine.\" \"Really?\" \"Hmm, I think that's why we became such good friends.\" \"Tomorrow, let's have breakfast at Murray's and take them out to the cabin.\" \"That's fine, now I want to neck with my wife.\" Catherine laughed. Soon, Robert smothered the embers from the fire and took his wife to bed. Robert and Catherine greeted their guests as they came down the steps. Liz and John remarked about the wonderful view from the bedroom, \"the lake looked like glass it was so calm.\" Asked how they slept, they responded \"just like babies.\" \"We're going to have breakfast at our favorite place, Murray's; and then we want to take you to the cabin. Liz, I assume you've told John our story.\" \"Yes, and we can't wait to see this magical place.\" John answered. First, Robert drove straight to Shelby Manor and then started back to town using the route that Catherine had taken that day. Catherine and Robert elaborated on the story Catherine had told Liz; the exact spot the car hit the ice, the place where Catherine fell on her face, the tractor ride and Catherine tying her scarf to the tree branch where she thought she had lost her necklace; the place where they spotted the cabin. They went inside the normal way, no breaking any more windows. They told them a little more about their conversation on Thanksgiving; how Robert learned her husband had died, why she had given him a ride; they called a truce and tried to make the best of an awkward situation. \"But why did you decide to live here? Liz asked. \"That's a difficult question to answer, we just felt comfortable here, and it was special. I knew I couldn't live in my house, too big and too many memories, even though most of them were happy ones. When a new doctor started, he couldn't find a house for his family, I decided it was time to sell and I haven't regretted it. We knew we needed a home in the city eventually. We had been snowed in a couple weekends in February. So Robert built our house and now it's special.\" On Monday, Robert drove Liz and John back to the city for his meeting. They would take a taxi to the airport. Catherine and Liz promised to stay in touch and hopefully visit more often. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own any of these characters, and I don't know who does own them, although the m"},{"Movie":"One Special Night","Title":"Heartfelt","Author":"RevSue","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3544775","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title:n Heart-felt Rating:n T – with a bit of angst thrown in to go with the romance! LOL Summary:nyet ANOTHER sequel to One Special Night ... Disclaimer:nI don't own any of these characters, might be Kaboom! that owns them,nbut I DO know that I make no money from this work of fiction. Sigh. nMight make some 'points', though, if I make a certain personnhappy ... WhennCatherine arrived home on Christmas Eve, she stood in the hallway ofnthe empty, echoing house, feeling like a laboratory mouse choosingnbetween competing drives. The bathroom? The kitchen? The bed? Shenneeded them all at once. She trudged as far as the guest bathroom,nwashed her hands and splashed cool water on her face. HE HAD BEENnTHERE! Shenwas so, so tired ... emotionally and physically. It had seemed, innthe Shelby Hospice parking lot that afternoon, that she would nevernrecover from Tom's death ... it had been a cruel blow to find thatnthe room he had once occupied was no longer empty. For the past yearnshe had taken refuge in that room, sat and dreamt that he was stillnalive ... lying in the bed teasing her mercilessly ... and listeningnto all her problems. Now she was even more alone than she had beennbefore Thanksgiving ... when Robert had crashed into her life withnall the subtlety of a bull in a china shop. The chemistry betweennthem had been volatile from the very beginning ... and in that onennight she had revealed more of herself and learned more about anothernperson than ever before in such a short time. Their looks and theirnsilences had been palpable ... desire had sizzled between themndespite their best efforts to ignore it. Then it was over. He hadnpromised to meet her for breakfast, and had never showed up. And yetn... he HAD been there! Sittingnin that parking lot this afternoon, feeling that her life was innruins around her, had been one of the lowest times of Catherine'snlife. The hospital's call had seemed like a lifeline tossed to hern... until she had found Robert pacing anxiously in the hospitalncorridor. Then, after the drama of the birth of Robert'sngrand-daughter, she had hoped to speak to him briefly then escape ...nbut he had kept her talking. She had been CERTAIN he had to havenbeen lying to her, saying he had been at Murray's that day ... butnwhen Lori had told her that Mary Beth had died that Sunday, Catherinenknew that Robert HAD been there. That knowledge had buoyed her upn... until now. Yes,nhe had been there ... but she had not believed him, and hadnquestioned him incredulously. What must he be thinking of her NOW? nShe looked around her house vaguely, feeling like a stranger in hernown life. What was she to do? If only she could live the last monthnover again! If only she had phoned him to ask why he hadn't metnher as promise ... if only she had heard of Mary Beth's death andnhad contacted him ... if only he had contacted HER and let her know! Shendebated going to the kitchen for something to eat, but it seemed likentoo much effort. Instead, she went into the bedroom, dropped hernclothes in a heap at her feet, pulled on some pyjamas, and crawledninto bed. She wanted to sleep, not revisit her old, sad memories;nnot to think about anything. In spite of her exhaustion, however,nshe kept rolling around in the bed, trying to find a comfortablenspot. Over and over in her mind ran the mocking words, 'he hadnbeen there!' ... mocking her because she had so obviously notnbelieved him ... mocking her for driving him away with her disbeliefnand anger at his supposed lies ... mocking her and making hernsuddenly feel more lonely than she had ever felt before in her life. \"Stupid,nstupid, STUPID!\" she muttered, punching the pillow and squeezingnher eyes shut. Beforenlong, she sank into a bottomless sleep, where, from deep recesses,ndreams surfaced ... dreams of a strong man carrying her through anblizzard, laying her down in front of a roaring fire and makingnfierce love to her over and over and over until her longing and hernpain and her loneliness at last melted away. Ono O o O o Thennext morning, Catherine was convinced that her dream had miraculouslyncome true when she allowed Robert to draw her closer as she said,n\"I'm a woman of science. I only believe in what I see.\" Robertncaught the door with one hand and closed it as he said, \"MerrynChristmas, Millie.\" \"MerrynChristmas, Howard,\" she replied, and leaned into his kiss. Thencool cabin air heated up quickly. As Robert deepened the kiss,nCatherine sighed in relief, in pleasure, in encouragement. She hadnbeen waiting for his kiss for a month, she realized with a sense ofnshock. Yet Robert wasn't demanding. His touch was gentle, testingnshape and fit and intensity as if this simple kiss really matteredn... as if SHE really mattered. Catherine could feel the heat ofnRobert's body radiating into hers. Her breath shortened,nquickened, trembled. Robert was a big enough man to make her, anrelatively tall woman, feel small and feminine ... and perhaps even anlittle bit helpless. For the first time in her life, Catherinenunderstood how desirable feeling helpless could be. Their kissesngrew in intensity, they pressed closer to one another. Catherinenfelt the room spin, then realized he had tightened his arms andnturned them both so that her back was against the wall. Smilingnagainst his mouth, she took advantage of the support to pull himncloser, and the pleasure of wanting Robert and being wanted by himnnearly overwhelmed her. Heat, urgency and desire flamed in her. Innanother minute, she would forget her own name. Butnthat minute never came. Suddenly he was drawing back, his fingersnshaking as he touched her face, his breathing as ragged as hers. n\"Not here ...\" he said. \"Not like this, damn it. Not standingnup against a WALL ... You deserve so much more, Catherine ... so muchnmore ... I'm sorry. I didn't mean to fall on you and ravish younthe minute we walked in the door ...\" Tryingnto calm her breathing, Catherine nodded. He was right ... damn. Shenwondered inwardly at her frustration. In spite of trying not to, shenhad been thinking about this man for the last month, even knowingnthat he was married and therefore nothing could come of her thoughts.n Now that she knew he was free, she was practically throwing herselfnat him! \"Robert ... again ... I WAS at Murray's that day ... andnI'm sorry I never realized that ... that Mary Beth ...\" \"Come,nlet's sit down ... I built up the fire this morning, but it'snalmost out. Just let me stoke it some more ...\" Robert didn'tnseem to be paying attention to her words as he drew her over to thensofa and turned to the fire. Catherinenfrowned and crossed her arms as she waited for him to finish. Hernfrown vanished when he looked back at her for a moment, and she sawnthat his eyes were suspiciously damp. Oh God, he was hurting! Shenbit her lip and averted her eyes. He poked at the fire again, thenncame and sat on the sofa beside her, his head down. \"Robert ...\"nshe leaned over and touched his shoulder. \"Therenare days I still can't believe it ...\" he said slowly, stillnlooking into the flames now leaping in the fireplace instead of atnher. Slidingnover closer, Catherine put her arm around him and hugged him, leaningnher cheek on his shoulder. \"I know. And there will be days likenthat for a long time. Forever, for all I know.\" \"Intried to go to Shelby Hospice to see Mary Beth almost every day ...neven when she no longer knew who I was. I ... I still remember whatnyou told me on Thanksgiving ... that she would never forget the mannwho had occupied her heart for so many years.\" Catherinenrubbed her cheek lightly on his shoulder. \"That's right. nBesides, even though she did not know you, you still knew her. Younknew her and loved her and what you both had together.\" \"Itnwas the same for Tom and you.\" Robert's words were a statement,nnot a question. \"Mmmhmmm.\" \"Indidn't mean to be unfaithful to her ...\" Robert said hoarsely. Catherine'snarm tightened around him. \"You weren't,\" she said softly. n\"Not even in your heart. Not on Thanksgiving ... not now. MarynBeth knew you loved her ... and she still knows you love her, I'mncertain of it. But ... but there is always more love to be found ...nit can sneak up on us, even when we're not aware of its approach,neven when we're not looking for it ... even when we don't thinknwe want or need it.\" \"Notnonly beautiful, but smart as well. I told you before that you werenimpressive ...\" Robert turned to look at her again, his eyesnsearching hers. Then he leaned closer and his lips covered hers fornanother heart-stopping moment. \"You're sure it's all rightnthat you're here?\" he asked finally, nuzzling her ear. \"Fornnow ...\" Catherine murmured, her hands stroking his back. \"Is itnall right with you? Your family ...?\" \"They'renat the hospital doing the Christmas thing with Lori and the baby. Inwon't be missed ...\" He kissed her again. Tryingnnot to whimper with her need, Catherine gasped, \"God, Robert, I'vendreamt...!\" and arched closer. \"Sonhave I, Catherine. God forgive me, but so have I ...\" Robertndivided his kisses between her mouth and the sensitive skin of hernthroat and behind her ear. He carefully removed the necklace thatnhad taken him hours to locate in the snow the day after Thanksgiving.n \"We'll keep it safe this adventure, shall we?\" \"Inneed to thank you for that ...\" Catherine whispered past the lumpnin her throat at his gentleness. \"Younare ...\" he returned, snatching another kiss. \"Mmmmm,\"nshe sighed, giving herself over to him completely. Theynsat together on the sofa there in front of the fire for over an hour,ntalking, kissing, talking ... then more than kissing as their neednswept through them. Her cardigan came off, next her turtleneck andnher bra ... and then Robert's hands were on her skin and Catherinenthought she would melt from the pleasure. She pulled his shirt outnof his trousers to run her hands over his back and his broad, musclednshoulders. \"Mmm,nyou can tell you keep fit in the construction business, even if younARE older and not doing all the hard cement work,\" she saidnhuskily. \"Pointing that finger must pay off ...\" Henchuckled. \"I'm finding this use for my fingers MUCH moreninteresting!\" and he stroked the smooth skin of her shoulders andndown her back, causing her heartbeat to race. Catherinenmoaned, fighting a losing battle to keep her need under control. nThen his shirt, too, was gone, and he was lying down and she wasnsprawled on top of him. He pressed hard and hot kisses along hernthroat. She felt the heat of his palm against her hipbone, the smallnof her back, the curve of her bottom, and with a sigh of pleasure,nshe pressed into him, asking silently for more. ThennRobert pulled back again. Catherine gritted her teeth, and foughtnagainst the urge to ask him why he was getting her so worked up if hendidn't intend to follow through with his lovemaking. She openednher eyes ... and saw his face scrunched up as if he were in pain. \"Robert?n Robert, what is it?\" she asked, suddenly realized that his skinnwas cold and clammy against hers, and that he was sweating. \"Nothingn... nothing much ...\" he gasped. \"Just a crick in my neck, Inthink ... give me a minute ... and it'll go away ... damn, thatnhurts!\" Catherinendisentangled herself from his arms and sat up. \"Where does itnhurt?\" she demanded, suddenly sounding professional. \"Damnnit, Catherine,\" he growled, still breathing heavily as if trying tonsuck more oxygen into his lungs than he was getting, \"Don't goninto your doctor mode ... I'm not sick, I'm just in love ... it'snjust a ... cramp ... Ooh, damn it!\" A spasm seemed to go throughnhim, and he clutched his left shoulder. \"The pain goes right up mynneck through my jaw! Oh, God!\" Alertednby something in his mannerisms, Catherine jumped out of the way justnas Robert leaned over and vomited on the floor. He groaned andnleaned back. \"Murray ... must have poisoned me ... this morning!n... I'm sorry ...\" Catherinengripped his shoulders. \"Robert! Take a deep breath!\" Startlednby her order, he obeyed instantly. \"Now cough!\" she commandednhim. \"A deep cough.\" Her hand slid down to cover his heart toncheck the rhythm. \"Another deep breath! Now another cough ... asnif you have to cough up your lungs! BREATHE! COUGH!\" \"Whatnthe hell ...?\" he gasped after a few minutes. \"You'renhaving a heart attack,\" Catherine said. \"Thenhell I am! It's just indigestion! No, damn it, food poisoning! nGod, I'm going to be sick again!\" After vomiting, he lay withnhis head hanging over the side of the sofa, groaning. Catherinenthrew her sweater and his shirt over the mess on the floor, andnrolled him onto his back. She put her ear on his chest for a moment,nthen sat up again. \"This isn't food poisoning. Trust me.\" nShe grabbed some pillows and shoved them under his head andnshoulders. \"There, this should make it easier to breathe. Yournlungs are starting to fill with fluid.\" \"Catherine?n Catherine, I don't want to die!\" Suddenly Robert wasnpanic-stricken. \"It hurts, Catherine ...\" \"Damnnit, Robert, do what I say! I do NOT want to lose you! I love yountoo much!\" Catherine snapped ... and her words hung in the air. \"Inhope that's not a metaphor,\" Robert sighed, and closed his eyes. \"ROBERT!\"nCatherine felt for his pulse, then tugged him onto the floor andnstarted CPR. \"Damn it, I will NOT lose you!\" she muttered as shenworked over him, vainly wishing she had brought her doctor's kitnwhich was still in her vehicle at the hospital. Tonbe continued[Chapter 2] Atnlong last, Robert coughed ... and, exhausted, Catherine sat back andnlooked at him. He opened his eyes, tried to smile, and blinked a fewntimes. \"Inhaven't ever had that much pain from Murray's cooking ... evennwith the bad batch of shrimp last year,\" he whispered hoarsely. \"Still?\"nCatherine asked, worried. \"No.\"n He closed his eyes and sighed. \"Not as bad ...\" \"ThanknGod,\" Catherine almost whispered herself. She ran her hand overnhis sweaty forehead, then bent and kissed it gently. \"If you feelnall right, I have to go phone the hospital. We need an ambulance.\" \"Indon't need an ambulance. I'll be fine ...\" \"Yes,nonce you're in the hospital.\" \"Catherine,nplease ... don't phone! Not yet!\" he begged weakly, holding hernhand to keep her beside him. \"I'll be fine! Once the pain goesn... ooh, my jaw still hurts like hell! Feels like you slugged me. Inhope I did something worthy of such a good punch! Or ...\" hensuddenly seemed to realize he was on the floor, \"or maybe younwhacked my head on the floor when you pulled me off the couch.\" Catherinenbit her lip. She had heard that heart attacks could cause painnunlike anything the victims had ever experienced before. One womannhad told her that, speaking strictly of the pain, if she were givennthe choice between natural child birth and a heart attack, she wouldnchoose having a baby any day. She rolled him onto his side and,ngrabbing the pillow from the sofa, she slid it under his head, thenncovered him with the afghan. \"It'sngradually getting better,\" Robert mumbled. \"No need for thenambulance ... or hospital. I just ... there's pressure ...\" \"You'venhad a heart attack, Robert,\" Catherine said. \"You almost DIED. nYou HAVE to get to the hospital!\" Henstared at her incredulously, then his eyes swept down her body beforenhe shut them tightly and groaned. \"Tell me I made love to younfirst ... God, you're beautiful ...\" Thatnwas when Catherine realized she had been working on him half nakednall this time. Flushing brilliantly, she looked around for hernclothes, and grimaced when she saw where she had put her sweater. \"Catherine?\" Lookingnback at him, she saw him wink at her before he said, \"You'renbeautiful. Will you marry me if I live through this?\" \"We'llntalk about that later,\" Catherine had to smile, even though she wasnworried sick. \"Inwant to talk about it NOW!\" he insisted. \"God,nRobert, this is not the time to discuss this!\" \"Inknow my wife died just a month ago, and I DID wait for a while ...nbut Catherine, life is short ... you and I can BOTH attest to that. nDon't we deserve as much time as possible together?\" His eyesnfrankly admired her again, and she crossed her arms over her barenchest and frowned at him. \"Inhave to phone for an ambulance.\" she said. \"First,njust tell me we made love ...\" he begged. \"Younare impossible!\" she frowned at him, and rummaged in her coatnpocket for her cell phone. When she flipped it open, however, shensaw that there was no service in the area. How had she forgotten? n\"DAMN! No cell!\" \"You'renkilling me, Catherine ... the suspense! Did we make love?\" Catherinensat beside him, and her hand smoothed over his face again. Then shenbent and touched her lips to his cheek briefly. \"We were makingnlove, Robert ... we weren't finished. We still aren't. Inpromise. You'll be all right in a few days. I just need to figurenout how to get you to the damn hospital!\" \"Can'tnyou just drive me ...? Damn. The Suburban's in the ditch.\" Hengroaned again. Then he winced as he moved a little. \"So ...nsomething wrong with the land line?\" Catherine'sneyes widened. \"You mean the phone here WORKS now?\" Withoutnwaiting for his answer, she scrambled to her feet and ran over to thentelephone on the wall. Within moments, she was speaking to thenhospital and ordering an ambulance, giving the directions to thencabin succinctly. When she came back, she picked up her bra and thenmatching cardigan to the now-unuseable sweater and put them on,nsaying, \"They'll be right here. How are you?\" \"I'mnfine, I told you! I hope your sense of direction is better todaynthan it was the last month when you said you were trying to find thisnplace again and couldn't,\" he grumbled, but the faint trace ofnteasing in his voice assured her that he wasn't serious. \"Inshould phone Lori ... before they release her ...\" Catherinenremembered suddenly, and got to her feet again. \"They may as wellnstay at the hospital until we get there!\" \"Donyou have to?\" The words were out of his mouth before he could callnthem back. At her surprised look, Robert tried to shrug, but it hurtntoo much. \"It's just ... well, it's Christmas. They lostntheir mother from a heart attack on Thanksgiving weekend. I don'tnwant them to think they're losing me now.\" \"They'rennot losing you now,\" Catherine said, almost fiercely. She had beennbadly frightened, though. \"And they deserve to know.\" \"Insuppose.\" \"Tellnyou what. I'll just ask the nurse not to release Lori and the babynuntil we get there ... and we can talk to them all in person.\" \"Thanks.n You're a pal. A beautiful, sexy pal ...\" He winked, thenngrimaced. \"Damn, this still hurts!\" Catherinenchecked his pulse and tried to tamp down on her worry. There wasnnothing more she could do until the ambulance arrived as long asnRobert remained still and didn't get worse again. She hatednfeeling so helpless. This was nothing at all like the feeling ofnhelplessness when in Robert's embrace! \"Hownabout another kiss?\" Robert begged. \"One more before I die.\" \"Don'tnbe silly, you're not going to die!\" she said sharply. \"You'rentoo ornery.\" \"Ornery?n Have you been watching ... westerns lately?\" His breath hitched,nbut she pretended not to notice. Checkingnher watch, she put her hand on his wrist again, pretending that shenwasn't concerned about the wait for the ambulance. His fingersncovered hers. \"I'm sorry. I know I'll be fine, Catherine. nI'm in good hands – YOUR hands. Just because I got all excitednat the thought of ... making love with you ... damn ... I knew Inshould have ... taken you by the door while I still could stand!\" Innspite of her anxiety, Catherine couldn't help letting some of hernnervous laughter bubble out of her at his words. \"Now you'rentalking ...\" she smiled. \"Personally, I don't believe it'snanatomically possible to do that standing.\" \"Whonthe hell have YOU been making love to? Trust me, it's possible,nand I will bet you one thousand dollars we can do it ... and that'snNOT a metaphor!\" Shenbit her lip, but said nothing. She knew Robert really wasn'tnresponsible for what he was saying. Robert watched her quietly, thennasked huskily, \"You're not going to phone the girls?\" \"Yes,nI will.\" She went and made the phone call, leaving a message withnthe nurse, then busied herself cleaning up the mess from the floor,ntossing the soiled clothes into a pail and setting the pail outsidenthe back door. Finding the piece of plywood Robert had fit in thenwindow he had broken the last time as well, she pushed it in placenonce more, and locked the back door before returning to Robert afternone last glance out the window. \"I can't think what is takingnthat ambulance!\" \"Whatndoes it matter? I'm fine now. It was probably just indigestion ornsomething.\" He didn't move, however, from where she had placednhim on the floor. \"Robert,nI'm a cardiologist.\" Catherine refrained from rolling her eyes. \"Jaclynnhas been making noises about moving back here, quitting her job innNew York.\" Robert said suddenly. \"At one point, she said shenwould move in with me. If I moved in with you, she and Lori and thenchildren could keep my place.\" \"Ifnyou moved in with ME?\" \"Mmmhmm.n You have that big house ... or we could buy another ... or we couldnlive here ... in OUR house ... with memories only of each other ...nCatherine, I want to make love with you. I really, really do!\" Finallynthe ambulance was there. Catherine threw on her coat and beckonednthem in. In no time, Robert was wrapped in blankets on the stretchernand being wheeled out. Catherine was invited to ride in the back ofnthe ambulance, being a doctor. As they drove past Robert's vehiclenon the side of the road, the ambulance attendant asked if that wasntheir Suburban in the ditch. Catherinensmirked a little as she said, \"It's Robert's. HE was drivingnthis time!\" \"I'llnhave you know, woman ... that I drove in the Indianapolis 500 ...nTHREE TIMES!\" \"Anothernmetaphor?\" Catherine asked absently, checking his vitals once more,nthen looking out the window to see how close they were to thenhospital. Thenattendant was impressed however. \"Cool, man!\" \"Itnwas just the pace car ...\" Robert admitted sheepishly. Then hencaught his breath and his hand tightened on Catherine's suddenly. \"Robert?n Robert!\" The monitors suddenly went off again. \"Damn it,nRobert! If you die, I will KILL you, and that's no metaphor!\" Tonbe continued[Chapter 3] Thenambulance attendant followed her terse instructions, and very shortlynthe ambulance was screeching to a halt by the Emergency. As Robertnwas rushed off into someone else's care, Catherine sagged againstnthe wall for a moment, closing her eyes in a brief prayer for hisnsafety. She, too, was longing to be able to conclude theirnlovemaking, and ... \"Dr.nHoward?\" Itnwas Jaclyn's voice. Catherine's eyes snapped open. \"Yes? I'mnsorry, I ...\" \"WherenWERE you two?\" Jaclyn asked accusingly. \"Dad said you were justngoing to be gone a moment ...\" \"We,ner, we went out to the cabin again ... where we had been onnThanksgiving. Your father returned my necklace and ...\" \"Incan't believe he took you all the way back THERE! On CHRISTMAS! nHe should have been here with US! His FAMILY!\" \"In...\" \"MissnWoodward? Dr. Howard?\" Gratefulnfor the interruption, Catherine turned to the nurse. Jaclyn swungnaround too. \"How's my father?\" she asked immediately. \"He'snin good hands, Miss Woodward,\" the nurse said soothingly. \"Thendoctor is looking after him now. Dr. Edwards,\" she added tonCatherine, who nodded, pleased that Robert was in the care of the topncardiologist in the hospital. Then the nurse continued, \"MissnWoodward, your sister and her husband and family are in the waitingnroom just along here. If you would come along, we'll getninformation to you as soon as possible. You, too, Dr. Howard. Younmay as well wait with them.\" Before either Jaclyn or Catherinencould comment on that, the nurse began walking, still talking, andnperforce, the two had to follow. \"I understand, Dr. Howard, thatnyou were with Mr. Woodward when he had his heart attack. He's verynlucky to have had a trained person with him ... both times.\" \"Both?\"nquestioned Jaclyn. \"He had TWO?\" \"Accordingnto the ambulance attendant, your father would probably have died onnthe ride here had it not been for Dr. Howard, let alone when he hadnthe first attack,\" the nurse said. Then she pushed open the doornof the waiting room and ushered the two in. Lorinwas sitting on a chair, rocking the baby carefully. Jeff was readingna book to Michael. At the entrance of the others, Lori looked up. n\"Jaclyn? Where were you? Dr. Howard!\" Catherinentried to smile, but it was a strain. \"Lori. Jeff. Hello again,nMichael.\" \"Grandpa'sndying,\" Michael said gravely. \"Inhope not,\" Catherine said. \"I expect he'll feel much better inna few days.\" \"Theynwere out at the cabin again,\" Jaclyn said flatly. \"Thencabin? What ...? Oh!\" \"Sontell me, Dr. Howard ... Lori said Dad told her nothing had happenednbetween you on Thanksgiving. Is that your story, too?\" Jaclynnasked insolently. Catherine'sneyebrows raised in the air. \"Nothing DID happen. We were stuck innthe snow ... we walked and ... and rode on a tractor ... we found thencabin ... and we sheltered there until Lori and Jeff came the nextnmorning and took us back to the city.\" \"Younwere there all night ... the two of you all alone ... and NOTHINGnhappened?\" Jeff asked incredulously. Lorinlooked over at him momentarily. \"SOME men can keep their pantsnzippered,\" she said in a low voice. Jaclynndidn't seem to hear her sister. \"I find it very hard to believenthat you and Dad could have spent an entire NIGHT together and havenabsolutely nothing happen!\" Catherinenwondered if Jaclyn had always been so cynical. \"What did younexpect to happen? Did you really think your father ... your FATHERn... would jump into bed with a complete stranger? Do you think thatnmaybe we practiced wild monkey sex all over the cabin? Come on,nJaclyn! You should be old enough to understand that two people cannshare a rather large space for a few hours without falling on eachnother in total lust!\" Jaclynnshook with emotion, and she spat, \"I liked you as the Hershey lady,nI liked you as the doctor who saved little Mary Beth, I ... I WANT tonlike you for saving my father's life ... but it was probably makingnlove to you today in the cabin that caused him to have a heart attacknin the first place! He TOLD us last night and again this morning hownmuch you meant to him! I DESPISE you for that ... for taking mynmother's place in his life and, dammit, his BED! You're a babyndoctor, not DAD'S doctor! I WISH YOU'D JUST GET OUT OF OURnLIVES!\" Catherinentrembled before Jaclyn's fury, but still had to strangle the urgento slap the young woman. Lori stepped forward and put her arm aroundnJaclyn, but only looked steadily at Catherine. It was plain to seenthat she was on her sister's side. Nodding jerkily, Catherine wasnabout to speak when the door opened and an older woman in tears wasnushered into the waiting room. Whispering,nCatherine said to the girls, \"I'm sorry you ... feel that way. In... was not trying ... to take your mother's place ...\" Then,nbefore they could see the emotional distress she was experiencing,nshe turned and hurried blindly out of the room, down the hall andnoutside to where she could take refuge in her own vehicle. Shentried to examine her conscience and her emotions honestly, and with anfeeling of real grief realized that, by loving Robert as much as shendid, she WAS hoping to, well, to take Mary Beth's place in Robert'snlife. Yes, Mary Beth was gone, just as Tom was ... but Catherine hadnno children or grand-children to protest the intrusion of another innher life. Robert did have children ... children who very sensiblynquestioned the advent of another in their father's life so soonnafter their mother had passed away. Catherine and Robert knewnnothing PHYSICAL had happened in the cabin on Thanksgiving, and knewnthat the only thing that had been SPOKEN was a vague promise thatnmaybe sometime in the future there could be a time when the emotionsntheir eyes and hearts had spoken to the other could be brought outninto the open and shared publicly. That time was obviously not yetnas far as Robert's family was concerned. Althoughnit almost broke her heart, Catherine resolved to stay away fromnRobert as much as possible for a while — to give him time to talknto Jaclyn and Lori ... perhaps even to give him time to grieve MarynBeth properly, and then to see if what he was feeling for Catherinenherself was something lasting, or merely a fleeting fancy born ofnfrustration and unhappiness at Mary Beth's illness. Throwingnherself into her work again even more than she had immediately afternThanksgiving, Catherine avoided William and Marina, getting to thenhospital early and leaving very late so that she would never have tonreturn phone calls. She spoke only briefly to William upon occasion,nand quickly escaped back to work. Dr. Edwards kept her informed ofnRobert's progress and then his discharge when he was well enough tonleave for home. Thatnnight, when Catherine let herself into her house, the message machinenwas flashing. When she listened to the recording, it was Robertnbegging her to call him. Her face pale but resolute, Catherinenerased the message. The following night was the same ... hernanswering machine was full of messages from Robert, declaring hisnlove and pleading for her to return his call. The next night, thenmachine was again full of his messages and this time Catherinenunplugged the machine. She was NOT going to come between Robert andnhis family. WhennCatherine got home, very late and discouraged the following night,nshe found that the automatic garage door opener was acting up again,nand wouldn't lift the door. Too tired to bother fighting with it,nshe left her vehicle outside and stumbled up to the front door of hernhouse. As she put the key in the lock, she jumped and almostnscreamed when a dark figure rose from the bushes by the step. \"It'snme, Catherine,\" Robert said quickly. \"God,nRobert, you almost gave ME a heart attack! What are you doing here?\"nCatherine cried furiously. \"Inhave to talk to you.\" \"Gonaway.\" \"Justnlet me in to talk with you.\" \"NO!\"nCatherine said, turning back to the door and struggling to open it. \"Damnnit, Catherine!\" Incensed, Robert grabbed her arms and pulled hernaround to face him. She fought to release herself from his tight butnnot hurtful grip. \"What are you trying to do, give me anothernheart attack?\" he demanded. ImmediatelynCatherine ceased her struggles. \"How ARE you feeling, Robert?\" \"Frustratednand HORNY, to be honest!\" He took advantage of her momentary lapsenof hostilities, and his mouth swooped onto hers. Catherinenmoaned, forgetting all her good intentions as her own need rose upnand overwhelmed her. She wound her arms around his neck and kissednhim back passionately. He fumbled behind her and opened the door,nand they almost fell into the house, still kissing frantically. Shenkicked off her shoes and fumbled with the buttons on his coat thennpushed it off his shoulders. He released for her a moment to dropnthe coat to the floor, then reached for her again and pushed her coatnoff as his tongue explored the depths of her mouth. He toed his ownnboots off as her hands brushed off his hat and her fingers grippednhis hair and held his mouth to hers while she kicked the door shutnand nestled up against him. \"Bedroom?n Living room?\" Robert asked against her lips. \"Mmmhmmm,\"nshe replied. Then with a gasp, she began to struggle away. \"Robert!n No, stop this! We can't!\" \"Damnnit, Catherine, what is it NOW?\" he asked. Breathingnhard, Catherine stared at him. \"Jaclyn and Lori. They ... wencan't ...\" \"Catherinen... the girls and I had a long talk last night. I was such a bear bynthen that they sat me down and demanded that I speak to them. So Intold them everything.\" \"Everything?\"nCatherine was shocked. \"Younbet. I told them every tiny detail about that night at Thanksgivingn... even that you cheated at Scrabble.\" \"Indidn't!\" Catherine whispered automatically, still staring at him. \"Intold them how I had kept insisting that Mary Beth was fine ... andnhow your words had healed me. I told them about our talks, I toldnthem how much I had loved their mother, how much I loved them and thengrandchildren ... and I told them how much I now loved you as well.\"n He ignored Catherine's faint gasp and continued, \"I told themnthat even though I planned to marry again, I hoped that mynrelationship with them would not change ... hell, I even said theyncould have the damn house, and that I would live at the cabin! Andnwhen I finally let them talk, they agreed, albeit reluctantly, thatnmaybe I was old enough to make my own decisions in life. They'venagreed to accept you, Catherine, if you'll accept them. And Jaclynnespecially told me to beg your forgiveness. She wouldn't say whatnFOR, but she wants you to forgive her.\" Catherinenfelt tears pricking her eyes and couldn't answer. Happinessnpractically radiated out of her body. \"Catherine,ntoday is not necessarily about the beginning of a romance with thenone true love of my life. I loved Mary Beth a great deal, and Inknow that you loved Tom. We wouldn't have married them if wenhadn't. I told Jaclyn and Lori that. I said I had thought I hadnlost all that Mary Beth and I had had ... all the love and thencompanionship. But I also told them that, hell, even BEFORE MarynBeth died, there were a hundred women zeroing in on me, predatoryngleams in their eyes!\" \"Younthink you are that great a catch?\" Catherine asked, her eyebrowsnarched. \"A HUNDRED women?\" \"Itnwas just a metaphor! Those women all wanted companionship and love,ntoo! And yes, before you say it, I'll admit that some of themnmight have been desperate if they were looking at the likes of ME fornthat! But when you reach a certain age, damn it, it's hard to findnsomeone whose company you enjoy ... let alone someone who isn'tnafter your money!\" \"I'mnnot after your money, Robert.\" Catherine said quietly, her eyesnbeginning to dance. \"ThanknGod for THAT, since there isn't that much of it. Paying to keepnMary Beth in Shelby House took care of most of it. And you can bendamn sure that I'm not after YOUR money either. Now ...\" henpaused, and looked at her sideways, \"I COULD be accused of beingnafter your ... body ...\" \"ROBERT!\" \"Catherine,nI told Jaclyn and Lori that I am now hoping to find the same sort ofnlove Mary Beth and I shared ... and this time I hope to share thatnlove with you.\" Againnand again their lips met, their hands travelled and explored ...ntheir love exploded. Then Catherine answered his unspoken question. n\"Yes, Robert ... but ... here? I thought ... the cabin ...\" Hengroaned. \"Yes, I had thought that too ... but ... but I don'tnwant to wait ...\" \"Forbearancenand restraint are good for the soul. Waiting builds character, too.\" \"Whonthe hell cares?\" Hencradled her head in his hands, sensation skidded through her likenfire and her whole body tightened from the heat of it. She slid hernhands over his shoulders and pulled him closer and he kissed her morendeeply, his hot mouth drawing her with him into a dark, sensualnplace. Something began to build in her, a need so long suppressednthat she did not think she would be able to push it back again, andnfrankly, she didn't want to. And then his mouth was on her neck,ntrailing kisses, his tongue teasing that tender spot at the base ofnher throat, touching her with fire. She whimpered. \"Stopnme now, Catherine,\" he whispered, \"or I'm not stopping. Notntonight. Even if I have another heart attack!\" Shenmet his eyes again, saw her own need mirrored there, and shook hernhead, her decision made. \"I don't want you to stop.\" Henkissed her as if she was everything he had ever wanted and as if hencouldn't get enough of her. That made her want him more. \"You'renmaking me crazy,\" he murmured against her lips. \"Crazy'snnot the word for it!\" she said on a gasp. Henkissed her throat, her cheeks, her forehead, her hair, and she knew,nwithout a doubt, that she wanted this man. That thought made hernpause, and she knew Robert instantly felt her hesitation because henpulled back to look at her. \"Are you really all right with this?\"n His eyelids were heavy, he was drunk with passion. Thensense of freedom was incredible as she faced her fear of loving andnlosing once more, and stepped over it. \"Oh yes ... yes, indeed!\"n She grasped the front of Robert's shirt and pulled him toward her,nslowly opening every button and kissing his chest all the way down tonhis stomach. Shenheard his breath catch and smiled against his skin, knowing it wasnher having this effect on him. She didn't want this moment to end.n Her breath sighing out, she straightened, running her hands back upnhis chest to frame his face. She searched Robert's eyes, foundnwhat she was looking for, and smiled. \"Oh yes,\" she repeatednhuskily. Allnshe got was a grunt. Marvelling that such a small, inarticulatensound could convey so much smug male triumph, she was ready whennRobert's mouth crushed hers. Catherine's hands slicked over hisnshoulders and down his back. Tight, hot swirls built within hernbody, and she rather thought she might die at the nearness of him. nShe could feel his heart beating against hers, could feel thenstrength of his need for her, and the tremble of her own neednbuilding. Andnthen she was down on the sofa and stretched beneath him, revelling innthe heat of his skin and the feel of his hard body against hers. Henkissed her deeply and thoroughly; pressed against her, stroked hernand tormented her. The blood pounded in her veins and the pressurenbuilt until she broke, arching towards him as the world exploded intonwhite heat. A groan ripped from her throat. Eyes squeezed tight,nCatherine let the waves crash through her. Robert held her while shenfloated back to earth. Her eyelids fluttered up to see smug malentriumph on his face. She smiled. Hisnmouth came down on hers, hot and insistent once more. Catherine feltnthe dizzying thrill as the world tilted deliciously when he lovednher. The weight of him on her, and his mouth possessing hers, drovenher up and over the brink again. Afterwards,nas they lay spooned together, their breathing gradually returning tonnormal, Catherine said, \"This is the kind of love that I want in mynlife ... the kind of love I've found with you, Robert. I lovenyou.\" \"Sonthat means you'll marry me?\" \"Mmhmmn... as long as Lori and Jaclyn agree.\" \"Theynwill. They do. This is true love, Catherine, that we've found fornthe second time in our lives. It's a miracle ... but it happens. nTrue love is an acceptance of all that is, has been, will be, andnwill not be. I ... I never thought I'd be this happy again in mynlife.\" \"Norndid I,\" Catherine agreed softly. \"I guess what I heard the othernday is right ... that the happiest people don't necessarily have thenbest of everything; they just make the best of everything they have.\" Forna moment there was silence, then Robert pulled her closer and growlednin her ear, \"I do hope you're not saying that you're just goingnto make the best of it with me because I'm all you can get!\" Catherinenchuckled. \"No, that's not it at all ... I was just speakingnmetaphorically!\" \"Right.\" \"Really,nit came from my heart ... I am the happiest person in the world rightnnow. I'm just, well, still a little worried about Lori andnJaclyn.\" \"Intold you they were all right with this. Don't you believe me?\" \"ShouldnI?\" \"No.n Not as a general rule. But in this case, yes. And this isnheartfelt ... they know I love you, and they are willing to acceptnyou just because of that for now ...\" \"That'snsweet ...\" \"Hmmm.n But you can't be the happiest person in the world right now.\" \"Whynnot?\" Catherine's voice was drowsy. She hadn't felt so satednand loved for a long, long time. \"BecausenI am ... and that is from MY heart ... the heart you helped keepnbeating ... for you.\" Catherinenrolled over in his arms, carefully, so as not to push him off thensofa. \"Really?\" she asked softly. \"Crossnmy heart and hope to ... damn it, I'm NOT saying that! I'm gonnanLIVE and LOVE ... in the real world, where there are second chancesneven for a character like me and a woman of science like you!\" andnhis mouth covered hers again. ThenEnd ","Summary":" Title:n Heart-felt Rating:n T – with a bit of angst thrown in to go with the romance! LOL Summary:n"},{"Movie":"Country Strong","Title":"Something Permanent","Author":"stabatmater","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11547915","Passage":"[Chapter 1] „Well, goddamn.\" She was standing in the door, looking slightly uncertain, as if she feared to be unwelcome in the dimly lit bar. Her eyes sought his and locked, as if he was her sheet anchor. Smiling widely, he bent towards the microphone again and said, „I'd like to bring a friend out on stage. A wonderful songwriter I met in Nashville…\" She laughed and shook her head at the same time. Was she still doubting herself? Well, he would have to pull her out of it, then. \"And she just so happens to be here tonight. We welcome to stage Miss Chiles Stanton.\" Everyone applauded politely as she sat down next to him and gave him this special what-are-you-doing-I-didn't-agree-to-this look of hers. He had been missing it, mostly because it was immediately followed by the oh-well-actually-I-don't-mind-at-all look, just like now. Beau reluctantly averted his eyes from her to correct his musical annunciation. \"This one's called Give in to me.\" I'm gonna wear you down I'm gonna make you see I'm gonna get to you, you're gonna Give in to me You're gonna take my hand Whisper the sweetest words And if you're ever sad, I'll make you laugh, I'll Chase the hurts Come on, come on Into my arms Come on Come on Come on Give in to me \"So, Miss Chiles Stanton\", he said when they walked towards the parking lot together. \"What're you doing here?\" She laughed, it was a nervous little laugh with which she started her sentences if she was unsure of what she should say. \"I'm staying at the hotel\", pointing at the tall building across the road, \"but I intend to stay a little longer…maybe find something permanent.\" His heart skipped a beat as he realised what she might be implying. He cleared his throat. \"Well, I've never had the pleasure to stay there, but people have been saying that that hotel is something of a fleabag.\" She shrugged, still avoiding his glance. \"There's a bed and a bathroom and breakfast. No fleas so far – although I haven't exactly been looking for them.\" She grinned and leaned against his truck. He shoved both hands in his pockets and raised both eyebrows. \"How about you come over and stay at my place? I promise it's much more comfortable.\" \"That sounds…\" She hesitated, then gave herself a little push. \"That sounds good. I'll just go get my toothbrush from the hotel, yes?\" \"I'll wait here.\" He grinned as she awkwardly stepped out of the small space between him and the truck and jogged towards the hotel. When Chiles returned, she was carrying a black holdall. Beau, who was already sitting on the driver's seat, shot her a glance. \"That's a pretty big bag for a toothbrush\", he remarked. Chiles sat beside him and turned her face away but he saw her blush anyway. \"It's…the right size for what's included by a woman's definition of 'toothbrush'.\" They didn't speak much during the drive. When Beau pulled up in front of his door and helped her get out of the truck, she had a stunned expression on her face. He could see how she took everything in, the old building, the dark shapes of the even older trees growing to both its sides, and most of all, the clear, starry sky. He could see the stars in her eyes, and was sure he was grinning goofily. When she shuddered, he touched her arm. \"Let's go inside. 'S warmer there.\" She followed him without question. He unlocked the door and went in. \"I'd let you go first but there's no light here and the switch is at the other end of the room\", he called apologetically, making his way through the darkness and finally pressing the switch. Chiles closed the door behind her. \"You know, Beau, there's no need to be so courteous.\" He laughed. \"'Kay. Just leave your bag uncourteously on the floor while I go get the old mustard glasses for a drink.\" Then he went to the kitchen, shoving a pair of dirty work boots towards the back door as he went by. When he had just found two clean, undamaged wine glasses in the upper cupboard, he heard her call, \"Shall I take off my shoes before I come in?\" Carefully, he put the glasses on the table and returned to the kitchen door. \"Y'know, Chiles, there ain't no need to be so courteous.\" She rolled her eyes but smiled. \"I'm serious, Beau. Dirty footprints on the floor are nothing to be taken lightly. Now…do you want me to take off my shoes?\" \"Actually\", he answered lightly, although his voice was raw and his heart beating faster than a drum when he approached her and placed a hand on her cheek, \"I'd like you to take off everything, not just the shoes.\" They lay next to each other. The stillness of the moment was like a warm blanket wrapped around both of them, it aligned with the darkness and the feeling of peace and calmness in his mind. He felt her hair brush against his shoulder when she said his name. \"Beau.\" \"Hmm?\" \"Maybe this is the kind of permanent I was looking for.\" ","Summary":" „Well, goddamn.\" She was standing in the door, looking slightly uncertain, as if she feared to be "},{"Movie":"Country Strong","Title":"I See You In My Dreams, I See Your Face","Author":"thenameissnix","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7661098","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Kelly looked down at James. If only she could tell him everything is OK. She decided to visit him and tell him. She went into his dreams. James could've swore he saw Kelly. He wasn't making it up he knew he did. James take my hand - Yep that was her. He took her hand. He had to ask one thing: \"Why are we strangers when Our love is strong Why carry on without me?\" \" Every time I try to fly I fall without my wings I feel so small I guess I need you baby\" She replied. \"And every time I see you in my dreams I see your face, it's haunting me I guess I need you baby\" Kelly couldn't take it anymore she told him: \" I make believe That you are here It's the only way I see clear What have I done You seem to move on easy And every time I try to fly I fall without my wings I feel so small I guess I need you baby And every time I see you in my dreams I see your face, you're haunting me I guess I need you baby I may have made it rain Please forgive me My weakness caused you pain And this visit is my sorry\" James had to tell her what he's been feeling: \"At night I pray That soon your face Will fade away\" Kelly: why? do you miss me? James: of course I do, but it kills me that you did that. \" And every time I try to fly I fall without my wings I feel so small I guess I need you baby And every time I see you in my dreams I see your face, you're haunting me I guess I need you baby\" ","Summary":" Kelly looked down at James. If only she could tell him everything is OK. She decided to visit him a"},{"Movie":"Country Strong","Title":"Love don't let me down","Author":"countryfan1993","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9228487","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my First time writing a fanfiction , I'm running out of ideas! what else would you guys like to see! Love don't let me down (Country strong Fan fiction) 'Some things never Change' James Canter awoke around eight AM it was Monday morning, Monday the day he made himself go the local support group of lost loved ones for Kelly it had been two and half years since Kelly overdosed herself in Dallas. He blamed himself for her death since he hadn't managed anyone in two and half years after the country singer's death was headlined around the nation, around the world that it hit each and every one of her fans that were so dedicated and loyal to the blonde. James walked in the bathroom for a minute he hadn't shaved since god knew when, everything still smelt like her perfume even after two years he was still grieving naturally. Showering he finally managed to squeeze in time to Shave before he got dressed and grabbed his Keys for the SUV after Kelly he had never thought he would find another angel like her again in his life how was he going to keep on living life the same way as he did without her. \" I miss you Kell\" he whispered looking at the house before pulling out the drive way the clock on the dashboard read 8:30 AM thanking god he had time to stop at Starbucks before actually entering into Nashville, Swinging By Starbucks nobody even cared if he was once married to a country singer that their marriage was high profile. Kelly's fans were still the same as always when it came to James blaming him partially for his fault of the singers death, no right or wrong answer James just couldn't give it to them all he could say was he missed her and it was nobody's fault. Finally arriving in being greeted by counselor James saw a flock of people a middle sized group which wasn't too bad for Nashville. Chairs sat around in a circle and James could Take anyone of them when he did he saw a blonde walk through the door, wearing a Black top, Blue Jeans and a pair of sliver high heels following. He was blown away by the look of her smile she was wearing as she entered the room as she took her seat, when people took their seats and began introducing themselves and their stories it made him feel so unconfutable, the Blonde stood up \" I'm Rayna O' Connor I'm a Mother of three girls 16, 6, 2 years of age\" she began as his dark eyes watched her. \" My husband Charles was killed in a head on collusion four months ago\" A tear had slid down her face as she spoke it was Breaking his heart and he knew he was going to be next, his own heartbreak was probably relatable to other people in the room \" James would you Like to stand up? \" a voice spoke as he looked up nodding. The man's own heart was aching \" I'm James\" he began as they spoke their greeting \" My wife Kelly was overdosed on alcohol in Dallas on her last tour..\" his tears were forming god it hurt like hell for him, It felt wrong he was in a group where people had their own stories. Nothing ever felt right to him anyway it was weird with ten or so eyes staring at him. \"she's been gone two years now\" Rayna's brown eyes stared at him she had never seen a more beautiful man then James Canter standing up and talking about the loss of Kelly, god had blessed him with such a gorgeous face. Rayna kept her composure of wanting to hold him just in case he cried. Two hours went by and the first session was over and he did it, He did it! Kelly would have been so proud of him. Walking out Rayna rushed over to him \"James!\" she called capturing his attention as the man in the suit stopped in his tracks, \" Hi There Rayna\" he greeted putting on a smile as she stopped \" I'm glad you came today actually, you did well\" she complimented him on how strong he was to do that. Chuckling he replied \" Thank you It hasn't been easy at all\" he replied he wasn't going to be an Ass to her right now as he wanted to be because he deep down inside angry at Kelly. \" I know how that is.. and I'm sorry about Kelly and the unborn Baby\" her sympathy was so polite he just couldn't help it he was in awe. \" Thanks, I've got some things to do I'll see you next week?\" he asked softly as she nodded \"I'll be here\" she replied, as He left he stopped at the florist to get some flowers down on Kelly's grave the pain still hit him like a damn knife in the heart or a bullet in the chest. As he drove into the cemetery he shivered the first time in two years he'd been here ","Summary":" This is my First time writing a fanfiction , I'm running out of ideas! what else would you guys lik"},{"Movie":"Country Strong","Title":"Diary of a Country Barbie and a Cowboy","Author":"Tara Laurel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9320725","Passage":"[Chapter 1] TITLE: Diary of a Country Barbie and a Cowboy CHAPTER/TITLE: Chapter One/This is My Life RATING: T (language and mature content) SUMMARY: What does it take to be truly strong? How far would you go for love? How do you tell someone else about your life, your past, when you don't even know the first thing about yourself? This story follows Beau and Chiles post-movie, their struggles, their love, their journey together - and those they had apart. Can love survive? - Can they? Post-movie. Rated T for language and romance. Read, Enjoy, Review, Repeat. A/N: First Country Strong fanfic, but most certainly not my first GH fanfic. Chapter One: This Is My Life When I was little, my mother used to sing me to sleep. I remember she would always smell like strawberries in the summertime. Her voice was like cream and no matter how tried I was, I would ask her to sing just one more time. I remember my father's porcupine chin rubbing against my forehead as he kissed me goodnight. I remember the fading of my innocence. I remember when the strawberries died and were replaced by stale whiskey and cheap cigarettes. I remember no longer asking her to sing. I remember when the porcupine no longer came. I've spent a good majority of my life inventing a storybook family. I told these make believe dreams for so long that even I began to believe the candy-coated lies. I forgot the way my cheek turned warm and red after my father's hand had grown tiresome of holding is PBR. I forgot what the biting bitterness and loneliness felt like. I forgot the hurt. Or at least, I thought I did. It's a funny thing when you parents go to prison. Half the kids will tease you mercilessly until your tears feel like pieces of yourself bleeding out. The other half are too afraid of you to even spare you a glance. I knew the feeling of hundreds of eyes on me before I ever stepped on a stage. Hello. I'm Chiles Stanton. This is my life. ","Summary":" TITLE: Diary of a Country Barbie and a Cowboy CHAPTER/TITLE: Chapter One/This is My Life RATING: T "},{"Movie":"Country Strong","Title":"When You Were Mine","Author":"falling into wonderland","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6919615","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello :) Just a quick heads up before you read the story- I haven't written in the longest time so I'm still pretty rusty. Hopefully its ok. I am in love with Chiles and Beau and wanted to do a few stories on them. Yes, this can be a full length story but only if people like it. Enjoy! PS: For those of you who haven't got the DVD (got it on Saturday, and watched it 2 times already!) This is based off the original ending. But please don't let it stop you from reading. :) She wasn't coming, he reasoned. After their fight in Nashville, there really had been no reason to. He'd been an asshole, he knew, but she had been just as stubborn. Sometimes he wondered if she still loved him. Chiles was never far from his mind these days. Over and over he would scan the weekly entertainment headlines, half-wishing to see her name. Chiles was probably making it big in Nashville singing that bubble gum country crap people called music. He was almost disappointed in her. Chiles was amazingly talented, capable of so much more then a beauty queen. He'd seen her show the world what she could do. She'd made him think and it was her who inspired so many of his new songs, along with Kelly. He just wished he could play them for her. There had been many new girls in his life. Sometimes they filled the voids inside of him, sometimes he had too many drinks. But whatever the reason, he would continually find himself dreaming of Chiles, wondering what she was doing at that moment. He missed her, there was no denying it. Back in Nashville, Chiles Stanton was finishing recording Summer Girl. It was one of her favorite songs, especially to play live but ever since Beau talked to her, she felt a pang of regret for not living up to his standards. She'd wanted to go to California with him, always had since he had brought it up. While her lips said yes, her head seemed to be flashing a red stop light. Why was she rushing into a decision like that? Plotting to somehow get away from her parents and into a better life had taught her more then to throw away everything she'd ever worked for. One simple wrong decision could lead to the collapse of all those plans. But Beau... She shook her head, trying to rid him of her thoughts. Beau would never understand what she was doing here. This was the life she'd wanted, the life she craved for ever since her parents were imprisoned. She would no longer have to live under the title \"jail girl\" and would never have to settle down in one place. Going to California with Beau would change all that she knew. If she went to California, she would never have the chance again to live her dreams. If she ever saw Beau again she might not be able to let him go. It was hard enough the first time, but the second time just might break her. She couldn't have that happen again. Even though she was hopelessly in love with him. -Crosses fingers people like it- Reviews and brutal honesty are welcome. As long as you don't tell it to my face that it sucks, feel free to tell me online! I will continue if people want it! ","Summary":" Hello :) Just a quick heads up before you read the story- I haven't written in the longest time so "},{"Movie":"Country Strong","Title":"Secretly Hidden","Author":"nikascott","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7731164","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's note : One shot. Chiles' hidden feelings for Beau. Pre movie/movie time. FIRST attempt at writing in English. Be gentle. It wasn't supposed to happen like that because he wasn't supposed to say the things he did and they sure weren't supposed to make me feel this way. Feelings. For him. I've been having them secretly hidden since the day we've met. I wasn't supposed to fall for him quicker that I heard him speak and yet I did. Fell. In his eyes I was the fallen one before I even spread my wings. He was all about honesty and truth and for him I was just another fake fame wannabe who wanted to shine. Oh I shined. I shined every time he looked at me and every time his words were pointed at my direction. They hurt for most of the time. Piercing thought my heart like a sword and yet all I was able to do was smile back. This I couldn't resist. I couldn't resist him. So is he a keeper? – I asked Jean when we were driving back from a country fair she was singing at, praying for a next word coming out of her best friends' direction being a NO. Denial would be a good thing because it would take him out of her life as quick as he appeared in it and that was what she wanted right now, to never see him again. To never be a subject to his sarcasm and a victim of his…wonderful blue eyes and knee weakening smile. Well …Jean started, making a face that sure was to be followed by a YES and then she sort of frowned and said: not really… I mean, he's kind of great but I have a feeling I won't be seeing him again. Well, too bad - she shrugged her arms and quickly moved on to another subject - So how did you like Annabel Rita's dress? Pretty revealing, don't you think? Revealing was something I hoped I wasn't when being around him. Sure I tried to dismiss his arguments and act like I can stand my ground but I couldn't fight those sparks in his eyes. I couldn't fight this natural need of releasing half smiles now and then, hoping he won't notice what he does to me. Has he noticed or not wasn't a problem at that time because if Jean won't be seeing him that means she won't be seeing him either. Perfect. And then, seven and a half months later, there he was, standing in front of me and it was like all those days passed in a blink of an eye. There I was again, hiding my true feelings for him and there he was, not making it easy for the feelings to stay hidden. It's just one night, few songs, one chance to grab, being in the same place with him and then they will go separate ways. Now obviously that wasn't God's plan. What he planned for her that night was another take on being humiliated in front of him. I should specialize in that, I thought to myself standing on stage and feeling like the cold breeze of freeze is taking over. I saw him in a back laughing, or maybe just smiling, or maybe just wishing he was elsewhere. Elsewhere was definitely a place she wanted to be. The lights were awfully bright and people started to mingle, talking and paying less and less attention to what was happening on stage. I turned away from the audience trying to catch a full breath to be able to face them again and then I heard his voice. He saved her that night but the truth was he saved her a long time ago. The end ","Summary":" Author's note : One shot. Chiles' hidden feelings for Beau. Pre movie/movie time. FIRST attempt at "},{"Movie":"Country Strong","Title":"Bitter","Author":"Bem3373","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7659366","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Bitter By: Bem3373 I've been thinking about this story for a while, and if I get enough reviews then I think I will continue it past a one shot, but if not then it will be a one shot. \"Don't.\" Said Beau. He sounded, almost helpless. It was the one time she had ever heard him sound like he had a loss of words. \"Don't what?\" She replies cruelly. *Two hours earlier* Chiles opens the white door and closes it behind her. Waiting for her is James Canter, with a stern look on his face. \"You called me?\" She says in her high pitched, sugar sweet voice. \"Yes. I wanted to speak to you about your career. It's come to my attention that your father and mother are both in prison for violent crimes. You lied about that.\" His voice is so mean and hurtful that it shocks Chiles. He continues \"You came from a dirt poor trailer trash family, and you never won Miss Dallas now did you?\" Chiles looks down sadly and nods slightly. \"You wouldn't have amounted to anything in your miserable life if it weren't for me. I made you a star. And I can take that all away. The only problem is that I have a problem with liars. I can't stand bitchy prom queen girls who sleep their way to the top. In fact, you probably will. I can see you now. Your mother was a whore. And you are too. Now you better straighten yourself out before I throw you on the streets and leave you with the rest of the trash.\" \"I'm sorry Mr. Canter. I didn't mean to lie-\" There are tears flowing freely down her face, but he doesn't care. He interrupts her by saying \"Oh shut up you sorry piece of shit. I'm not done talking to you.\" \"Stop. Please. Just stop.\" Chiles whispers. \"Are you telling me what to do? You have no authority here! You just need to quite yourself and be a good little dog like you always are.\" Chiles starts sobbing, and James laughs. On the other side of the door Beau listens and finally throws open the door and pushes James against the wall. He motions for Chiles to leave the room before saying \"Now, I'm getting tired of your bullshit. You leave her alone or I'll just have to make you. Do you understand?\" James nods and Beau lets him go. He turns around and then quickly turns around and punches him across the face. Content with his job, he walks quickly to Chile's hotel room where he finds her sobbing on the ratty bed. \"Go away. Just go!\" She yells, turning away from him. \"No. Chiles, I'm not going anywhere. Look at me.\" \"Oh please. - She turns towards him and laughs cruelly- you think you can fix everything? You can't do shit. Just leave me alone and get out of my life.\" To that, he replies \"Don't.\" Says Beau. He sounded, almost helpless. It was the one time she had ever heard him sound like he had a loss of words. \"Don't what?\" She replies cruelly. \"Don't be one of those people who turn bitter because of people who treat you bad. Don't become what they want you to become. Don't let them change you into a bitch because of their bullshit that they force on you. Just don't.\" Chiles turns away from him. She couldn't stand being the reason for his frown. She couldn't look at him anymore. Chiles stands up quickly, but she's stopped by Beau's hand wrapped around her wrist. \"Chiles. Stop running away from problems. Just because they're there, doesn't mean that they will end badly.\" She turns towards him and frowns and closes her eyes. She walks towards him, and he takes her hand, pulling her onto him where he hesitates above her lips for a couple of moments before finally kissing her. She kisses back passionately and they lean back onto the bed, wrapped up into each other, unaware of anything else. Please review if you want me to continue! I have a lot of ideas, but I need some motivation! ","Summary":" Bitter By: Bem3373 I've been thinking about this story for a while, and if I get enough reviews the"},{"Movie":"Country Strong","Title":"Leaving Me Lonely","Author":"Lady Spezz","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10827000","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Beau was glad it was the last song of the night. Her chestnut hair looked dull under the low lighting, and she had no makeup on. No lipstick, no dark stage eyeshadow and careful eyeliner, no tight pleather dress and six inch heels. He liked her better like this. All wide brown eyes and careful smile. When had the song become about them? Maybe when she finished the chorus. Added her own verse and handed him the paper next to the hotel elevator. He had mocked her for it. But her words were better than his own. He hadn't even minded in the end, not when she looked at him like that. Like she didn't know the next phrase out of his mouth or the nod of his head in time with the beat, urging her on. Everything with Chiles was sorta like foreplay, yet sorta like arguing. It had started as instant dislike. She had been pretty, standing next to her friend at the cotton candy vendor. He hadn't even been interested much in the friend, but she had been easier. He never had to work to get women, and he sure as hell wasn't gonna work for Miss Dallas. Chiles hadn't thought much of him at first either. She had rolled her eyes as he left with her friend. He had laughed at her when she couldn't get the words out onstage. But he felt bad. And then somewhere along the way he had started to work for her. He knew the second she called after him in the dressing room. The abrupt change in her voice, the insecurity back as she said his name. But he had forced himself to turn, to see the expression on her face. There was no way in hell she'd leave the Tennessee Tour to play in a run-down honky-tonk with him once a week. And then after Kelly had downed the bottle of anti-depressants, he couldn't bring himself to fight for anything anymore. So he threw some boxes into the back of his Ford and left. Cut his hair and shaved his face more than once a month. He tried not to think about her. Either of them. It was harder not to think about Chiles. He had to selectively choose radio stations, avoid CMT, couldn't date a brunette. She was Miss Next-Carrie-Underwood and her face was always plastered on the papers he got in from Nashville or Dallas. The young girls who came to the ranch to ride horses played Summer Girl loudly from their iPods, dancing the way he had seen Chiles do it onstage or when he had caught a glimpse of a music video one night on a bar tv. He never expected her to show up unannounced. Not ten months later. God, he could look at her all night. Her lips never closed all the way and she leaned forward as if he were the most interesting thing in the bar. She was practically in his lap she leaned so close. She smelled familiar, some floral scent he was sure was permanently implanted inside his nose, or in the gums beneath his teeth. He barely even realized the song had ended, and only when she broke eye contact with him to smile at the cheering Saturday night regulars did he snap out of it. He smiled small, then laughed when she flipped her hair over her shoulder to look at him. He grinned like a god damned idiot. It was closing on midnight, so they said goodnight and stepped off-stage. He took the automatic step to the left to where his guitar case always sat. Chiles didn't follow him, but she didn't walk away either. She just looked at him with that open-mouthed expression. He tried not to stare at her, rubbing the sharp end of his nose as he gently placed his guitar back in its case, tucking the strap in beside it. He closed it and clasped each end. \"I need a drink,\" he said to Chiles, passing her, unable to keep his hand from reaching out and touching her bare arm, circling her elbow. He leaned closer, dropping his voice in her ear. \"You want one?\" He didn't wait for her answer, making his way past the still-full tables as the radio came on over the speakers along the wood-panel wall. He knew she was behind him and he waited for her to sit at the bar before he sat next to her, laying one forearm on the sticky surface and the other clutching the back of his stool. Without asking, the bartender cracked open a PBR and slid it across to him. \"Thanks, Jerry,\" Beau nodded. \"Get Stanton here a rum and coke. Lotsa ice.\" Jerry glanced over at Chiles, appraising her from under bushy eyebrows and a light frown. A flick of two bottles and a clink of ice, and a high ball glass was sat in front of her. \"On the house,\" Jerry said gruffly, walking down the counter to tend to someone else. \"Well, that was sweet,\" Chiles smiled, taking a dainty sip. She wiped the drop of alcohol off her lower lip with her thumb. \"What you doin here?\" Beau can't stop the question, even though he knew he didn't want the answer. \"Take a wrong turn on the World Tour?\" He gave a smile, his lips pulling back to show his teeth. It was a light quip, one they used to dance around all the time. Quick poke here, kiss there, and a tease to end it. Chiles shook her head at him, her eyes not leaving his. \"I missed you.\" His smile dropped as he concentrated on keeping her gaze. \"You did?\" He lifted a hand and tilted the brim of his hat back to get a better gauge of her expression. \"Yeah.\" She laughed softly, leaning forward, not touching him, just smiling. Beau glanced away, shifting a bit to take a drink off his bottle, looking down the length of the bar to where no one was paying attention. He looked back at her. \"C'mon, Stanton. I got better beer than this at home.\" He stood up, fixing the unbuttoned sleeves on his plaid shirt. \"I'll see ya next Saturday, Jerry.\" \"See ya, Beau,\" Jerry replied gruffly, giving him a steady glance over his long grey beard. \"Truck's round back,\" Beau muttered as he dropped a hand to the small of Chiles' back, lightly pressing her in the direction of the back hall where a red Exit sign flickered pathetically. He grabbed his guitar case on the way by the stage, not removing his hand from the cotton material Chiles wore. He wasn't sure where they were going, or what they were doing. He didn't give a damn either. He moved his hand from her back to her upper arm to guide her down the rickety stairs at the back of the badly lit alley. She didn't gush at his help like other girls would, and he let her go once they turned the corner to where he had parked four hours earlier. His guitar went in the flatbed, carefully wedged between lengths of rope and a toolbox, and Chiles climbed into the cab. He had barely slammed the truck door shut when she leaned back over, smelling like flowers, her hair in loose waves and her hands pushing the hat off his head. Her lips tasted like coke, her tongue like rum and he dragged her closer, grabbing the leather belt holding her jeans up, his other hand pushing the hem of her flimsy blue top over her ribs. There had been other girls in the past 10 months. None of importance. None that fit so well against him. Just easy ones that only needed a bat of the eye and a country purr to drop their skirts. The clink of his belt as her hands dropped to fumble with the buckle brought his eyes back open. He broke the kiss, his tongue slipping from her mouth. She tried to kiss him again but he cradled her face in his large palms, keeping her steady. \"Chiles,\" he said softly, his breath exhaling in a short chuckle. \"What're you doin?\" \"Showin you I missed you,\" she whispered back, her brown eyes unsure even with her lips swollen. \"Didn't you miss me, Beau Hutton?\" Her lips then closed in a well-placed pout. Someone had taught her that in the last 10 months and it made his stomach churn uncomfortably. He sighed. \"Yeah, Darlin', I missed you.\" Beau gently pressed her back into her own side of the bench, glancing through the window to the bar door. \"But in two minutes Ol Jerry's gonna come through that door to toss the trash. Rather not get interrupted.\" He tugged his shirt back into place, searching for his hat on the truck floor. \"Ranch is just few miles outta town. We'll get there in 10 minutes.\" He looked back at her, seeing if she'd chicken out. Maybe she just came by to kiss and flirt, but not actually stay. But that wasn't Chiles. She never went places she didn't want to. She smiled and nodded, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand. \"Sure, Beau.\" \"Alright. C'mon.\" He lifted his arm up and she left her half of the cab to settle against his side. \"You gotta switch gears for me now,\" he said, glancing in the mirror as he started the truck. Chiles reached out and took the gear shift, moving it down to second as he pressed the clutch in. The Ford sputtered and they pulled onto the empty road. His radio was broken, so they drove in silence, the bumpy rural road sending her jaw deeper into the crook of his chest. The ranch was dark and silent. He pulled around the dirt driveway to the back of the house, parking in his usual spot next to Earle's Chevrolet. Chiles shifted as he opened the truck door and she slipped out his side. \"Wrong way,\" he said quietly as she started toward the main house. He reached back to get his guitar while he nodded in the direction of the stables. The original homestead still stood there, smaller, only three rooms and a porch. \"Oh.\" Chiles looked at the outbuilding apprehensively. \"Don't worry,\" Beau teased, passing her, walking the familiar path along the fence. \"Got runnin water and everything.\" \"Beau, wait!\" Chiles laughed as he left her standing by the front of the truck. \"I can't see! It's dark as hell out here-\" She squeaked as she stumbled to find her footing and he waited patiently until she reached him. He took her hand with his free one, leading her the rest of the way across the worn grass. \"Three steps here,\" he said, pausing by the foot of the porch. \"Well, I can see those ,\" Chiles muttered, squinting in the dark. Beau laughed at her, unable to help himself as he swung open the screen door, stepping inside, pulling her with him. He dropped his guitar case in its place by the door, pushing his weight forward on Chiles to pin her back against the wall. One hand went to her hip as the other tipped the brim of his hat back. \"You still want that drink?\" he asked, unable to keep the purr out of his voice. It was something he used at last-call, to close a deal, or distract a girl away from her friends. He had used it with Chiles before. It had landed her in his bed more than once, but it wasn't enough to entice her to California. Not at first. He swallowed back things he never wanted to think about. \"Okay,\" she whispered after a brief second. His eyes were still adjusting to the darkness, but he could see the outline of her face, the glisten in her eyes, the flash of white teeth as her lips opened, waiting. He took the last step forward, his knee dragging between her legs as he used both hands to lift her hips up onto his, her ankles linking around his thighs. He heard his hat fall off his head as Chiles wrapped her arms around his neck. The kiss was harsher than the last and he knew immediately where it was headed. Not that he hadn't back at the bar. Chiles was digging her nails into the back of his neck as he felt along the wall, trying to find the doorway to the second room where he slept. He nearly fell through it, stubbing the toe of his boot on the box of books that had been sitting there for 10 months. The room always smelled dusty, like dirt and grass and sweat. He hadn't cared before, but then he was lying Chiles down on bedsheets that hadn't been washed in a month. Her hands were back at his belt, pulling the buckle loose and he pulled his mouth from hers to drag his shirt down his arms. He scrambled back to kick his boots off, dropping his jeans and boxer shorts at the same time, hooking his thumb in the hem of his undershirt to flick it over his head. Chiles had managed to remove her blue top, and he chuckled as he reached down to help her out of her tight jeans, her boots falling off her feet as he pulled the denim off her calves. She wore matching bra and panties, white lace that he could see even in the blackness of the room. She felt like he remembered. Pale skin and warm thighs pressed around him, long fingernails in his hair and then his ribs. Her lips stayed open, and her eyes stayed shut, her shallow breathing loud in his ears as he buried his mouth in her shoulder. Her heels dug into the small of his back and he shifted his weight, sliding a hand up the underside of her thigh and pushing it outward, letting her knee fall down to the bed. He kept it there with the width of his palm, his fingers pulling at the flesh as she turned her head to kiss him again. They lay in silence, although Beau was sure she could still hear the pounding of his heart. The November air in northern California was warm, but it only took one shiver for him to drag his old patch quilt over her, wrapping her up in it tight. He slipped his arm around her waist and settled behind her, his nose buried in the back of her hair. He meant to wait until she fell asleep, but he gave in to it first. Sunday was his one day off, but he still woke up in the darkness around 430. He heard the screen door bang on the main house as Earle left to tend to the cattle herd in the east field. His two border collies came up onto the outbuilding porch, sniffing at the door and one of them offering a whine before Earle's whistle drew them back to the field. He opened one eye, glancing over to where Chiles had rolled over in her sleep, the side of her face smashed against his chest, the quilt he had wrapped her in pushed down to her waist. Her hands were tucked against her chest, hiding her breasts. He exhaled, reaching up the hand not trapped under her shoulder to scrub at his jaw. Slowly, he pulled his arm free and got out of the bed. He felt around for his jeans, grabbing his belt buckle to keep it from clinking as he pulled them up his legs. He dug through his pockets, finding a half-crumpled cigarette to stick between his lips. His Zippo was in his breast pocket, wherever his shirt was. Instead, he walked back out to the kitchen and lit it with a box of matches from the cupboard. The sky was still clouded, and there was no moon to light the fields. He paused by the screen door to listen. There was the creak of a cattle gate somewhere. He blew the tobacco smoke out his nostrils. The air was so still he could hear the warning blow of a train, even 20 miles away. It always reminded him of Kelly, that tragedy and sadness she was never too good at hiding. He didn't even know how it got so out of hand, though he had already spent countless hours torturing himself over it. She was just sitting on the back deck of the rehab center, looking lost and strumming a guitar. It had just started as a way to pass the time. They'd play and laugh and life would seem a little better. But then one day she kissed him and the next he was sleeping with her. It had been flattering, and he had loved her. Loved her like a son and a friend, even though he wanted to love her like James used to. She reminded him of his own mother. Tragic and drunk. He dropped his smoked cigarette in the sink and headed to the bathroom to take a piss and wash his face. He stepped on his discarded 10-gallon on his way back to the bedroom, and quickly snatched it up and bent it back into shape. He hung it off the doorknob and silently removed his jeans again. Chiles was still how he left her, curled up on his side of the bed, hair falling over her face. It was harder to get back into bed without disturbing her. She stirred as he pulled the quilt up, covering them both. He felt her eyelashes flicker against his cheek and her arm came up to bring him closer. \"Hey,\" she whispered. \"Hey,\" Beau murmured. \"Sorry.\" He kissed her mouth briefly as his palm came up to the crook of her shoulder and neck. There was a light rash there; even his callused fingertips could feel the beard-burn the stubble on his face had left. \"Mornin already?\" Chiles asked quietly. \"Just for the crows and the cattle,\" Beau chuckled, smoothing the back of his hand down her spine. She kissed him again and he could taste the sleep on her tongue. She hooked her top leg over his, and angled her hips against him. It just took a slight adjustment and then her fingers tightened around his bicep, her mouth sighing open. He felt the groan in his chest before he could stop it. She was still relaxed from earlier, and they fit together easily. \"Beau…\" His name was hot against his cheek as he sucked on the pulse in her throat. He slipped his hand from her thigh to sneak between them, finding that part of her body that made her buck into him, earning a soft gasp and the feeling of her nails in the inside of his arm. The bed creaked softly with their movement. \"That good?\" he asked quietly against her lips, kissing her lightly, but keeping his eyes open to check her reaction. Her eyes were shut tightly, and he watched her teeth clamp down on her lower lip, not answering him. He didn't need an answer. When she finally opened her eyes, he smoothed the hair off her forehead, giving her a kiss before dropping to his back, wiping the sweat off his face with the back of his forearm. The bed shifted and she stepped out, hair trailing down over her shoulders. She padded softly across the hardwood and disappeared down the hall. He heard the toilet flush and the sink run. When she came back, she leaned over to him. \"Beau?\" \"Hh?\" he grunted, the cigarette and the sex catching up to his three hours of sleep. \"You got any food?\" They ate saltines with peanut butter. Beau had to turn on the bathroom light to see the kitchen and Chiles had sat unabashedly naked next to him on the bed, laughing as she brushed the cracker crumbs out of her hair. He smoked another cigarette or two as she fell back asleep. Most girls hated him smoking in bed. Kelly didn't like to taste the cigarette on his mouth, but Chiles never seemed to mind much. It was almost noon by the time Chiles pulled herself from his bed and showered. He had tried his best to tidy up the rest of the outbuilding while she slept, but all he could bring himself to do was wash his coffee cup and sweep the layers of dust off the hardwood floor. The ocean air always destroyed his carefully tuned guitar strings, so he spent a couple hours each day fixing them and working through the songs and lyrics he mulled over in his head while walking the cows or cleaning the stables. Lucky, the older dog, lay at his boots as he sat back in the wicker porch chair. Earle had left for town already, his Chevrolet gone from the driveway. The 'friend of a friend' was really his father's uncle, pushing 70, and who couldn't afford to pay anything more than room and board. It was peaceful work, but only half-satisfying. \"Sounds pretty,\" Chiles said suddenly, her face appearing in the screen door. Beau smiled at her, lifting a hand to push the brim of his hat out of his eyes. \"Afternoon,\" he rumbled, teasing as she came onto the porch wearing the same clothes as last night. She raised her eyebrows, stepping over the dog to slide into his lap, balancing herself on his knee as she saddled up next to his guitar. \"Yeah, late night last night,\" she laughed. Beau grinned wide. \"Some asshole causin you trouble?\" \"Somethin like that.\" She leaned in and kissed him, the light wind blowing the smell of her hair around him. He opened his eyes briefly to see hers open a second later. She left her mouth on his as she spoke softly. \"I need you to drive me back to town.\" He felt his shoulders tighten, his lips closing under hers as he pulled back, standing up so quickly Chiles basically fell right out of his lap. She threw out a hand for the wall, her fingers hitting old shingles as she took a step away. \"I should've known,\" he muttered, handling his guitar by its neck as the abrupt sound of his boots hitting the porch scared Lucky down the steps. \"Beau!\" Chiles protested, trying to look shocked, but to him she just looked guilty. \"You're leavin.\" He couldn't keep the anger out of his voice as he stomped back into the outbuilding, the slam of the door rattling the windows on the front wall. He dropped his guitar into its case before his grip tore it in two. The door banged again as Chiles followed him inside, and he ignored her by entering the second room, the crumpled pillows and stained sheets still on the bed. He was a god damn chump. \"Of course I'm leavin!\" she protested, her brown eyes wide, whisps of her damp hair flying out of its braid. \"I don't got any of my things here! Not even a change of clothes!\" Beau glanced up at her from where he was pulling a plaid shirt on over his undershirt. He was fully intending to walk into the fields with Lucky and leave Chiles to get her own spoiled ass back to town. But there was something still in her gaze. Insecurity. \"What the hell you talkin bout?\" he asked gruffly, flicking his shirt violently to turn the collar down. Chiles was staring at him, her eyes strangely glossy. She wrapped her arms around her chest, as if she was trying to keep herself together. His mouth went dry. He couldn't know what had happened in 10 months, but he'd seen too much not to have some idea. He sighed, his shoulders slouching as he dropped his hands from the sides of his shirt. She spoke before he did. \"I woke up in Nashville yesterday,\" she said quietly, her voice trembling, hands dropping to clasp together. \"I woke up, and got a cab to the airport. One-way ticket to San Francisco. And here I am.\" She didn't smile at him. Beau rubbed his palm over his jaw. \"How'd you get up here then?\" \"Rented a car.\" He blinked at her. \"Didn't know you could drive.\" She rolled her eyes at him. \"I'm not four . Of course I can drive.\" There was a silence before she crossed the threshold into the bedroom. \"All my stuff is still in Nashville-\" \"What you need stuff for?\" Beau interrupted, some of the tension lifting from his shoulders, but still a little wary as she wrapped her arms around his waist and dropped her cheek onto his chest. He raised a hand and placed his palm on the back of her neck, gently kneading his fingers into the soft skin at the nape of her hair. He drew his hands down the backs of her arms, circling her elbows. She sighed into his shirt. \"I need my clothes-\" \"You can get new clothes.\" \"And my music-\" \"We can make new music.\" And he felt himself grin despite himself, his cheeks pulling back as Chiles looked up at him in exasperation. Her mouth opened in a half-smile, her lips still a little puffy from the night before. \"I should tell James in person.\" The smile fell off his face. \"That's what phones are for.\" He practically spit the words out. \"Beau.\" She reprimanded him with a look his Gran used to make when she found him catching frogs by the creek. He swallowed, not removing his hands from where he had placed them on her slim arms, his fingers easily wrapped all the way around. \"I'm goin back to Nashville,\" she continued firmly, softly, tightening her arms around him, her hands clutching on the back of his belt. \"And then I'm comin back here.\" \"Chiles…\" He sighed, seeing the truth in her large eyes. But he knew her too well. It just took a second for her to change her mind. He'd seen it countless times before. \"Come with me,\" she whispered and he felt all the blood drop past his stomach. \"Just for a few days.\" \"I can't leave.\" It was an automatic response. He had done well to avoid Tennessee for 10 months, but all he needed was a trigger, and that resolve would be gone. And that trigger had her arms wrapped around him. Those big eyes of hers were awfully distracting. \"I gotta go to an auction with Earle on Tuesday. We gotta feed shipment in on Wednesday…\" He faded off, knowing that he had already given in. It was hard to stay mad at her with her chest pressed against him, and that happy, hopeful look on her face. Earle gave him the week. He was all too happy to get rid of him with the pretty young girl that had showed up the night before. Jed, one of the neighbour's teenage kids, would get some extra spending money to help him with the feed shipment. He even dropped them back off in town to reclaim Chiles' abandoned rental car to drive down to San Francisco. Beau had driven the six hour drive while she slept in the passenger's seat, wrapped in his brown canvas jacket. The cost of the flight had almost erased his pitiful savings. Chiles had wanted to pay for it, but he had set his mouth in a grim line and she immediately stopped offering. She was recognized by the flight attendant at the gate, and their coach tickets were suddenly exchanged for first class. He had raised his eyebrows, but didn't say anything as Chiles continued her southern girl routine, laughing and smiling. The red-eye was full, but quiet. He let Chiles have the window seat and she slept with her legs curled up beneath her, her face smashed against the airplane window, using her sweater as a pillow instead of the one provided. At the end of the night, when she got up to use the bathroom, she came back and leaned against him, watching him turn the pages in some bad murder-mystery he picked up in the SFO duty-free. He glanced down at her, seeing her eyelashes flicker as she read the words between his hands. \"Chiles.\" His voice cracked a bit with tiredness when he spoke as quietly as his baritone could get. \"Hm.\" \"How'd you know where I was?\" \"Oh, I asked the guys.\" It took a second for him to realize she meant his band. Though, they had become her band too, after everything. He tried to keep the surprise out of his voice, lifting his chin up a little so he wouldn't get her hair in his mouth. \"You talk to them?\" \"I see them around.\" They went silent and he looked across the aisle where two businessmen sat staring down at silver computers. Beau hadn't really kept in touch. Life was busy, and he had limited internet access, unreliable phone service. He knew they were touring, he just didn't know it was with Chiles. He felt guilty about it. He wasn't prepared for the madness that greeted them at the Nashville airport. Apparently the city loved country-pop just as much as California. Chiles still smiled all the way through it, though he could see the exhaustion hidden beneath her camera niceties. He kept his arm around her, the hat on his head dipped low across his eyes as he lead her through the arrivals to catch a cab. The cold inland air hit him with relief when they stepped outside and he almost hated to get into the backseat of the vehicle. They had no luggage and Chiles only carried a brown leather saddle bag. He had a duffle bag that had seen better days, lightly filled with spare shirts and toiletries. The cab driver seemed surprised at their light load. They looked at each other expectantly as he waited for their instruction. Beau had to laugh at Chiles. \"What you lookin at me for? I don't live here no more.\" Her face fell a little. \"You don't got anywhere we could go?\" \"Chiles.\" He still laughed at her concern. \"We came for your stuff. Quit pussy-footin around.\" She sighed, giving the driver an address downtown, and they pulled abruptly away from the curb. He watched the city come closer into view, his heart suddenly pounding a little further into his throat. When he left, he swore he would never be back. And now that he was back, he didn't wanna leave. They were dropped off in Germantown, next to a row of condo apartments. Chiles was blushing, fumbling with her keys as she lead him up the stairwell to a 1-bedroom on the fourth floor. Evidence of her was all over the house. There was a stand-up piano instead of a television, a line of decorative tea cups in the glass cupboards, rows of albums in the bookcase with a record player. The tiled bathroom was littered with makeup and hair accessories. Clothes were hung over backs of chairs and lines of shoes cluttered the entranceway. \"Now, how the hell are we gonna get all this stuff to California?\" he asked, grinning, trying to break some of Chiles' embarrassment. She was hurrying around, collecting all the clothes she hadn't bothered to hang up or put away. He leaned one arm on the kitchen counter as she pulled a discarded bra off a chair. \"C'mon now, Stanton, I've seen you in less than that pretty thing. Don't squirrel out on me now.\" He shrugged out of his canvas jacket, leaving it on the counter. She threw him a half-hearted glare, her face still red. When she didn't stop, he shrugged his shoulders, taking his hat off as he walked past her to her bedroom. Her bedclothes were wrinkled, but half-made and he kicked his boots off at the foot of the frame, dropping his hat over them and pulling off his clothes. Chiles stopped in the doorway, arms full of clothes, to watch him. \"What are you doin?\" she asked in confusion, dropping her armload in a basket next to her wardrobe. \"I'm takin my clothes off, what's it look like?\" he grinned, letting his jeans drop to the floor. \"Now, not like that, Chiles. Don't go blushin anymore on me.\" She laughed, raising a hand to her forehead as she watched him pull his undershirt off. \"I am a little tired.\" \"See? C'mon to bed. We'll sort it all out later.\" He pulled the blankets back and climbed in. Chiles gave him a shy smile as she started undressing and even though he was fighting to stay awake, his eyes drooped closed before she finished. The late afternoon sun poured into Chiles' bedroom and Beau woke wrapped tightly in the heavy white blankets. He looked over across the pillows to where she lay, her shock of dark hair covering most of her face. He blinked, lifting a slow hand to wipe the sleep from his eyes as he wondered what woke him. The bedroom door was slightly ajar, but he could see nothing different from the mess they had found it in that morning. He pushed himself forward, closing the gap that had opened between them as they slept. She was on her back, one of her arms thrown across the pillow and the other tucked under the blanket. Her mouth had dropped open, but she was silent as he buried his face in her neck, wrapping his arm around her thighs as he dropped back into a light doze. Her fingernails dragged through the back of his hair, down his neck and he made a sound like a contented dog. The rush of her quiet laugh ruffled his bangs. His eyes snapped open a few minutes later as the smell of coffee hit him. Lifting his head to peer again out the sliver of open doorway, he saw Chiles had drifted back to sleep. The living room was still silent. He pulled his arms back, pressing his chest up as he gave the side of her breast a passing kiss. She didn't stir and he slipped out of the bed, his feet cracking on the carpeted floor. The jeans that he had left in a heap were now across the room hung over the back of a chair. So he crept across the room wearing only his boxer shorts. He paused next to the open door, holding his breath. James Canter sat at the counter, drinking from a coffee mug that said I 3 Texas in big red letters. \"You breakin into other people's houses, or just this one?\" Beau asked sharply, his voice rumbling from sleep, pulling the bedroom door shut after him. James looked up from a thin electronic tablet perched on the granite, fixing him with an unsurprised look. \"Got another notch in the ol bedpost, huh Hoss?\" he replied, a bit of biting humour to his tone, his calculated gaze flickering to Beau's obvious state of undress. He felt his jaw clench, maybe to the truth in the older man's words. What had begun as dislike for one another had grown into something akin to hatred. Too much had happened that they couldn't ever recover from. Beau suddenly wanted to yell. \"What you doin here, James?\" he asked instead. \"Chiles' PR girl sent this to me an hour ago.\" James looked down at the tablet, tapping something on the screen. Beau took a cautious step forward to squint down at the picture in question. He saw his own hat before anything else, his face hidden, but his arm fully visible around Chiles' shoulder. She was smiling softly in the opposite direction of the camera, her eyes tired from the flight. His quick gaze found his own name on the tabloid webpage heading. \"Who gives a shit?\" Beau sighed, a cigarette craving starting in the back of his mouth. James gave him another cold staredown. \"Well, the sound engineers, producers, and label reps she left in the dust this weekend… for a start. That's twenty thousand dollars in lost studio time. You got that kinda extra cash lyin round?\" Beau snorted in disbelief. He took a step to the fridge, then one back in a short pace as he drew a hand through his mussed hair. \"You are unbelievable.\" \"You watch your tone, Kid.\" Beau could taste blood along the side of his mouth and he realized that he had ground his teeth a little too hard. \"You string her out, you're gonna have another dead girl on your hands.\" He knew it was too far before he even said the words, but that didn't erase the truth in them. He was breathing more heavily than he wanted to, his chest strangely tight. The last time the two of them had a conversation was when he confessed to the truth of his and Kelly's relationship. James had socked him with a solid right; he had spit out his molar into the hotel sink later. He still had all that anger bouncing around inside him over what had happened. He had warned James. A million times. Kelly had been foaming at the mouth when he found her. James stood, picking up the tablet. He didn't respond to the accusation, but his steps were stiff as his leather shoes clicked loudly on the hardwood. Beau watched him leave, all the unsaid words and spite still on the edge of his tongue. James glanced back over his shoulder at him as he pulled the door open. \"I'm not the only common denominator here, Beau.\" The door shut and Beau reached for his jacket still lying on the counter. He fumbled in the inside pocket, finding a half-empty pack of Marlboros. He lit one over the sink and stood there, chain-smoking his way through three cigarettes before his hands stopped shaking. Chiles was still asleep so he washed up and dressed in his usual denim and plaid. 10 months of living off cigarettes and beer, combined with farm labour six days a week, had left all his clothes a little looser, so he had to tighten his belt one more notch. He was pulling his socks on when Chiles lifted her head from the pillow. \"Beau?\" She rubbed her eyes with the heel of her palm. \"What time's it?\" \"5:05.\" He glanced at the digital alarm clock sitting on the nightside table. \"Need anything? I'm headin out for a bit.\" \"What?\" She blinked in confusion, pushing herself up onto her hands. The blankets fell to her waist and he had to smile at the sight of her. The sleep had tousled her hair, and the warmth had left a pink flush down the center of her body. \"Where?\" Beau grinned, sitting on the edge of the bed to pull his boots on. \"Where'm I goin? Pick up some things. Don't worry, Chiles, I'm comin back.\" He liked teasing her, and was rewarded with her smile. \"Alright then.\" He leaned over and gave her a chaste kiss, tickling the back of her neck with his fingers. He pulled back a fraction to watch her eyes drift back open. \"You want something?\" \"Yeah.\" Her hands gripped the collar of his shirt, and it wasn't too hard to tell what she meant. Her mouth opened again and he felt the tug beneath his stomach as he kissed her once more. Her arms wound tightly around his neck as she lifted herself up, pressing herself against the front of his clothes. He dragged his palms over her bare skin, running his knuckles down the ridge of her spine before dropping her onto her back. There were little lines criss-crossing her chest where the sheets had imprinted on her. She squirmed under him, her body bowing as his mouth dropped from her breast to her ribs, his breath leaving a visible trail. Her stomach shook and her thighs closed on either side of his head as he settled between them. It was still a bit strange, to be so intimate with her. She had been a thorn in his side for a long time before that night at The Stage. He had thought of her as nothing but a pain in the ass. She was still a pain in the ass, but he knew her now. He knew the way she looped her handwriting, how her hair curled all soft after a show, how she cleaned her earrings every night and put them in a little silk bag, how trusting her gaze was when she doted on the next lyric out of his mouth. And god damn, she felt good. As she lay there after, he pushed himself back onto his feet, fixing the buttons on his shirt that had been pulled loose, and readjusting himself in his jeans, grimacing a little. \"I swear I'm leavin now,\" he chuckled, smoothing his hair back before dropping his hat on his head. Chiles lifted herself onto her elbows. \"Can you get me a strawberry milkshake on your way back?\" He laughed, checking his pockets for his wallet. \"Alright. Anythin else?\" \"No.\" She flopped back down. \"That's it.\" The cab ride out to the rural areas east of the city put another dent in his wallet. As he stepped out of the car onto the gravel driveway, the mutt chained to the ground at the next trailer over barked at him. He made his way across the dying autumn grass, the hill that rose up behind the aging trailer dotted in golds and green. He took the front steps quietly and cupped his hands around his eyes as he leaned in to peer through the storm door. His mother was curled up on the old brown couch along the wall, a grey wool blanket covering her. She looked small and harmless. He knew better. She had made it four months in rehab before his tour money ran out, and it hadn't been enough. An empty bottle of whiskey lay on the floor next to her. Beau quietly stepped into the trailer, dropping an envelope on the table. It wasn't much, only a little over a hundred bucks, but he knew she'd spend at least half on her habit. If his stepfather found it first, then he could maybe buy her a real meal for once. He didn't linger, quietly shutting the door again and crunching across the hardened grass to where an old green Ford sat rusting. She had asked him a while ago if it even ran; he had lied and said no. Otherwise, she would've sold it to the lowest bidder, but instead she never gave it a second thought. Not if she couldn't sell it or drink it. It took a few minutes with his head in the engine to get it to start, but it eventually sputtered back to life. He left the place he grew up without a glance back. He lit another cigarette as he walked up the stairwell. He had no keys to the building, so he had waited a few minutes until somebody else came out and he quickly snuck in the shutting door. The woman and her two kids didn't even notice. He had bought Chiles' milkshake on the outskirts of town when he stopped to get gas. The woman at the diner laughed when he ordered it, and gave him an extra large for the price of a small. He drank one half waiting in traffic, and the other half was making his palm cold as he walked down the hall. He paused by the door with 402 written on it in gold letters. He stubbed his cigarette out on the doorframe, then slipped the butt into his pocket. He raised his hand to knock, but somebody banged out a frustrated chord on the piano and he stopped to listen for a minute. A tune followed in the key of E, repeating notes as better ones were found. He couldn't help but chuckle lightly, finally dropping his knuckle to the door. Soft footsteps immediately pattered across the inside floor and there was a pause until it opened. Chiles was dressed in a knee-length blue dress, fastened with a belt around her waist. Beau grinned at her as she stepped back to let him in, leaning on the door as she smiled back. \"Well, don't you look real pretty,\" he said, tipping his hat back with his knuckles, Chiles closing the door again. \"Brought you something.\" He offered the styrofoam cup and she laughed at him, taking it from him with both hands. \"Thank you.\" She took a tentative sip, then a larger one, not even commenting that half of the shake was already gone. He shrugged out of his jacket, leaving it hanging off a hook behind the front door. He hung his hat next to it. \"What you writin?\" he asked as he followed her over to the piano. She sat down on one end of the long stool, so he sat on the other. She wedged the milkshake cup between her thighs. \"Just something I've been workin on.\" She raised dark eyes to his, her gaze flickering uncertainly. \"You wanna hear it?\" He nodded once, slow, not taking his eyes from her. The diamond earrings she only took off to shower or sleep sparkled against her dark hair. It was a relief to have her back, such a relief he hadn't even realized he had fallen so hard. Her fingers fumbled with the keys, but the tune was clear. And it wasn't half bad either. \"You got lyrics to go with that?\" Beau asked her when her hands fell flat against the keys, going silent. \"Not yet.\" She leaned her shoulder against his and he lifted a hand to brush some of the stray hairs off the back of her neck. She sighed loudly. \"I'm starved. You wanna go eat something?\" He chuckled. \"I just ate a few hours ago, Darlin'.\" He followed it up with a wide grin, enjoying the instant blush across her throat. She gasped at his crudeness. \"Beau!\" She lightly slapped his arm with the back of her hand. \"Stop it!\" She stood, picking up a slim silver phone off the piano's sheet ridge. It had been silently lighting up every few minutes, but he couldn't read the screen. \"C'mon.\" She found her sheep-trimmed jacket in the closet by the front door and shrugged it on. He smiled as he watched her check her reflection in the door mirror, lightly smoothing the soft curls in her hair. She glanced over at him, eyebrows raised. \"I will leave without you,\" she said pointedly, but unable to stop the smile that followed. She was never too good at bluffing. \"Alright,\" Beau replied, getting to his feet as Chiles sucked on the milkshake straw, draining the rest of it. He dragged his coat back on, dropping his hat on his head as she vanished out the door infront of him. He took a quick step to catch up and they headed for the stairwell. Her hand slipped through his elbow in a strangely natural gesture, like she had hung off his arm before, when in fact she never had. She brought him to a crowded restaurant, where he ate more food than he had in the past week, and then managed to drag him down to South Broad after. He laughed, scuffing his heels as she pulled at his hand. Even on a Monday night, the bars were crowded, various forms of country music blaring out of most doors. The one she picked had a line-up out around the block, but the burly tattooed guy manning the front took one look at her and smiled. \"Hey, Billy,\" she said softly. \"Evenin, Miss Stanton,\" he replied, letting her pass, jumping the entire line. Beau nodded silently to the man, who give him a calculated once-over in return, as Chiles pulled him in after her. He tugged his hand back, suddenly a bit embarrassed, but she didn't even notice the retreat, waving to somebody across the loud room. He followed her gaze. \"Aw, shit.\" He couldn't even hear himself talk over the resonator solo happening onstage. Chiles glanced back at him as she started making her way through the crowd. A few people recognized her. Some drunk guy asked for a high-five, which she politely gave, laughing at his excited whoop as they passed. Beau really wanted a cigarette. And a drink. His former bandmates looked the same, though Skylar had chopped most of his blonde afro off. Cory was grinning beneath his close-trim beard as he fondly ruffled Chiles' hair, earning himself an annoyed shriek from her. Beau had to laugh, but then he was infront of them too and the laugh died in his throat. He hadn't seen them since the commotion in Dallas, where he had left the hospital and the tour and hitchhiked back to Nashville. There was a break in the music and he exhaled, giving a tentative smile. \"Well, look who's back in town,\" Skylar laughed. \"Knew you couldn't stay away for long.\" \"Didn't have a whole lotta choice in the matter,\" Beau replied, glancing at Chiles, who gave him a playful nudge with her elbow. \"James was pissed when she didn't show up Saturday at the studio,\" Cory said, looking at him. He was one of Beau's oldest friends, and the only bandmate that had stuck around from start to finish. He could cut through all his bullshit with one glance. \"Hey, man,\" he added. \"Hey.\" Beau shifted. Then he grinned. \"Get your fuckin ass over here,\" he said after a beat, reaching out and giving his friend a rough hug. \"How you been?\" He felt the slap on his shoulder and they pulled back. He repeated the same gesture with Skylar, although it rang a little shallow. Chiles had turned to talk to a couple young girls who were laughing nervously, asking for autographs. Beau sighed at them, feeling his heart tighten a bit, knowing he was asking her to give up everything she had worked for for 20 years. Asking her again. But she was the one who showed up on his doorstep. \"We're up next,\" Cory said, thumbing his hand at the stage. \"Just fillin in for some guys who got a little too drunk down at the Bluebird last night.\" He chuckled. \"You need a cigarette?\" Beau sighed again. \"Yeah.\" He reached over to where Chiles had her back to him, placing his palm on the curve of her hip. He leaned in to speak quietly, quickly into her ear. The brim of his hat grazed the top of her hair. \"Be back in a bit.\" She lifted her head to nod and he stepped back to follow the guys to the back wall and down out the rear door. The stoop was empty and Cory pulled a home-rolled out of his wallet that wasn't exactly tobacco. \"Gotta get through this shit-show,\" he grinned, placing the joint in his mouth. Beau lit a cigarette, but didn't turn down the offer when the weed was handed to him. He took a couple long hits before chasing it with another drag, passing the rest of the joint to Skylar. \"She's leavin, isn't she?\" Skylar asked as he flicked the stub into a puddle. He exhaled the thick grey smoke through his teeth. Beau leaned his shoulders against the cold brick wall, looking at the black sky. There were no stars, not this far downtown. \"That's the plan. Not sure she'll follow through.\" He spoke around the cigarette in his teeth, offering the last of his Marlboro pack to the other two, who emptied it. He scrubbed at his jaw as they chuckled about some inside joke he didn't get. \"She sleep with James?\" he asked abruptly, finally voicing a suspicion that he had since that first time he saw them together in Houston, not-so-subtly flirting in the dressing room. There was a resounding silence. \"Man, you should-\" Skylar cut off as Beau raised his gaze to him. \"Just fuckin tell me.\" \"Canter's a wreck,\" Cory interrupted. \"He should've quit after Kelly died. Runnin around, yellin at everybody. That's all he does now.\" Beau frowned, blowing smoke into the cold air, then dropping the cigarette to angrily stamp it out with the heel of his boot. \"That doesn't answer my question.\" \"That girl's easy to read,\" Skylar said, pointing at Beau with what was left of his cigarette. \"She's miserable here.\" Beau snorted. \"No she's not.\" Cory opened the door, stepping back inside the bar. \"Then why'd she leave?\" He raised his eyebrows before disappearing. Skylar followed him and Beau huffed for a second before taking up the rear. The other two took a left backstage and he continued through to the crowd, where he made his way to the bar and ordered a shot of Jack's and a PBR. He threw the shot back, dropping one of his last ten dollar bills on the counter, and leaned his elbows against the edge as he thumbed the condensation off the neck of the beer bottle. He turned around to watch the stage, hoisting himself up onto one of the leather stools. He scanned the crowd for Chiles, but he couldn't see her. The new band was starting to set up onstage, some alternative bluegrass group by the look of them. Skylar was resetting the drumkit. They were good, and sounded tight even with the last minute replacements. Beau finished his PBR and asked the bartender for another shot. \"You Beau Hutton?\" the bartender asked as he set two short glasses down infront of him. \"Yeah.\" Beau glanced up at him. He was young, mid-20s, with a beard and glasses. He didn't recognize the guy. \"Big fan. On the house.\" And he poured two more shots in front of him. \"Thanks.\" Beau threw them both back without ceremony. The alcohol mixed with the weed made his voice rumble deeper than usual. He looked around for Chiles again as the band jammed off-set on stage. But she was suddenly next to him, and he grinned a bit sloppily at her as she took a seat. \"Hey, Beau.\" \"Stanton. You want a drink?\" She smiled, leaning in. \"Yes, please.\" She gave him a ghost of a kiss, hardly even touching his mouth with her own. But it was enough for her to catch a whiff of his breath. \"Have you been smoking…?\" Her gaze flickered down to her hands in embarrassment. When she looked up, her eyes were so dark they were almost black. He chuckled at her blushing cheeks. \"I just downed three shots of Jack and that's what you bust me on?\" He grinned wide, running his palm over her forearm, suddenly wishing they were in a darker corner and not dead-center at the bar. There was a clink of glass on the counter as a rum and coke she never ordered was set next to her. The bartender nodded at her. \"Good to see you, Miss. Stanton. On the house.\" \"Thanks, Clay.\" Chiles smiled at him as she took a sip. Beau gave the bartender another hard look, but he had already moved on to a group of cowboys at the other end of the bar. He dropped his hand down to Chiles' waist, giving her a small tug against him, her thighs bumping up against his knees. She raised a hand to pick at the buttons on his shirt, her fingers dusting the skin above his undershirt. She pulled the length of his silver chain out from under the white cotton, playing with it as she brought her glass to her lips again. \"The boys are up.\" He nodded to the stage before standing, forcing her back a few steps. She bumped into a kid wearing a backwards baseball cap, who gave her an annoyed sneer as she stammered an apology in response. Beau tightened his fingers and steered her away from the bar, leading her through the crowd. He reached a hand up to keep his hat on his head as people jostled around them, the music vibrating the floor. They made it to the right of the stage, where the crowd was a little thinner and where they had a perfect sightline of Cory and the frontman Beau didn't recognize. Chiles was already bouncing infront of him to the thumping music, the hand holding her drink held out to the side just in case the crowd surged into them. When it did, a slosh of rum and coke ended up on the sticky barroom floor and the side of his boot. He barely noticed. The static in the air made the back of her hair stick to his open shirt and she let out a soft whoop as the song ended, raising her empty glass with the rest of the crowd. She turned as the band started another song, a bit of a slower one, but the bass still pounding through his body. Chiles smiled, that smile that had made him jump out of Kelly's arms, and fall almost immediately into hers. He had a feeling that if Chiles knew he had slept with Kelly barely 15 minutes before she first knocked on his door in that Houston hotel, she wouldn't have let him in when he knocked on hers later. The crew knew it, his band knew it, even James knew it, though he liked to deny it. How could Chiles not. Kelly's drunken backseat confessions had left little room for interpretation. \"You're not havin fun, are you?\" she asked, her voice barely loud enough for him to hear. Her arms wound around his neck and he placed his hands on her hips, pressing her stomach forward into the belt on his jeans. \"I'm here with you, and that's good with me.\" He gave her a short grin, almost in embarrassment, ducking his head so his hat shadowed his eyes. He had never been much of a PDA fan before, but after 10 months, he couldn't quite keep his hands off her. Her body swung lightly as she laughed at him, taking his hand with her free one and pulling him into a very small dance. The crowd still pressed around them, and Chiles smelled like flowers and sugar and alcohol. Her fingers stroked the back of his neck as they turned in their small circle, barely even moving at all. Her gaze was lazy and warm and never left his. He knew what he was going to say even before he noticed the group of college girls eyeing them, Chiles' name on their mouths. \"C'mon.\" He shifted his weight to tug her back through the crowd. The girls looked like they were gonna pounce, one of them rooting through her purse for a pen and something to autograph. \"Let's get outta here.\" Chiles' apartment had become comically empty. Cardboard boxes were piled into two corners: a small pile for keeping, and a large pile for giving away. Beau dropped another box into the back of the green Ford, the sweat sticking his shirt against his back. The nape of his hair was damp and cold, but he still had one more flight to take to grab the last box full of clothes. Chiles was out, having left the apartment before he had even woken up, but writing a note on a napkin and posting it to the fridge. Be back later. He didn't know what that meant, and it bothered him. They had spent all of Tuesday and Wednesday sorting through her things, although it had been easy to get distracted. The floor, the bed, the bathtub, the kitchen counter, the entryway wall. But they still never had a real conversation about what was about to happen. Beau wasn't even sure they needed to. When he dropped the boxes off at Goodwill, he found an old Gibson Rosewood guitar thrown in the back of the musical instruments corner. It had no strings and was pretty scratched up, but the guitar usually retailed for over two grand. The pink sticker stuck to its body said $19.99. Beau's wallet was officially empty. He had to rummage through the Ford's glove compartment to find a couple bucks to buy new guitar strings. He sat in his truck next to Guitar Center and smoked half a pack of Marlboros as he restrung it. He had no idea where he was going to come up with the cash to fly back to San Francisco. His life was becoming complicated. Just a week before, his biggest problem was the coyotes poaching some of Earle's baby calves. Now he was back in Nashville, a place he had intended to swear off for the rest of his life, with no band, no music, and no money. Funnily enough, it wasn't so bad. Not with Chiles. He didn't have to sneak into her apartment building again. She had given him a spare key and he carried the Gibson up the stairs carefully. He heard James' voice before he opened the door. Both of them looked up when he entered. Chiles was sitting on the piano bench, her hair pulled back in fresh curls, and James sat in the high-backed chair opposite, wearing a tight grey suit. Neither of them stood up at his arrival. Beau shut the door slowly. Chiles gave him a soft smile. \"Hey.\" James glanced over at him. \"Beau.\" \"What's goin on?\" he asked, running a hand through his hair as he placed the guitar against the closet door. \"Just tellin Chiles here I really like what you've done with the place,\" James says, lightly sarcastic, gesturing to the emptiness. \"Opens the room up real nice.\" Chiles didn't give him a chance to reply to James' aggression, interrupting excitedly. \"They asked me to play two songs tomorrow night for the Opry at Ryman Auditorium-\" \"Tomorrow?\" Beau asked suspiciously. \"There was… a last minute change of line-up,\" James said, turning his gaze over. \"It's a songwriter's night.\" \"Uh-huh.\" Beau didn't sit in the last remaining chair. \"Think it'd be a good idea if you sat in on it,\" James continued. \"And why's that?\" Beau shifted his weight, his hands shoved into his jeans pockets, too afraid to look at Chiles, so he kept his blue gaze on James. And James stood up, looking up at the younger man. Beau was glad for the easy half-foot he had on him, forcing James to wield to his larger frame. There was a long silence as neither backed down, but James was the first to speak. \"Because that's gonna sell the story to the label execs that Chiles Stanton is leavin Nashville with some Nobody to work on an album.\" Beau gritted his teeth, his tongue slipping into the hole in the back of his mouth where his missing molar once sat. \"What's the catch?\" \"We gotta play Kelly's songs,\" Chiles said softly. He had almost forgotten that she was there. \"They want a tribute.\" \"No.\" His mouth had gone dry and the taste of his last cigarette felt like old campfire on his tongue. He pushed himself off the wall, taking a step to the left to pass James. But James grabbed his arm, not letting him leave. \"This is gonna be easy. Or this is gonna be hard,\" James breathed, his brown eyes cold. He smelled like whiskey. \"Your choice, Hoss.\" The piano bench scraped loudly across the hardwood and Chiles' hand touched his forearm. He felt his stomach drop as he looked down at her. She was wearing pink lipstick and when she tilted her head to lean her chin against his arm, her diamond earrings were hit with the afternoon light. \"You really wanna do this?\" he asked her, ignoring James still blocking his way. \"It's the Ryman ,\" she said pointedly, excitedly. \"Don't tell me you never wanted that.\" He couldn't lie to her. \"Two songs?\" he asked after a second, checking her gaze, reading the heat that he saw there. He suddenly wanted her out of the lace dress she wore. She smiled, running her palm over the width of his back, fingers tracing down the lines on his plaid shirt. \"Two songs. Just you and me.\" \"And a second guitar,\" James added. \"I'll see if Cory's available.\" Beau didn't even look at him. He sighed. \"Yeah, fine.\" James was already on his phone, heading to the door. \"Call you later, Chiles. Soundcheck's tomorrow at 10 a.m.\" And then he was gone. Beau stared at where he stood three seconds before. \"Shit.\" He fell back into the half sofa that seemed more for decoration than actual sitting. Chiles was chattering, pacing, her hands nervously flapping as she talked about song choice. Beau watched her, managing a smile at her obvious excitement. \"What you think about Coming Home? I know she never recorded it… maybe.. no that wouldn't work acoustic… would it?\" She turned to look at him, but still paced. \"Beau? What d'you think?\" He didn't answer her question, glancing over where he had left the Gibson leaning against the wall. \"Got you a present.\" She blinked at him, then smiled, laughing lightly. \"What?\" He pointed to the guitar near the front door. \"Figured you needed your own. I can teach you when we're back in California.\" And he grinned wide as she clapped her hands together, her bare feet smacking on the floor as she ran over to pick it up. She handled it naively. \"Oh, my, it's heavy.\" She checked the back. \"No strap?\" \"Easy there, Stanton,\" Beau laughed. \"We'll find one.\" He winced as she strummed an off-chord. \"We'll work on that too.\" He lifted up an arm as she sat next to him, carefully perching the Gibson on her knee. Her mouth opened as she looked down at her hand, stretching her fingers to fit a C chord. Beau grinned as she gave it a hopeful strum. \"Not that one, this one.\" Chiles shoved a chambray shirt at his chest. Beau glowered at her, and Cory turned a snort of laughter into a misplaced cough. Beau glared at him next and Cory feigned ignorance, looking back down as he fiddled with a tuning key on the guitar in his lap. His lips twitched beneath his moustache. \"I'm not your damn puppy, Chiles. I can dress myself,\" Beau complained, even as his hands went to the buttons on his plaid shirt, starting to undo them. \"Not when we're playin the Opry,\" Chiles retorted, glancing at him in the mirror as she leaned in to adjust her makeup. Beau tossed his rejected shirt on the dressing room table, knocking a can of hairspray over. The room was small and hot and he really wanted a cigarette, but it was also the farthest from the back door. They were slotted for one of the final acts, and waiting around backstage was starting to get old. There were too many stagehands running around to watch from the wings, and he had already bummed three too many of Cory's cigarettes. He was surprised Chiles didn't have some sort of entourage with her, but neither James nor Cory seemed to think it strange. He had no idea how they'd fit more people into the room anyway. He pulled the denim shirt on over his wifebeater, fixing the collar and rolling up the sleeves before tucking the tails into his jeans. He sat across from Cory with a sigh, leaning the back of his head against the wall and watching Chiles pull the curls in her hair loose. She was dressed for the stage in a flowing silver dress and heavy, neutral makeup. The diamond stars he gave her were still in her ears, and she wore a blue ring on one index finger. They were gonna be quite the sight on stage: Country Barbie and two scruffy Honky-Tonks. Soundcheck had been a testament to Cory's patience. They had been given 30 minutes, but James had wrangled another 10 after Chiles decided to change their second song. Again. They had spent the afternoon out in the woods. He had parked the old Ford at the foot of a hill, then dragged her a mile until they were just a shade short of lost. He plunked her on a semi-comfortable rock and made her breathe. In and out. She was calm, and maybe a bit more rational when they made it back to town. Cory placed his guitar back in its stand and started toward the dressing room door. He rummaged in his back pocket, glancing at Beau. \"You need a smoke?\" he asked. Beau sighed. \"Yeah, just give me a minute.\" Cory gave him a raise of the eyebrows, but left without saying anything. Beau took the seat next to Chiles, putting a hand on his own leg as he stared her down. She glanced at him, blanching as she dropped her hands from her hair. \"What?\" she asked softly. \"You alright?\" She laughed, but it was a bit too high. \"Of course I am, Beau.\" \"Don't gimme that bullshit. Tell me what's the matter.\" He lifted a hand to fix the low back of her dress, tucking in a stray thread. She sighed, her breath shaking as she dropped her gaze back to her hands. \"I'm scared.\" He pulled his stool closer to hers, his denimed knees hitting her bare legs as he drew his arm around her shoulders. \"Bout what?\" She gave a little shrug. \"Change, I guess.\" She turned her big eyes on him and he was such a sucker. \"This won't be the last time, will it?\" He smiled small at her. \"No.\" He paused. \"I love you.\" She laughed wide, and he would've been a bit insulted if she didn't lean in and kiss him. \"No you don't,\" she teased against his mouth, even as his hands trailed over her bare back and along the flare of the dress. Her hands slid along his ribs. \"And I love you.\" A sharp knock on the door brought Beau's hand away from where it had slipped between her legs. He dropped his mouth, tasting the sharpness of Chiles' lipstick on his tongue and he glanced in the mirror to quickly wipe it away. James was looking at them, but Chiles was back to primping in the mirror, feigning innocence. Beau was sure he didn't look quite so innocent. He cleared his throat, standing up and walking over to a guitar case, his back to the door. \"They're ready for you now,\" James said. He was speaking more to Chiles than to Beau. \"You ready for them?\" \"Yes, I am.\" Chiles gave him a smile as Beau picked up the Rosewood guitar he had given her, securing the temporary strap Cory had loaned him. He left his hat on the table and followed them from the dressing room, down through the crowded hall. He handed the guitar off to Chiles as he stepped outside to find Cory and smoke one of his cigarettes. They stood in silence, the smoke heavy between them. \"Try'n drop me a line every now and then,\" Cory said finally, dropping the butt of his cigarette and stomping it out. \"You got no excuses now. I'll get Chiles to hound your ass if I have to.\" Beau laughed, taking one last drag. \"That's some threat, man.\" \"You know it.\" \"Forty seconds,\" one of the stagehands said as they stepped back in. Cory vanished to get his guitar and Beau found Chiles standing in the right wing, watching the current act give their last goodbyes. James was stood up next to the curtain, and their eyes met for a brief second. In that instance, he was the most defeated man Beau had every seen. And as much as Beau hated him for what happened, blamed him for Kelly's wasted life, he knew that it hadn't only been his fault. They had all played a part, and maybe it would've happened anyway. \"You're on,\" one of the stagehands said, although they didn't need the prompt. The other musicians were leaving to stage left and a kid dressed in black rushed out to remove some of the unneeded equipment as the stage lights dimmed. Beau let Chiles go first and the second she stepped into the spotlight, the crowd erupted. He couldn't help but grin as he followed her, settling on the stool next to hers. He leaned down to plug in his guitar pick-up, catching Cory taking the stool a few feet behind them. They were set-up close to the front of the stage on an old rug to cut through some of the reverb. The audience was dark and he blinked to make his eyes adjust, but he could still only see the vagueness of the back windows. Chiles adjusted the microphone slightly as she smiled at an audience she couldn't see. \"Hi, everybody.\" She laughed at the roar she got in response. \"Thank y'all so much for having us! I'm so excited!\" She dropped her hands to her lap as she daintily crossed her legs at the ankles. \"Remember Beau? My friend and writin partner, Beau Hutton, everybody.\" She gave his arm a light nudge with her elbow and he looked up from where he was clamping a capo onto the guitar neck to look out at the crowd. It was almost insulting, but on Chiles' lips, it was so endearing it practically made him sick. The crowd erupted into enthusiastic applause, and there was a chorus of whistles from somewhere in the balcony. He leaned in to the sole microphone that he shared with her. \"Thank-you,\" he rumbled, his voice echoing back at him. He paused. \"We didn't write this next song.\" He chuckled, glancing at Chiles, who looked back at him from under thick lashes. \"I once told Kelly Canter that love and fame couldn't live in the same place. And then she told me to choose love. So I tried to choose neither.\" He gave a real laugh into the mic. \"Not sure how it's workin out.\" Chiles shifted on her seat and she leaned over, her back touching his guitar neck. \"Kelly told me that love was the only thing that mattered in life.\" Beau grinned at her, a bit surprised. \"She did?\" he teased. Chiles gave him a secretive smile, brown eyes fluttering as she turned back to the audience. Beau could see the collective lean in, everyone so interested in what she had to say. \"This is for Kelly, who we miss so much, and who always had so much love to give.\" It was his cue, but her words threw him off for a second. Maybe in another life, that would've been true, the sugar-coating unnecessary. Because at the end, Kelly had no love left. But his fingers found the right fret and he didn't have to think about it anymore. Cory came in behind them and Chiles started the first verse. They fell into the easy routine, the way they rehearsed. He only took his eyes from her to check his chord every change, although Cory's strong rhythm in the back meant nobody would have noticed if it was wrong. Her voice was such a sweet complement to his baritone, and it wasn't just the audience that was sucked into her soft gaze and blushing cheeks. She giggled at him as it ended, and he didn't even notice the crowd's approval at their stripped-down version of Kelly's hit song. Chiles took the microphone again. \"We just have one more song.\" Someone let out a disappointed boo in the front row and she laughed, tucking her hair behind her ear. \"Thanks for listenin. Me 'n Beau are here tonight with our favourite band-member, Cory Younts. Thanks for bein here, Cory.\" She glanced over at him and he raised a hand in recognition as there was a round of loud applause. Beau retuned one of his E strings as he leaned back into the mic, his mouth just barely an inch from Chiles'. \"First song was about love. Only natural that the next's about heartbreak.\" His gaze met Chiles and she gave him a small smile, encouraging him. \"I was havin trouble with this song a year ago. It took Kelly all bout three seconds to fix it. And another three seconds for Chiles here to finish it.\" Her hair touched his cheek as she claimed half the mic. \"I nicked his lyrics notebook when he wasn't lookin.\" Beau chuckled. \"She's makin a habit of that.\" The crowd laughed as Cory came in on the cue, the familiar intro bars to Timing Is Everything. Beau joined, but he couldn't look at Chiles when he sang the first verse. He couldn't look out at the abyss of the crowd either. So he just closed his eyes and waited until Chiles' voice took over to open them. She had her gaze on him, her lips never quite closing as they formed words. Even though Chiles had fixed one of the middle verses, they had never sung the song together before that morning. It had melded easily, as all their songs together did. But he still thought of Kelly when he sang it, of that time in her bedroom where James was ten minutes too late to find them in a much more compromising position. And then the song was over, and the crowd drowned out Chiles' southern gushing. Beau stood and Chiles grabbed his hand, waving it at the standing audience. There was no time or place for an encore, so he just nodded and smiled, then laughed as Chiles introduced the group after them with a wink and a flirt. He followed her off-stage, his guitar in one hand, and her fingers still wrapped around his other. There was rounds of approval from the people they passed and Chiles smiled so wide Beau thought she'd rip her ears off. Beau sold the green Ford to a vintage dealer who gave him 1500 bucks for it. That, plus the small amount he received for the Opry show the night before, and his bank account could finally handle the flight back to California. He shoved his wallet into the back pocket of his jeans as he stumbled around to find the bedroom light. \"Chiles, if you don't get your ass outta that bed, I'm gonna haul you to the airport in your birthday suit.\" She gave a short murmur of complaint from beneath the hotel duvet. The alarm for 3:45 a.m. had gone off just a few minutes after they had fallen asleep and Beau had blinked himself bleerily awake. He pulled on his jeans and a threadbare white Henley, fumbling to collect the rest of their belongings. He was brushing his teeth when Chiles walked into the bathroom, her eyes half-open and her braid falling apart. She stepped into the shower and stood there for a few minutes. \"You want coffee?\" he asked. She made a face as she wrapped a towel around her chest and stood next to him to find her toothbrush amongst her makeup kit. \"I'll get one at the airport,\" she replied after a second. \"Hotel coffee's never too good.\" \"Alright.\" He left her to dress, making his way back to the bedroom to repack the clothes that had been scattered over the hotel floor when he and Chiles had hurriedly made their way across it a few hours before. They had made a stop at Chiles' empty apartment to make sure the moving company had gotten all of the boxes and the piano. It had been empty and clean and Chiles had left the keys on the counter for the superintendent. Beau thought she might've been wistful, but she just seemed happy. Then Cory dropped them off at the Marriot next to BNA. Chiles had cried then, and Beau had tried not to laugh when Cory hugged them both goodbye. He knew they'd be back, even if she wasn't so sure. The flight back to California was much like the flight from there. They ended up mysteriously in first class, even though Beau was sure he bought an economy ticket. The flight attendants smiled and preened as they offered to store the guitar for Chiles, or gave him a couple extra chocolates with the too-rich coffee they brought. Chiles was visibly excited, shifting in her seat anxiously, her fingers running along the inside of his forearm as he watched the inflight tv. She pressed her face to the window when the pilot announced their descent into the Bay Area. It was still just past sunrise, having flown into the twilight most of the last several hours. The plane was dark, windows drawn except for Chiles, who had the shade up and the warm sun streaming in on her hair. He smiled as she looked over her shoulder, still wrapped in the crocheted blanket she'd brought in her carry-on. \"What made you change your mind?\" he asked suddenly, reaching out and twisting his palm around the braid falling down her back. \"Hm?\" She wasn't paying much attention to him. \"Why'd you come all the way out to California last week?\" he clarified, giving her a bit of a grin and a set of bedroom eyes. \"Leave your cushy Nashville life for the sticks?\" She twisted in her seat to lean close to him, pressing her cheek back against the seat, her nose just a few inches from his. She rearranged the blanket so that he was under it too. They probably looked ridiculous. \"I couldn't not have it, but I couldn't not have you more.\" She gave him a light kiss. \"Life on stage wasn't… what I thought it'd be.\" \"Well, why not?\" She sighed and he felt her breath on his neck. \"It was lonely.\" Her eyes flickered over his shoulder where a flight attendant passed through the aisle. \"All those people, and I was just lonely.\" \"Did James treat you alright?\" It was the question he had really wanted to ask. Chiles smiled. \"Yeah. He did. I mean, he yelled at everybody. The guys hated him.\" She giggled. \"Chris and Skylar used to do these drawings of him… you'll have to see 'em… but James was tryin so hard to make it work. And it just didn't.\" \"But you seemed real happy last night.\" He slipped his arm around her waist, the blanket covering the innocent movement. \"I was.\" She gave him that little secret smile that made his throat pound expectantly. \"You make me real happy, Beau Hutton. Is that such a crime?\" He chuckled. \"Depends on who you ask.\" She gave him a light smack on his arm. \"Stop that!\" She leaned in and kissed him again, a little longer, her tongue slick. Beau was glad for the dark cabin, but he kept his hand firm against her spine, even though she arched her back to encourage him to move it. He pulled back instead, grinning wide at her, his mouth pulling to the sides. \"You tryin to get me in trouble?\" he teased, giving her a little push back to her side. The lights overhead flickered on as he tucked the blanket around her and her seat. A flight attendant came down the aisle to prepare them for the descent. The woman looked over at them, her gaze lingering where his hands buckled her seatbelt back in. \"Stay there, Stanton.\" Chiles laughed quietly at him, but looked back out the window. He watched the ground approaching over her shoulder, unable to keep his knuckles from gripping the armrests as they touched back to the ground. He swallowed heavy, closing his eyes as the plane braked, his body pressed down and backwards. He felt them rolling down the tarmac, heard Chiles shifting in her seat, the zipper of her leather saddle bag. When he felt the plane come to a hault, the seatbelt sign dinged softly and he opened his eyes. \"Put your boots on,\" Chiles said, nudging his leather boots toward his feet. She had pulled her hair loose and tucked her blanket and the slim silver laptop she watched some soap opera on while they were halfway over Colorado into her bag. Beau leaned over to pull his boots on, fixing the bottoms of his jeans, as Chiles began taking inventory on their belongings. He only had to grab his brown jacket, grubby hat, and wallet when he stood to follow the well-dressed older woman that was seated infront of them. Chiles hurriedly followed him down the aisle, holding her jacket in one hand, and the overly-stuffed saddle bag in the other. Beau paused, waiting for her, and took the bag from her hand once she reached him at the front of the cabin. Once he placed the hat on his head, he removed the guitar case from where the flight attendant had stored it. The airport was busy with the early-morning rush and Chiles insisted on stopping to buy an over-priced coffee from a chain near arrivals. She bought him a brownie that didn't taste much like chocolate, but he ate it anyway. And when she decided that she couldn't finish the extra-large mocha-frappe-something while they waited at the carousel, he finished that too. It left a coating of sugar on the roof of his mouth. He was still smacking the taste off his tongue when Chiles shook the sleeve of his plaid shirt, pointing to one of the three suitcases she had checked in Nashville. \"That red one.\" He leaned over and hoisted it off the conveyor belt, nearly getting clocked by a pair of women in powersuits reaching for their own bags. She tugged his arm again, pointing to another piece, so he grabbed that too. The last suitcase was one of the last to come round, and was also the heaviest. He heaved it onto the floor, the brim of his hat falling down into his eyes until he knocked it back with his knuckles. They loaded all their luggage and the guitar into the black compact car the rental company had reserved for Chiles. It all barely fit. The San Francisco traffic was heavy, and it added another two hours to the six it would take them to travel further north. Beau drove with the window down, the sun hot on his forearm and the side of his face, not paying much attention to Chiles' scribbling in a pocketbook as she softly murmured lyrics to herself. They switched roles somewhere in Mendocino County, Chiles taking the wheel and Beau falling into a light sleep in the passenger's side. He pushed the seat back as far as he could get and tipped his hat down over his eyes. He woke up to the sound of crying gulls. The car was stopped, and when he looked to the left, Chiles was frowning down at her cellphone, the screen casting blue light on her face. The sky was dark and the clock on the dashboard said 6:04. They were parked on the side of a highway lookout. The ocean was a black gap between the dunes and the sky. \"What's goin on?\" Beau croaked. He cleared his throat as he pushed himself up, finding his hat had fallen into his lap. Chiles took a bite from a sandwich that she held in her other hand. There was an open can of diet Coke wedged between her knees. \"Just lookin at a map,\" she replied around the food. Beau squinted out the window, recognizing the bend in the road. \"Why? We're three miles from town.\" \"I think I took a wrong turn, though,\" she sighed, shutting her phone off. It clicked softly. \"I stopped at a cafe. I got you a sandwich-\" She cut off, turning around to reach into the back seat. A paper bag was dropped into his lap. \"Chicken on rye.\" He peeked into the bag. He mostly just wanted a cigarette. Chiles drove back onto the highway under his direction. She had turned the radio on and was singing along to some top-40 teeny-booper. Beau couldn't even complain. Part of him hadn't believed her a week ago. He figured they'd end up back in Nashville and she'd root herself back in, refusing to leave, and then pulling him with her. Because he didn't have it in him to walk away from her for a second time. And not after 8 days. The curls in her hair, the freckles dotting her stomach, the melding of her voice with his. It was a relief that she didn't walk away from him either. \"We're early,\" she said suddenly as the song ended. The car took a sharp turn down a side street before pulling into a familiar parking spot. She offered a hopeful look, mouth a little open. \"Wanna work on some lyrics?\" Beau chuckled, glancing over to the back of the bar. Jerry had turned on the overhead light and set out an empty coffee can for the Saturday night regulars to drop their cigarette butts into. \"Alright, Stanton. First, let me have a smoke and then maybe a beer.\" She grinned, pushing open the door and hopping out. Beau followed, his legs stiff, taking his 10-gallon with him. After the long ride, he reached down and adjusted himself, earning a cluck of the tongue from Chiles. He ignored her, straightening his belt as he walked after her, lighting a cigarette from a new carton. She took a seat on one of the milk crates, opening a moleskin and chewing on the end of a 50 cent pen. She even took a naive drag off his cigarette when he offered, not actually thinking she'd accept. She coughed for a good five minutes after and he laughed at her. His chest felt light; better than he'd felt in years. He stubbed the last of the cigarette out and tossed it into the Maxwell House can. \"You comin?\" Beau grinned as Chiles scribbled furiously into the notebook. She stood up, still writing, and he ran his arm across her shoulders as he opened the heavy back door. He leaned his mouth against her temple, her hair lightly tickling the stubble on his face. Maybe it wouldn't last, but maybe it would. Maybe they could both finally choose love. At least for a little while. Beau motioned for Chiles to step inside first, staying a beat behind her as he followed. The hallway was dark and smelled like spilled booze and floor cleaner. His hand tightened on her arm and she flicked her head to gave him a laugh and a smile. His gut flipped happily at the attention. Behind them, the bar door clicked shut. A/N: I didn't think much of this movie, but I couldn't get these two characters out of my head. This was the result. If you happened across this, and even somewhat enjoyed it, please drop me a review or a fave and I'll be so glad to hear it. ","Summary":" Beau was glad it was the last song of the night. Her chestnut hair looked dull under the low lighti"},{"Movie":"Country Strong","Title":"Blameless","Author":"TheVeryLastValkyrie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6800722","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I don't know what films those critics were watching, but Country Strong made me laugh, made me cry and brought it all home at the end - and with a deeper insight into Chiles and Beau's relationship, I decided to write this. Enjoy. Blameless He hurts her just because he's seen her in her underwear, and they both know it. He shuffles imaginary flashcards and treats her like a fool; it doesn't change what could have happened if she hadn't turned her head and he hadn't walked out the door like she betrayed him by opening it. She felt it, and she's angry with him for making her feel it - that slow glow that warms you up with alcohol and then warms you up in bed as you roll over and over, on top of and underneath each other. She looks into his blue eyes and brands him an asshole (and hears someone behind her agreeing with that unspoken thought), and it's like looking into the sweet baby blues of the real Miss Dallas all over again. \"Virgin,\" that girl had crooned, just to make it hurt that little bit more as she shook back the long blonde mane now topped with a sparkling tiara. \"They don't crown virgins, you know.\" Chiles lost her virginity that same day, to a nameless older man in the back of a pickup. It hurt, and she cried, and he laughed and said she was so damn tight. That made her cry even more. So she walks away from Beau like she's the one with the crown, with the rights, with the husband and the lover and the tour bus and the awards. She goes to record the song she knows isn't hers, the song she lets herself steal to make her a star. She sees him through the glass partition - pretends she doesn't, but she does - and sings all the louder and all the stronger just to show him. If he thinks she's naive, she'll be naive. If he thinks she's vapid, she'll be vapid. If he thinks she's stupid, she'll be stupid. She's only hurting him secondhand in return, but it's enough. He doesn't get to make judgements on her talent, her body, her mind. He knows nothing . He knows. He knows (of course he knows) when it's time for the clothes and the polish and the pretenses to come off, and she flinches away from him like a wounded animal. \"Did somebody hurt you?\" \"I'm not weak,\" she tells him. \"But still every little thing in this world seems to hurt me.\" \"What happened?\" \"I made a bad choice - because I grew up skinny and flatter than a board, and I wanted someone to think I was beautiful.\" He laughs. \"Surely that's part of being a 'beauty' queen.\" \"There is no queen in a line of fourteen other pretty girls.\" \"Hey.\" He takes her chin in his hand, between thumb and forefinger, turns her face gently from side to side like a flower nodding on its stem. \"Do you see any other pretty girls in here?\" \"No.\" \"Good.\" He smiles, and she feels the beginnings of that slow glow, the creeping warmth of tumbling together just for happiness, and not for cheap. \"Because this next part's just for you and me.\" She doesn't know this, though, as he watches her through the glass and she sings about coming home, even though the stage is her home and it's still a place she sometimes fears. All she knows is that he's hurt her, that she let him, that she won't ever let him do it again. There is no home for or between the two of them because it's still a place far off where only one can live at a time without the other, where they'd tear the roof off if they tried to live there together. But when she does come home (of course she does), his jacket is warm around her shoulders, and the arm holding it in place is warmer, and the lights of a smoky bar are still flickering dimly behind them. \"What will you do now?\" He asks her. \"I don't know.\" She smiles. \"Sing. Go to the beach. Maybe let you see me in a bathing suit for real?\" \"I'd like that.\" They drink bourbon on the porch, and he kisses her when it rains. She rides a horse and falls off (many, many times) and he laughs at her. He claps his hat on her head when the sun gets too hot, and she grouses at him for acting like her father. They sleep in a bed that is too narrow, too rickety, but somehow just wide enough for dreaming. It never hurts to think of the life they left behind, because the pain of every day together hurts so good. ","Summary":" I don't know what films those critics were watching, but Country Strong made me laugh, made me cry "},{"Movie":"Country Strong","Title":"Burn","Author":"TheVeryLastValkyrie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6552697","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I know nothing more about the plot or characters of Country Strong than is evident from thereleased clips and trailers. I haven't even been formally introduced to this pairing (Them: We're Beau and Chiles. We're going to be your temporary favourite pairing while Gossip Girl is on hiatus. Me: Blair, get back to New York and on top of Chuck this instant!), so I'm basically just guessing. From what I've seen, they're going to be just plain gorgeous. Enjoy. Burn She's different. He's too aware that she's different, jumpy. Trumped up little beauty queen with a smell like sunshine, and she's under his skin. He's a fool for noticing her, a fool for not seeing her for what she is: another brick in the wall, another hurdle. She's sweetly sharp like licking cut glass; he knows. She knows it too, and that's why her diminutive little body space enjoys entering his body space and making the air vibrate. She's that much hot sauce. A little is a lifesaver. Too much can kill you. He's seen girls like her, walked just behind them all his life. What's another guitar picker with too many dreams when there are ten of her, pocket-sized and long-legged, ready to belt and holler and hum and dance when you wind the key? But even then, she's still different. She's teased and squeezed and powdered and pouffed, but even God-save-her Kelly Canter doesn't have hair that long and that brown, or eyes that big. She's a china doll, and he's a bull in a shop full of her. Is it worth the risk, really, of building courage for her to sit on and swing her legs? She'll sketch another path in the dust with her pointed toes, croon her way to caramel completion and let the money do the talking. He's lost her. He's lost her before he even had her. But he runs his lips over hers, and hers and bare and pink and sweet. She's different, but every girl wants to be kissed. ","Summary":" I know nothing more about the plot or characters of Country Strong than is evident from thereleased"},{"Movie":"Country Strong","Title":"He Called Me Baby","Author":"TheVeryLastValkyrie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6592097","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It appears that Country Strong won't be in UK cinemas until March. All I have to say to that is, 'I'MA KILL YOU FOR LEAVING ME IN THE GARRETT-RELATED LURCH, BITCHES'...also known as 'now I'm really mad'. I felt I needed some Beau/Chiles to cheer me up, so I tried to write angst for these two, but it was kind of like trying to ladle wasabi onto a cream bun. So here, for your perusal, is some angff, also known as flungst. The title is courtesy of the indomitable Patsy Cline. Enjoy. He Called Me Baby She never had a choice in the matter. Never. When you're born pretty, pretty is how you survive. You thrive on that beauty; you push it to its limits to feed you and clothe you and make you somebody worth knowing. You drain your beauty dry and squeeze every last royalty from it so that when it's gone, money is there to solve everything. You'll still have that one, pageant-worthy 'talent'. You'll still have the tiaras. You'll still have the sashes hanging on your wall, more yearned after and cared for than any lover, any sister or any friend. You'll have nothing and everything. \"You look intense.\" She raises her head, smiles. \"Just thinking.\" \"About?\" She pleats her skirt between her fingers, eyes a bitten quick and a stubby nail. She has to be perfect, always has been, but this is her one – obvious – vice. One nail, one finger, nibbled on by nerves and tucked into the palm of the hand not holding the microphone. \"Nothing important.\" \"Are you nervous?\" \"I don't get nervous, Beau.\" He takes the seat beside her, long legs out before him in quaintly dusted boots with his hat tipped down over one eye. \"Everyone gets nervous.\" \"Not about the same things.\" \"Missing a note? Breaking a string? Falling?\" \"Failing,\" she replies. \"I've always come in first. Always. If you don't win, then you don't finish. If you don't finish, then where are you? Start of the track, back of the line: that's where.\" She risks a glance at him, and his blue eyes look back without the same hardness she sees in her own. \"I don't want to be forgotten. I don't want to be some one hit wonder who sang a cute song and then faded into the background and is now raising some trucker's babies in a backwater somewhere.\" \"You couldn't marry a trucker,\" he replies. \"Why?\" \"Truckers don't play guitar.\" She laughs. \"And because you do, that makes it a deal breaker?\" \"Who said we were talking about me?\" \"No one.\" \"Chiles...\" \"I'm on.\" She smoothes her blouse, stands up, doesn't look at him. \"I'm on. I'll see you later.\" ' Tell me what you want. ' But there are no words for the unspoken, no right lines to walk. ' Nothing. ' ","Summary":" It appears that Country Strong won't be in UK cinemas until March. All I have to say to that is, 'I"},{"Movie":"Country Strong","Title":"Home","Author":"nine miles to go","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6648827","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own anything lalalala. Home Life at the ranch is busier than either of them anticipated. They're up at dawn working until midday, and then Chiles takes classes at the local community college while Beau saddles up and starts songs in his head that Chiles inevitably will finish for him. But no matter how busy the day is, no matter how rushed or chaotic or exhausting, they follow the same routine every night. Beau watches her remove the delicate stars from her earlobes with the same reverence as the day she first received them and then stash them in the nightstand by her bed. Then she leans over and smiles as if only just noticing him there, burrows her head into her chest and says, \"I love you, Beau Hutton.\" He could hear the words in a thousand songs, but none of them compare to the sound of her small, angelic voice in the dark. Sometimes Beau wakes up early in the morning and pulls out his guitar to play. Chiles doesn't mind. She's never needed much sleep and she likes to hear him fiddle, scribbling lyrics and making funny smacking noises with his lips when he gets stuck on a rhyme. As the sun starts peeking through the window one particular morning she props her head on the pillow to watch him. His back is turned to her so it surprises her when he turns his head to the side and says, \"Come on, it's high time you learned a few chords yourself.\" \"Mmm, I'm no good at guitar,\" she says, stretching contentedly in the warm sheets. \"I just like to hear you play.\" \"Well I'd like to hear you play, too. Come on, princess, give it a shot.\" Groaning, she takes her sweet time getting out of bed, sauntering over to him with heavy feet. He shakes his head at her and thrusts the guitar in her direction. She laughs. \"I'm not even sure how to hold this thing.\" He hands it to her and settles it in her lap, wordlessly putting her arms into place and setting her fingers on the different strings. \"Strum it,\" he says. It's an unexpectedly nice feeling, feeling the vibrations of the guitar hum under her fingers. She strums it again, softer this time, and it almost sounds like music. After a minute or so she looks up at Beau, who's sitting there staring at her. \"What?\" she asks, her cheeks reddening. \"Nothing,\" he says, smiling. \"It's just that you look awfully pretty with that guitar in your hands.\" She wrinkles her nose at him playfully. \"Aren't you supposed to think I'm pretty all the time?\" she teases. \"I do,\" he says sincerely. He leans down to kiss her forehead. \"All the time.\" Now she really blushes. He pretends not to notice, taking her small hand in his and repositioning it on the guitar again. \"Now try that one,\" he says. And so began the unspoken determination between the two of them that Chiles Stanton would learn to play her own guitar. \"So,\" he says one night, as she's straining the pasta and he's pulling the bread out of the oven. \"Tell me about the boy you wrote that song for.\" Chiles smirks at him. \"Which boy?\" she says innocently. Beau rolls his eyes at her. \"That song you wrote. 'Little Bit Stronger'?\" he recalls as he shoves the oven mitt back in the drawer and starts arranging the bread on a plate. \"Oh,\" she says in a tone he isn't expecting. He turns over at her and her lips are pursed in the way they when she's flustered. \"I suppose that wasn't for a boy at all.\" He raises his eyebrows. \"Beau Hutton!\" she scolds him playfully, whipping a dishtowel at him. He grins at her, letting her catch him as he makes a show of looking at her butt when she turns away from him. The grin fades just as quickly, though, when he realizes she doesn't intend to answer him. She busies herself with the pasta and he walks over to her, stands behind her and wraps his arms around her shoulders. She leans back and eases herself into his body. \"What was it for, then?\" he asks. A small, wistful smile plays on her lips. \"I wrote it right after I moved out. For good.\" She won't quite look at him and she says, sort of hesitantly, \"My mother had just gotten out of prison and . . . I didn't want to deal with her anymore, so I left.\" Beau feels her settle her weight on him, slumping as if there's a great burden off her chest. She looks up at him, apprehensive, her eyes watery and embarrassed. \"I know it's what everyone thinks, but it wasn't meant for a boy. It was for my mom.\" Only now, sitting on the beach with her head resting on Beau's shoulder, can Chiles understand why Kelly deserved to sing the song about coming home. Kelly had a home, once. She had a mother and a father and a husband the moment she moved out. You could say what you wanted about Kelly's plight, her miscarriage, her career, or her suicide, but one thing was certain—she had always had a family, somewhere to call home. Chiles never had. When she was little and her father was arrested the third time and her mother the second, she was put into foster care, and shuffled from house to house until she was sixteen and her mother was deemed \"fit\" again. Chiles left as soon as she could and knew she would never come back. So when she sang that song, sang the words, \"I'm finally coming home,\" she never understood the depth, the longing, the nostalgia that Kelly must have felt. She knows it now—what coming home means. Home is where Beau is. Before one of their Saturday shows Beau starts acting squirrely. He can't for the life of him stop tuning and retuning his guitar, twisting the knobs and plucking the strings, when he usually doesn't even bother with until he's halfway on stage. \"What's the matter with you?\" Chiles asks a few minutes before they go on. He doesn't seem to hear her. \"Beau,\" she says, waving a hand in front of his face. \"What?\" he says, his head snapping toward her like she pulled him out of a trance. She frowns and shakes her head. \"You're not acting very much like yourself, is all,\" she says, looking him up and down. She's right. His foot's tapping incessantly, the buttons on his shirt are done up wrong, and for the first time she can remember there's a bead of sweat about to fall on his forehead. \"What are you, nervous?\" He laughs, but it sounds strained. \"Course not. That's your job.\" She nudges him defensively. \"I will have you know I have never been nervous a day in my life.\" He shoots her a knowing smirk, throwing his hands up in mock defeat, and for a second everything seems normal again. \"Oh yeah, Chiles. Not once, not ever, right?\" They make it onstage and while she's performing she watches him out of the corner of her eyes, catching almost imperceptible differences in his expressions—his lips are tight and his nostrils are flaring every-so-slightly—but other than that he seems every bit as comfortable performing as he has since she joined him a little over a year and a half ago. \"Ladies and gentlemen, you've been a great audience,\" Beau says into the microphone, ever the charmer. \"We've got one more song for you all tonight, if my duet partner would be so obliged.\" She would recognize the opening chords to \"Give in to Me\" anywhere. She looks at him, puzzled, but he just smiles at her and cocks his head toward the band, looking as relaxed as he has all night. It's been a long time since they sang this song together, but it's as natural as hopping back on a bike. She finds herself as lovestruck as she was the first time they sang this together, looking into his eyes and swaying in her seat, forgetting her nerves and the audience staring at her. By the end of the song they're both smiling like idiots and the drunken crowd is roaring and hooting and clapping their appreciation. \"And if you all don't mind, I have just one more bit tonight,\" Beau says, his eyes flitting nervously to Chiles. He sets his guitar down gently and shuffles to his feet, reaching into his pocket. He clears his throat, looking suddenly petrified. The entire bar seems to hold its breath in anticipation, nobody more so than Chiles, who can't imagine what he's possibly going to say. There's a long, heightened length of a silence before Beau speaks again. \"When I first met you, Chiles, I could never have imagined we'd be where we are right now. That somehow I would fall in love with little miss prom queen Country Barbie.\" She puts a hand to her mouth, because suddenly she knows . \"When I first met you …\" he says again, \"I couldn't stand you.\" They grin at each other, and there are tears in both of their eyes when he says, \"But now I can't imagine a life without you.\" Then he gets down on one knee and everyone starts screaming and hollering in delight but neither of them seem to notice. \"Chiles Stanton,\" Beau says softly, and by some miracle she can hear him over the chaos—\"would you do me the great honor of marrying me?\" \"Yes,\" she says, and she's crying so hard she can't even see the ring, but it's on her finger and Beau is hers forever, and that's all that matters. \"Yes, Beau, I will marry you.\" Now when Chiles wakes up to Beau singing in the middle of the night there isn't a guitar in his arms anymore. \"Darlin' don't you cry tonight, the moon is full and the world is right,\" he sings softly, and the little baby girl pressed against his chest whimpers in response. He rocks her back and forth, almost mindlessly singing, his full attention devoted to her. \"I've loved more than my share, took the pain and called it fair.\" Chiles watches the pair of them, father and daughter, her baby girl nestled in Beau's arms. She thinks back to the night everything changed—the night when, after months of touring with country stars, living out of cars and hotels, and trying to make it big, she woke up and thought, This isn't my life . It was the next day that she boarded the plane to California, the next night that she was back in Beau's arms. And now this. This miracle, this life she never knew she wanted until it was hers, and now she can't imagine any place in the world she'd rather be. Just as their little girl is drifting off to sleep, Chiles steps over to him and joins in softly, \"To rest my heart and ease my past, I'm gonna leave my blues behind.\" They finish the song together, rocking back and forth until the baby is asleep. Beau wraps his other arm around her just as the sun begins to peek through the window, rising on the happy family. Chiles looks up and sees where the light catches Beau's jaw, his warm smile, and when he leans in for a kiss her heart flutters the same way it did the very first time. Then they crawl back into bed together just as dawn is creeping up over the horizon. She turns to him and smiles, then burrows her head into his chest and says the same thing she says every night, the same thing she'll say every night for the rest of their lives: \"I love you, Beau Hutton.\" ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own anything lalalala. Home Life at the ranch is busier than either of them ant"},{"Movie":"Country Strong","Title":"That kind","Author":"Stella296","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6803877","Passage":"[Chapter 1] „Hey Beau.\" Chiles smiled proudly as she held the piece of paper out for him to take it. He did without even looking at it. His eyes were fixed on her. She leaned on the other side of the elevator door against the wall just like him, smiling as if she hadn't had a care in the world. \"Had fun last night?\" Beau asked her. He grinned but there was something else, Chiles could feel it. \"Yeah, I did!\" She returned happily. Their little heart-to-heart after emptying the mini-bar had been fun. \"Good.\" Beau nodded. \"I finished your song text.\" Chiles explained while pointing at the piece of paper in his hand. \"Really? When did you have time to do that?\" Beau hissed. Now showing how mad he really was. Chiles frowned in return, unsure of what she could have done to cause that. \"Just read it.\" she said defensively. Somewhere on the inside it bothered her really much that Beau was like this to her, like all of the stuff between the dressing room a couple of days ago and now hadn't happened. Like they weren't friends . \"Hey Chiles, me and the guys were just talking about the time General Something returned to the Philippines. When was that again?\" Beau snickered in return. \"Are you making fun of me Beau?\" Chiles asked quietly. Her eyes watered up a bit and she gulped. \"Wait, let me check my little flash card here,\" Beau chuckled while he held it up the paper that she'd given to him, properly folded of course. He turned it around and said \"Yes, I am.\" Chiles wanted to return something, giving him a mean answer or at least a cruel smile but nothing came to her so she'd just passed him and walked back to her room. Twenty minutes later. \"Hey James I'm sorry I'm late but…oh…it's you .\" Chiles had pulled herself up from the bed, wipping away her tears when she heard the knock. She'd starting to apologize before she'd opened the door and now it wasn't James standing there but him . \"Let me in or what?\" Beau demanded while leaning against the door frame. \"Nope, I'm busy. With my little flashcards you know.\" Chiles returned while she tried to close the door but Beau had already his foot against it so she couldn't. She sighed and let go of the door. \"Chiles I'm sorry.\" he whispered. She was too surprised to react so Beau used the moment to get and close the door behind him. \"No you're not.\" Chiles snapped over her shoulder as she walked back in the bedroom, starting to pick up stuff and putting it in her suitcase. \"You're right. I'm not really. Actually I'm pretty pissed at you.\" Beau stated, hands shoved in his pockets. \"Why? Because I did answer when my boss, our boss, knocked on my door last night and we didn't do what you had in mind?\" Chiles threw back at him, shaking her head in disbelief. He had to know, no he knew , that this was her dream. \"Oh and what was that, huh?\" Beau shot back, curious to see what she'd answer. \"Screwing me while I was drunk?\" Chiles said in an almost accusing voice. \"That's right. That's what you rather let someone else do instead, huh?\" Beau spat, now really pissed at her. \"How dare you! He's a married man and I'm not that kind of girl.\" Chiles defended when she finally realized what this was all about. Jealousy. Him being jealous at James for her made her feel good, although it probably shouldn't. \"Not that kind of girl. Bullshit!\" Beau snapped mad enough for Chiles to take a step back, away from him. He calmed down then a bit. For some reason, she always seemed so jumpy and afraid when someone yelled or only got loud around her. \"Just because you that kind of guy that doesn't mean that everyone's like that, Beau.\" Chiles said before she could think about it. As soon as it left her mouth, she regretted it. Apologizing wouldn't fix it either, she could tell when she looked in Beau's eyes. She'd hit a nerve. \"Yeah, I see.\" he smiled cruelly and nodded in anger. He passed her and took hold of the door handle. A/N: My first try of writing something for this epic movie. Please be kind when you review ;-) ","Summary":" „Hey Beau.\" Chiles smiled proudly as she held the piece of paper out for him to take it. He did wi"},{"Movie":"Country Strong","Title":"OK","Author":"AdriDee","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6887100","Passage":"[Chapter 1] TITLE : \"OK\" by MUTEMATH CHAPTER 1 : \"Another Try\" by Josh Turner MOVIE : 'Country Strong' PAIRING : Chiles and Beau NOTE : This takes place directly after the film. A lot of one-shots into their lives in the future. DISCLAIMER : I own NOTHING. Country Strong and the characters in this story belong to someone else. I simply just love thinking up ideas and writing them all down. ttttttttttttttttt Beau strummed the last chord on the guitar while still looking into her eyes. She was smiling wide at him and was leaning over to him, her lips close to his. He was about to push himself into her when the sound of clapping disrupted his thinking. That's when he remembered. They were at a bar. Performing. Beau cleared his throat and leaned into his microphone. \"Thank you. Thank you very much. Glad to know y'all enjoyed that number. Ain't Miss Stanton here quite the songwriter?\" he asked as he motioned over to Chiles. The crowd gave a loud cheer. Chiles' cheeks turned slightly red as she lifted her hand in recognition to the audience. \"Thank ya much,\" she said softly into the microphone. She turned and shook her head slightly at Beau. He grinned at her. He knew she didn't like compliments that weren't related to her looks. She had been given recognition of her physical beauty all her life and people had lacked to notice the intellectual gift she carried. He too had failed to notice it until they started touring together. In the few weeks they had worked together, Beau Hutton had gotten a glimpse of the true Chiles Stanton. He saw the passion, love, devotion, and gift she held for music. He constantly heard the voices of Jessi Colter and Brenda Lee from Chiles' iPod when she thought no one was paying attention. Once, when she had left her iPod unattended for one of her many interviews, he had scrolled through it out of curiosity. He had been amazed by all the artists listed. So much outlaw country, southern rock, folk, Americana, and bluegrass songs. More than 7,000 songs were on it, only 1,000 of which were Pop or Country Pop. Beau had plugged in her iPod into his laptop to see what the number of plays were for the songs. It was no joke; Chiles Stanton surely knew and breathed country music. Beau wasn't sure if that was the action that caused him to start falling for her, but he didn't care. Whatever it was that made him open his eyes to the incredible woman before his eyes, he was grateful. Beau took his eyes from her and went back into the crowd. \"We're gon' take a small break everybody. We'll be back in ten.\" There were some moans from the crowd, but they went back to their drinks. Beau turned to Chiles. \"Want a beer?\" She nodded. \"Sure.\" They headed over to the bar and ordered their drinks. As the bartender got their drinks ready, Beau turned his attention to Chiles once again. She returned his stare and gave him another one of her shy, small smiles. \"How ya been, Beau?\" He gave a shrug. \"Alright, I guess. Nothing to complain about.\" Lie , a voice in his head said. Beau couldn't argue with the self-accusation. Yes, he loved the crowd and being able to play his music still, but ever since Kelly's funeral, things hadn't felt in place. He was pretty sure what it was. Chiles turned over to the people in the bar. \"They sure seem to love you. Won them right over in less than 3 weeks.\" She turned back to him, a proud glint in her eyes. He didn't say a thing. His smile sort of faded as he stared deeply into her eyes. The memories they had shared those three weeks of touring came bringing up some feelings. \"So, how you been? Heard you landed a record deal with RCA,\" he said just as the bartender came with their drinks. He saw this caught Chiles off-guard. Beau was sure she didn't think he would be keeping up with what happened to her. \"How-how did you know-?\" He shrugged, not giving her an answer. She looked down, a little embarrassed. \"Uh...I, uh turned it down.\" Beau felt his eyes popping out of his sockets. \"You what?\" She cleared her throat. \"It just didn't sit right with me. My manager thought I was crazy.\" Something clicked in Beau's head. \"Oh, yeah. I heard James retired and that someone else stepped in his shoes.\" Chiles nodded. \"Yeah, this sleezeball named Samuel McCullers.\" She shivered and made a face. \"He kept wantin' to change me. Kept puttin' me in these real sleezy dresses and real heavy makeup. Wanted to turn me more into a model than an artist. The songs he and the producers kept pitching to me were too...\" she shook her head in a frustrated motion. Beau frowned. \"Too what? Pop? I thought that's the kinda music you wanted?\" He knew that deep down, Chiles did not at all want to be a Pop Star. She was more than that. Had too much potential but she did not want to see it, for whatever reason. Chiles shook her head. \"These songs went beyond Pop-more than Taylor Swift Country Pop. There was no meaning in the lyrics-it was as if some kid had written them. There were no acoustic instruments being used, all electrical. Repetitive and boring. There was no... soul .\" Her eyes locked on his and she fell silent. There was something behind those deep brown eyes of hers that was going on. She had a look on her that said she was reliving something. He didn't know what it was, but he was sure he had a good idea: the times they performed together. The beauty in the song they had written together had become one of his proudest achievements. And performing with her brought out the best in his music. She gave a small smirk. \"Think I gotta blame you for that. Durin' the tour I was more selective with the songs I sang cuz I wanted to prove to you I was a true artist.\" Beau shook his head. \"Ya didn't need to prove me anything.\" A snicker came out of her. \"You know I did.\" She took a sip of her beer. \"Thought me to be the perfect Country Barbie Doll.\" He held back laughter. It was ironic how things turned out. Before he had detested her and when he found out they were going to be touring together, he all but almost killed himself. Now... \"I was mistaken,\" he slurred and had a nice drink of his beer. From the corner of his eye, he saw her grinning. \"Hey once y'all stopped with your drinking and flirting, you think you can get back on the stage?\" asked a guy who had come next to them. \"Yeah,\" Beau answered. He turned to Chiles. \"I wrap up at midnight. Stick around til then?\" Just as Chiles nodded, the guy interrupted. \"Wait, wait, wait. You sayin' Mini-Patsy Cline here isn't gonna play with you? What kinda horse-shit is that?\" \"Oh, I'm just here to visit, I'm not-\" Chiles began to answer. \"Ya wanna get on stage there with me?\" Beau asked as he took a step towards her. He would love nothing more than to sing with her again. To feel that connection again with her. Chiles' eyes went back to Beau and a sincere smile appeared. \"Only if you want me to, Beau.\" He gave her a flirtatious smile. \"I'd love you to.\" She took a step towards him. \"OK.\" \"Alright alright. Enough with the eye-fucking. Just get on up there, will ya?\" The guy turned his back and headed to his friends. Beau finished his beer. \"Ya ready?\" Chiles nodded. \"Yeah. What are we gonna sing, though?\" Beau lead the way back to the stage. \"What d'ya have in mind? Friends in Low Places? Words I Couldn't Say? Chances Are? A Little Bit Stronger?\" He got to his seat and got his guitar. She took her seat next to him. \"Chicken Fried?\" Beau laughed. \"Zac Brown it is.\" He began to strum his guitar. ttttttttttttttttt AN : Please leave feedback. I don't know when I'll return back to this. I have a couple of ideas floating around, but not sure when I'll get back to writing another chapter. ","Summary":" TITLE : \"OK\" by MUTEMATH CHAPTER 1 : \"Another Try\" by Josh Turner MOVIE : 'Country Strong' PAIR"},{"Movie":"One Special Night","Title":"Choices","Author":"JanetAndrews","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2777494","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I do not own the characters or the rights to this movie. Nor do I make money from this. This is all for my fun - and hopefully for someone else's. This story came about when I heard a story about how two people who I care about very much, met each other. I took the story of OSN a little out of the original time flow but I think this is something that could have happened to these characters. I hope you can see that too. Enjoy :) It was cold that day. The wet snow slammed against her window and the cold crept up on her, causing her to shiver in her woollen cardigan that was hidden beneath a soft blanket, wrapped around her shoulders. Her stiff fingers drummed against the tea glass in her hands, the liquid inside warming her palms. Outside it was quiet, the entire world was covered in a thick layer of snow, the sight seemed fluffy and comfortable – in reality the frozen sidewalk was nothing less than treacherous and a danger for those who never learned to watch their steps. She took a sip and swallowed her tea, her throat felt like sand paper and she lifted her hand to rub her throat, as if that would help her feel better. Her fever had increased again; she didn't even need a thermometer to check it. Her muscles were aching, her cheeks burning and her headache seemed to paralyse her, banging inside her temple in a rhythmic pattern. She reached out to place down her tea glass and rip another tissue from the box on the windowsill, causing her rocking chair to move a little and she sat back, pressing the soft paper against her eyes. She didn't even know if the tears that formed in her eyes were a result of her physical or her psychic condition. But she knew they threatened to roll down her cheeks and she rather prevented that. For three days straight now. Oh sweet Lord. Was it worth it? To put her life on hold for a man who had never asked her to wait around for him? Was it worth it to stay the woman in the shadow, trying to get a smile on his face with all her strength so he could carry on? Was it worth to keep her thoughts and dreams to herself because he had enough troubles as it was already? She didn't know. She rubbed her temple with her fingertips, vaguely registering a faint sting in her empty stomach. When was the last time she had a good meal? This morning? Yesterday evening? Maybe, some day she would learn to grasp why it was that she was still sitting here like a damned fool, waiting by the phone for a sign of life – when she knew all too well he wasn't going to give it to her. In some twisted way the phone was her best friend and her worst enemy at the same time. It was her connection to the outside world but also a silent sign that she was alone. And at times like this she could hear the silence in the living room, the clock ticking the minutes away ruthlessly. She should go to bed and let the phone ring if it did. Maybe she needed a little distance. Maybe she would finally understand why she could only remember the glorious sensation he brought out in her when he was with her, while the dark stings of pain took possession over her when he left. Maybe she would ever know. Probably not. She shivered and closed the blanket around her firmer, shielding herself from the cruelty of her own body. It ached. Everything ached. Her pain. Her heart. Her sorrow. Her choice even. He had never asked her for anything but she had decided to give. Like she kept on giving in the past, she was giving in the present and if nothing would change – she would be giving until the day she would die. He was tender, he was dear, he was sweet and he was grateful. Grateful for her love, care and devotion. For her warmth, sincerity, generosity and trust. He had thanked her for being in his life. She knew that she was his. But he wasn't hers. How in the world did she end up in a situation like this anyway? Why was it that every time she seemed to find a goal in life again, her own stupidity seemed to wreck it? Why did she ever let him in, she should have known better in the first place. She should have known she would end up in this confused emotional state, she had felt it from the first night she had laid eyes on him. Back then her body had reacted on him right away; did she really think she would be able to control her feelings when she allowed him to come closer? Of course not. She was a fool. A damned lonely fool with a heart that was big enough to help the entire world – but she couldn't help herself anymore. She had lost weight. He didn't know that because she hadn't told him. And she never let him touch her so he wouldn't feel it. But she had, the scale in her bathroom told her every day she wasn't doing well. As if she didn't know that already. No she wasn't doing well, she should take her life back again. Being able to stand there as the strong woman she really was, to stand up for herself, to protect herself. To cry when she wanted to, and oh god she wanted to. Every word he spilled hurt her. Every story he shared broke something inside her. Every anecdote he told seemed to falter her self esteem. And she allowed him. Because he was a stronger man when he left her house. Because she meant something to him. Because she knew that he needed her in order to survive. And that thought frightened her. She was more scared than she had ever been. And she didn't want to be scared anymore. She wanted to be able to look herself straight in the eye. Oh there had been times in which she wanted to tell him. When he was sitting there in his favourite chair, finally asking how she was doing. The words were already forming in her mouth but she swallowed them back when she saw his sincere face looking at her. He had never promised her anything. She was his friend. Not his lover. Not his wife. His friend and confidant. And all the letters she had written to him. Pages and pages of explanation and excuses. That she couldn't see him anymore. How much she loved him. And how angry she was at life and at herself for losing control like this. One letter she had actually taken out to the mailbox – but instead of dropping it in there she'd let it fall in the trashcan next to it. She was a coward. The doorbell startled her and she had to tear herself away from her comfortable position in her chair, stammering on her way over to the front door. The tiles felt cold under her slippers and she shivered, closing her blanket firmer around her shoulders. Her way to the front door seemed to take hours, vaguely registering a faint image of the mailman through the stained glass. She never said anything when she opened the door for him, she managed to smile politely at him before she accepted the small package and closed the outside world out again. Moving back to her chair she sat down, staring at the box in her hands. It was quite heavy really; she couldn't remember that she had ordered something. Carefully she opened it, unfolding the piece of paper that was inside and a smile tugged on her lips when she saw what it was attached to. She placed the jar with peanut butter on her windowsill and shrugged herself in her blanket again. She smiled again. He knew. So was it worth to wait around? No. But she knew already she would keep on doing it. Because his wife needed him. Because she could help him how to say goodbye to her. Because she had been there. He needed her and he needed her guidance. Maybe one day she would be able to tell him. And if not – she would always have that one special night in a secluded cabin. She would stay in the shadows as long as he needed her there. She could wait a little while longer. Leaning her head against the back of her chair she sighed deeply, returning her attention to the white world outside. The wet snow seemed to settle down a bit, no longer slamming against her window but knocking gently. She closed her eyes, letting the rhythm of her rocking chair calm her down. Quiet. Peaceful. Comforting. And finally she fell asleep. -------------------------------------------- Confused. That was the word, he was confused. Confused by the sensation in his stomach, by the fear in his head, by the hope in his heart and maybe mostly – the panic high in his throat. He was scared, scared to death of losing her. Of saying goodbye to what was once them, to their dreams, hopes and maybe more their reality. He wasn't sure if he could do it, wasn't sure about his own strength that he once knew he had inside him. It seemed to leave him at unexpected and unwanted moments; as if he couldn't depend on his own body and mind anymore. Like she couldn't depend on hers. Saying goodbye. How to say goodbye to a loved one – there should be a manual for it. He didn't know how. Didn't want to know probably. Here he was, making his way over to nowhere; shielding his face against the violent flakes of snow that seemed to sting him like tiny little needles because he had felt the need to get out. God he needed air, he couldn't find it in him to sit there for hours and hours again – waiting for a change that wouldn't come, or maybe a change he didn't want to come. Would he be able to manage it alone? Would he be capable of being both a mother and a father to their daughters? And why was it that he mostly worried about being there for them; how to pull them through the dark period of mourning when he didn't even know how he was going to pull through it himself? Oh, the times one of them had caught him when he was sitting there on the verge of breaking; almost losing control over his emotions and actions and deadly scared they would see his tears. He couldn't let them. Didn't want them to worry about their father as well. They needed all their energy to focus on their mother and he wouldn't let them shift their attention. He needed to be there for them and not the other way around. How to do that – God he had no idea. He closed his eyes when he turned around the corner, the cold wind freezing his thoughts for a split second. It was a relief. There were times that life didn't seem that bad though. Sometimes he actually managed to forget his sorrows for a second, there were even times when he laughed out loud. Without exception, every time he had felt guilty afterwards. How could he laugh? How could he smile without his wife next to him to share it? How could he allow his grandson to talk about him alone – as if his grandma had never been there? How could he let him forget about her? Oh he knew why. Because his life wasn't ending. Because she wouldn't have wanted him to be miserable forever. God, he was thinking about her as if she had passed away already. Maybe he had already started to say goodbye. Without noticing it. Without trying to stop it. Bloody fool. He shook his head, burying his ears deeper in the safety of his scarf. The one she had given him three years ago, the one she had found for him in Italy. Lately he found himself thinking back to the way things were. More and more he was realizing how lucky he had been for most parts of his life; with the laughter of his children, the beauty of a painting or the warm sun on his skin. He had taken it all for granted, the miracle of life around him; the rhythmic comforting sound of a heartbeat – the warmth of a body next to him in bed. He had been missing that more than anything he could think of. He missed her. He held his pace and for the first time he lifted his head to see where he was, the falling snow hindering his sight and the wind causing him to stagger. And he stared at the house where he shouldn't be. Yes confused. He was confused. Because with everything that happened he had never expected to see a light at the end of the tunnel. It took him completely by surprise when he wasn't looking for it and it had knocked him sideways. He had seen a light. A light with short hair and a loving smile. He searched for that light when darkness took possession over him; struggling to see it - trying desperately to find it. And every time he finally found it he wanted to close his eyes right away; because he shouldn't have searched for it in the first place. He shouldn't be there with her, shouldn't allow himself to find the company of a woman who made him feel better. But oh, she made him feel better if only for a short while. Ever since they had that night together he had troubles putting her out of his mind, as if she wandered around inside of him – whispering words in his ear that made him smile although he couldn't hear her. Every once in a while knocking him back to reality when he was falling into dark ponderings; telling him to keep control. At first he hadn't seen it coming; he knew he was starting to care again but it had felt good; warm, soft and gentle. In some way he found something of himself in her; she had a knack of uncovering his deepest thoughts, although he never allowed her. Simply by being there she gave him a sign that it was all right; that he should talk – that he should feel . And he had talked and he was still feeling, there had been evenings in which they had a long conversation but more than that there had been meetings in which they didn't talk at all. Sitting together on the wooden bench near the lake, lost in thoughts; watching, remembering, mesmerizing. And she'd always let him go when he felt that he should. Without using words he had told her too much; he felt he was opening up to her in a way that he wasn't ready for. He shouldn't be there. He should put a stop to it. He wasn't honest to either one of them. The last time he had seen her it had been in her house, her face was pale and her eyes weren't as warm as they used to. She was putting distance between them, or maybe she was reacting to his inner turmoil he wasn't sure. He had asked her if she was all right and she had tried to comfort him – her smile never reaching her eyes when he pushed her to be honest. And that was it. He couldn't find the strength to worry about two women, he should stop. And he had planned to do just that but he had confused her even more probably, by sending her a note and something that connected them. Peanut butter. With a note saying that she should take care of herself. And now he didn't know how to proceed next. He was confused. Needed some time alone. To go through this. To come out stronger. Hugging himself from the cold he sighed deeply, his breath blowing away in the frozen wind, his eyes closed. And he walked off. -------------------------------------------- 8 MONTHS LATER: She inhaled deeply, letting the sun warm her inside and she smiled by the sight of children running around; skating, playing, enjoying the weather. There was something appealing about the change in seasons, as if one appreciated it better when there was an obvious change in temperature. How much she dreaded the cold in wintertime; she was also fascinated by the colour pattern in the sky when winter slowly crept in, the colours of the leaves creating the image of a red fire and the frozen ground where, strangely enough, life never seemed to stop. Every year the green leaves would come out; popping by to say hello to make sure nobody would forget about them. It never failed to make her smile. The lake was calm, wrinkling along with the soft breeze of the late summer wind, making the sunlight glitter at the surface. It warmed her neck and she closed her eyes to enjoy the feeling of the streams of light that seemed to massage her neck. Until she didn't feel it anymore. \"Is this seat taken?\" His dark voice came from behind her, she opened her eyes and suddenly her heart was in her throat. She had been waiting for this moment but now that it was there she wasn't prepared. In a way she was afraid to turn and meet his gaze, as if she would see something she didn't want to. So she just shook her head and waited for the inevitable. He sighed deeply when he saw her reaction; realizing that he felt the same thing – nervousness, anxiety but also a thrill. Was she ready to deal with him again? Was he ready to deal with her? He had come here to sit and watch the lake; to say hello after all this time. And in the back of his mind he had known that he wouldn't be alone. Moving around the back of the bench he sat down, careful not to touch her, not meeting her gaze but looking straight ahead. Not a sound came from next to him, just a reassuring breath. He leaned forward with his arms on his knees, staring over the lake. God 8 months. It had been 8 months since he saw her last. And a lot had happened in those months, he had learned that he indeed was capable of saying goodbye. That he could fulfil a role in his daughters' lives and maybe more – that he learned that he needed them just as much as the other way around. He had found it again. He knew that he was able to face the bottom but that he was on his way to climb up. And look who he ran into. She couldn't look at him; couldn't search for his expression, couldn't let him see the truth in her eyes. Her hands felt like they were moving constantly but in reality they were frozen in her lap, her face directed at the glittering lake. She had moved on without him; after she realized he needed some time she had decided to give it to him. Not a day went by in which she didn't think of him, mostly right before she fell asleep. And now he was here. Close. She could almost touch him. Almost. \"The wind is changing,\" he stated, rubbing his hands together. She had to answer. \"Last day of summer,\" she replied, nodding a little and blinking when he sat back. For a moment it was silent and he swallowed, finally shifting so he could meet her gaze. She had already turned to face him and their eyes locked; trying to read what went on in the other. She hadn't changed that much, he lips were tensed but her cheeks were red, healthy red. She was wearing a new necklace; it matched her earrings and both sparkled. Just as her eyes. He looked better than she had expected him to, his hair was a bit long in the neck and his shirt was wrinkled but his face was smooth. He looked younger in a way, his eyes were open and sincere. Until they narrowed because he smiled. \"Are you hungry?\" he asked and she shook her head. No she wasn't hungry. \"I read it in the paper, about Mary Beth…\" she started and he nodded, giving her a sideward glance when he moved to lean with his back against the bench again. \"Yes, it's been 7 months now,\" he said, smiling when he heard her inhale deeply. Oh dear god she was so confused. And she couldn't stand it that she reacted so intensely to his presence; she was a grown woman, a doctor, an adult. Silence fell between them again and the wind blew around them, red leaves playing a game before their feet. He felt at ease. It was good. Slowly he moved his arm and placed his hand in the middle of the bench, his shoulder touching hers now. She was warm. She hesitated but not long, slowly she lifted her own hand to place it carefully in his – staring down when their fingers entwined. He rubbed her palm slowly, delicate and loving. Her stomach dropped. Maybe it had been worth it after all.[Chapter 2] Hey everybody, I'm back with Robert and Catherine. Although the story speaks for itself, I feel that I should explain what's different between the movie and the way I wrote them. When I watch iOne Special Night/i I always feel that things are moving way too fast, that the two characters need more time to come to terms. Despite the fact that this is one of my favourite movies of all time, I felt like I had to give them more time. To see what would happen when Mary Beth kept on living just a little while longer. In the first two chapters you could see that Catherine and Robert stayed friends but that their feelings for each other came too soon, it wasn't their time yet. In my humble opinion, they needed some time apart to see if what was happening between them wasn't just a reaction to the cruel circumstances life put them in. They met again, eight months later on their bench and they're on the road to find out what's left of their feelings. If it was for real. If you want to join them, read on. If you don't want to, that's fine too. Let me know what you think please, it means a lot to me to know that. She had never expected this rush of emotions when she agreed to have dinner with him – nor had she guessed that she would ever dread something that was supposed to be fun. But she was dreading it all right. With a sigh she slammed her closet shut again, staring down at her entire wardrobe spread out on her bed; neatly divided in piles to prevent them from wrinkling. She scolded herself for not being more fashion minded; she should have cared more about her appearance in the past. She had always thought that there was no reason to dress up for dinner alone and her white doctor's coat covered up every outfit anyway. She now realized she had absolutely nothing to wear. Casual clothes as far as the eye could see but nothing fancy. Nothing. Absolutely nothing. That was the least of her problems really. She sat down on her bed, covering her cheeks with both hands and closing her eyes. She was acting silly. As usual. After they had parted this afternoon she couldn't understand how she was feeling really. Her mind was reeling with possibilities and confused thoughts, going back and forth about what had happened. She wasn't sure how she should be feeling; even though he had been nothing but nice and sweet –she was confused by his presence and what message he sent to her. Maybe things weren't that confusing. Simply by holding her hand he had given her a sign that he was a free man again. A free man with a past. And she was a free woman with a past. They hadn't even talked for that long; she guessed that both were a bit taken a bit surprised by what suddenly was there – a chance for something new. Funny, she would have thought she would be thrilled when that moment arrived–and of course she was – but she also felt a different sensation that caused her to stand here with trembling hands and a flushed color on her cheeks. She couldn't describe it as anything but sheer terror. Yes she felt fear, fear for making real what she had been picturing in sleepless nights. Fear that nobody could live up to be the person she had turned him into. Fear for letting herself be carried away by the possibility of a new romance – twisting her reality into something more risky and exciting than she could handle. What if she couldn't be what he was looking for, if in fact, he was looking for something? She opened her eyes and frowned. Why was she wrecking her only decent skirt by sitting on top of it? Shoot. She got up, shutting her worries off for a moment as she ran down the stairs and grabbed her coat from the coat rack, throwing it on her and not bothering to close it. She had one more thing to do before she would finally decide what to wear – she might just as well do it right away. From the moment they had parted she had felt the urge to go to the place where she would find comfort and hopefully a bit of understanding. He wouldn't yell at her for sure. ----------------------------------------- His footsteps echoed on the sidewalk and he was taking brisk steps; he always did that when he had a clear destination. It was definitely getting colder; the wind seemed to enjoy ripping off as many leaves from the trees as possible. He passed a group of women; not failing to notice the curious looks they threw at him. He smiled amused when he heard the whispering behind his back, clearly they wondered if he was off to see a lady friend. The bouquet of roses in his hand apparently gave them enough reason to start gossiping until the sun would set. Women. He tasted the word. Lady friend. Yes, he would call her just that for the time being although he had no idea what she would become. He recalled the flustered look on her face when he asked her out to dinner, her eyes widening at the prospect of a full evening together. It would be nice to feel the presence of a friend. And yet, he knew they weren't just two friends getting together –the way her hand warmed his was far too entrancing to kid himself. He had no idea what he was going to talk about that evening, after all it had been a while since they had spoken last and in a way he was afraid that the ease in which they used to communicate was gone. Hell, maybe he wasn't just thinking he was afraid – maybe he was convinced of it. Of course it would be different now that he was free to act in the way he wanted, if only he knew what it was he wanted. Crossing the street he slowed down his pace when he approached his destination. His smile faded when he pushed open the gate; inhaling deeply when he felt the silent and peaceful atmosphere that could only exist at a cemetery. If someone brought him here with a blindfold he would recognize it within seconds. Slowly he found his way over the stone path, passing countless silent places of grief and memories. He couldn't really remember all the details of the day he had buried her, standing there with his family around him – saying goodbye to the one person who was missing. The memory of seeing her casket lowering in the ground would be etched in his mind forever though. It was a strange feeling to be here after what had happened earlier that day – the past, present and future calling out to him in just a few hours of time. His daughters came here more often than he did; somehow he didn't need to be here to find her. He met her in little simple things like the sweet smell of Italian coffee or the sound of a pencil scraping on a piece of paper. It was enough to say hello from time to time; he didn't need to look at a piece of stone and actually talk to it. What was left of her body might be there but her soul was somewhere else; he was convinced of that the moment he saw she had left the world. He could only hope it was a better place. He stopped when he reached her grave, looking at her name that was carved out of stone to last for eternity. The candle next to the headstone was still burning; his grandson had found one that operated on batteries and it turned out to be a smart idea; no wind, rain or snow would ever extinguish this flame. He kneeled down, carefully placing his roses on the white gravel of her grave – creating a cheerful contrast in color. He sat there for a while, staring at the motionless scene before him and he smiled when a little brown bird landed on the headstone and stayed there - clearly it wasn't afraid of him. Some things can't be explained he realized, but he smiled nonetheless as the living creature studied him with the same interest. After a short while the bird flew off, he watched it leave and suddenly his eyes caught movement two paths away. He narrowed his eyes to focus. Oh boy. She was kneeling and she hadn't seen him, he was sure. Her hands were busy, moving non-stop to plant a small bush in the earth next to a white tombstone. Her sunglasses were dark but they couldn't hide her expression; concentrated and focused on the job to be done. He shouldn't look at her; he was intruding on her privacy and yet he couldn't find it in him to cast his eyes away – this was the first time he saw her unaware of her surroundings and somehow this moment showed the real her. There was something entrancing about watching her. The intimacy of her movements, the concentration on her face when she looked up to glance at the cloudy sky above her – and now she looked right at him. He was sorry right away for staring at her when he saw her reaction, her hands frozen in the cold earth, her face flustered and shocked. He was invading her privacy in the worst way ever, that much he realized when he took a step back and threw a careful smile at her. Her eyes narrowed when she reached up to shove her sunglasses in her hair and his smile faded when she didn't answer his gesture. For a short silent moment their eyes were locked but after a little hesitation she finished her job – tucking in the roots of the plant with the same care with which she would nurture a baby. Her actions were more determined now that she knew he was watching her and finally she was struggling to get up, her hands were covered in sand and her knees a little wet from the dirt she had been kneeling in. For a moment he didn't know what to do but she solved his problem by cleaning her hands, gathering her belongings and starting to walk in his direction; carefully sidestepping the little pools of mud that were slowly forming under the grey sky. He never even realized it had started to rain. The rain increased a bit, gently moistening her hair and shoulders as she made her way over to him; a little shaken by this unexpected meeting. When she met his gaze she thought she was imagining things; he was at a place where he shouldn't be – or maybe more where she didn't want him to be. And for a split second she had felt embarrassed that he had caught her in an intimate moment; that he had seen her without her noticing it. But that sensation crumbled away inside her when she realized where he was standing and that their goals were similar this afternoon. He moved towards her now and she shook her head when she read his feelings from his attitude, for the first time she saw him acting a bit embarrassed. \"The wind is indeed changing,\" she said when he opened his mouth to say something – anything to get rid of the awkward position they had found themselves in. No, what he had put them in by staring at her. \"Listen Catherine, I eh…\" he started, to break off his sentence when he noticed something written on a tombstone nearby. \"Son of a … that guy is dead? How could I have missed that?\" he turned to read the inscriptions better, a surprised look on his face. She raised her brow, what on earth was he doing? \"A friend of yours?\" she asked, narrowing her eyes to read when the poor person had died. \"No, not exactly!\" he answered, smirking when he read the small sentence under his name. \" Nathan Welsh, Plumber,\" he snorted, shaking his head in disbelief. \"Somehow asshole would be a better description.\" \"Robert!\" she couldn't believe what he just did but in a way she was relieved they had something to talk about, anything was better than standing there like they had the world on their shoulders and were afraid to talk about it. \"I'm telling you, this guy is responsible for a whole lot of floating pieces of digested food in my hallway.\" She frowned confused. \"What?\" \"The toilet overflowed. I was being polite,\" he explained and after a little moment of silence he breathed relieved, she laughed out loud now. Situation under control he believed. \"Well, I'll leave you to do your things now,\" she said, smiling shortly and making an attempt to turn around – stopping when she felt his hand on her shoulder. \"I'm ready to go,\" he said, \"Mind if I walk with you?\" Ignoring the possible double meaning in his words she nodded and carefully they strolled along in silence, a little too aware of their own and each other's presence. It was strange to be at the one place where they never expected the other to be – the one place where they would find privacy and yet; it felt good to share this. At least the other understood. \"Define irony,\" Robert grinned after a little while and pointed at a large grave that they just passed; it was covered with flowers and there were three names visible on the black stone on top of it. \"This guy got into a car accident with both his wife and mistress in the same car and they ended up burying them together.\" \"Goodness, you're serious?\" she asked, narrowing her eyes to read the inscriptions. \"Yes, apparently the family decided to have one place to remember them by because –\" he broke his sentence and pointed at their names. \"His mistress was her sister?\" she gasped, covering her mouth. \"Yup, I hope for his sake that they put him in the middle,\" he laughed and to his relief she grinned as well, blushing deeply when she realized they were mocking the dead. Shame on them. Someone above seemed to agree because a sudden flash of lightning streaked through the air a second later, causing them both to snap their heads back at each other and make a run for it; forgetting all about Nathan Welsh and the unlucky trio. Catherine hastened her way away from the cemetery first, holding her purse above her head in a failed attempt to save her hair from a disaster; she would have to blow dry it all over again before dinner. Shoot. The rain poured down heavily now, creating a mud pool before their very eyes and it was odd to leave the cemetery in a hurry, there was always this unspoken rule that one would cross the paths in a serene manner instead of rushing out of there. It was of no use anyway, by the time they reached the iron gate she was completely drenched, her pink blouse sticking to her body underneath her jacket and quickly she covered herself up with her arms, ignoring the drops that ran down her face now. Without hesitation she made a run to the safety of her car, seeing him closing his coat quickly and stopping on the sidewalk. \"Where's your car?\" she shouted, fiddling with her keys to open hers. \"On my driveway,\" he replied, raising his brows when she gestured at the passengers seat and sat down, opening the door for him. She smiled at him. \"Unless you were planning on swimming home?\" ----------------------------------------- The soft blanket felt warm under her legs, her feet were warm and she let her toes wiggle in the safety of her slippers. Would someone ever understand why a mature lady, a doctor for god's sake, was sitting in her living room in the middle of the night in her pajamas, staring at the night outside without seeing anything? She just couldn't sleep with all that was happening, or maybe more the promise of what lay ahead or -- maybe what she was hoping that would lay ahead. Their evening together turned out to be quite nice, she had to admit that going out on a date was quite unexpected and challenging to say the least. They never went home after she had invited him into the privacy of her car, something she had never expected to happen again. She grinned when she remembered his face when he had to fold himself to get in her Jaguar again; he would never get used to that one. She guessed it was a natural way to start their date; she had absolutely no time to worry about her outfit or looks. The down part was that, being unexpected, she didn't have time to prepare herself for being with him again. As a result, the happy sensations of sheer expectation that she had been hoping for never came, in fact she would find out that their connection was still there – but less obvious than she thought it would be. He was nice and interested, of course that was his nature, but the deep emotional tension between them seemed to have vanished in the air and it was replaced by something unknown. What had she expected anyway, that he would sweep her off her feet in seconds, take her in his arms and abduct her to Paris? Of course not, she wouldn't even want him to. She still could see herself sitting there in her car and later in the restaurant, smiling about little stories he shared about his grandson and nodding along when he explained why his eldest daughter eventually left her husband. It didn't even surprise her, a woman's pride and trust is something that can't be messed with and to be honest, she praised Lori for choosing a life on her own. That young woman was strong and would do fine, with a little help from her father of course. And she had shared her experiences as well, that she was giving a first aid course in the Medical Center these days after her regular shift in the hospital. She didn't share that she had made the decision to stay as active as possible to keep her head alert and her body vital. And with success, she felt a whole lot better than she did a year ago. After the dinner the raining had stopped and they had taken a walk together, enjoying the fresh air and knowing that they both needed a little time to get used to these new circumstances. He had invited her to share stories about her work and she had told him, walking on the sidewalk at an easy pace. He was turned towards her, taking slow steps backwards and listening intensely with his hands buried in his pockets. Both of them were reluctant to touch each other again or to talk about their shared past – somehow it would feel like pushing things and there was a silent agreement to let things happen. This evening wasn't about what could have been or would ever be, she couldn't and wouldn't even think that far yet. And as they were walking there, she realized that she wasn't even sure if their friendship as she once knew it, was still there, it had changed since the last time they spoke and in a way she had feared that it would change into… well, nothing. But then they held still in front of her door and suddenly, like the flash of lightning in the cemetery, something happened inside her. It wasn't because of something he had said or done, it was an uncertain tingly feeling in the pit of her stomach that made her realize that there was still something awake in her. It was slumbering and it was quiet but it was there, fluttering inside her while he spoke. She couldn't remember what he said exactly but she remembered that she had pressed her lips together as she watched him with the familiar surroundings of her garden behind him and it had hit her. He was back in her life, he really was. Goodness. She wasn't sure if he knew what was happening inside her, or that he was aware of the sudden change in tension between them; all she was sure of that he had felt the need to leave. Their goodbye was nice and friendly, a short kiss on her cheek and a squeeze of his hand was enough to make her smile gratefully at him and she thought for a second that their eyes locked – but the moment passed and he was gone. He never even promised her to call her. Getting up from her comfortable position on the sofa she walked over to her wooden cabinet and she swallowed, her finger caressing the glass that protected her favourite picture of Tom. She still remembered the moment she took it, the day of their 25th wedding anniversary and it would be etched in her mind forever. One of the last days in the joy of not knowing, one of the last golden days spent in the safety of being healthy. She fingered her necklace. If only they had appreciated it more. After once last glance at his image she sighed deeply and left the living room, leaving him behind in darkness. She really should try to get some sleep now. ----------------------------------------- \"Dad? Dad where are you?\" Lori's voice came floating towards him through the open door and he looked up, almost hitting himself on the fingers with his hammer and he swore under his breath. \"Yeah, I'm here sweetheart!\" he shouted, placing down his tools and smiling broadly when the sweet little face of his granddaughter appeared in the doorway. \"Hello Mary, come to grandpa!\" he called out to her, kneeling down to catch her in his arms as she came crawling towards him. \"Why are you home this early?\" he asked when Lori entered the garden and avoided the grabbing hands of his grandchild when she tried to take the pencil that was stuck behind his ear. She succeeded of course. \"Early? It's past six, where is your head these days?\" his daughter frowned, bending down to pick up a few tools that were lying around as usual. Her father was the sweetest grandfather in the world but not a sensible one. \"I'm sorry, I guess I lost track of time,\" he said and moved back inside with her, releasing the little girl to crawl on the floor. \"Is Michael with Jeff?\" \"Yes, it's his weekend away with his father remember? Jeff is taking him to the football game,\" Lori answered and looked around her. \"I take it you haven't made dinner?\" \"Does the stove look like it's been used?\" he threw back the question and he was sorry right away when she sighed and opened the fridge to start cooking. \"No, I'm sorry – I completely forgot.\" He frowned, he still had to get used to the fact that she was living here now. Temporarily of course, until she found a place for her own and her two children. When she had decided to go through with the divorce it had felt natural to take her back in. In a way it turned out for the best for everyone. \"Darling, I'm going to take a shower before dinner,\" he said and picked little Mary up to place her in her chair, handing her a toy to play with. That would keep her quiet for at least ten minutes he hoped. \"Don't forget to shave,\" his daughter replied, shaking her head amused when he didn't respond. Always the same discussion. Entering his bedroom he sank down on the edge of his bed, running his hands through his hair as he listened to the commotion downstairs. Usually he enjoyed their company, the silence that Mary Beth had left behind was heavy as lead sometimes, but lately he felt that he longed for a little privacy. When he was at work in the afternoon he could do whatever his heart desired but the evenings were dedicated to Lori and her two darling children. They were the joy in his life, of course, but sometimes he longed for an adult conversation rather than reading stories and smelling the scent of diapers. He shook his head, oh why was he kidding himself – he was longing to have another conversation with her. It was only a few days since they had dinner together and it turned out to be very different than the first time they went out, the Sunday after Thanksgiving when he gave into something he shouldn't have – just because it had felt too damned good to pass it by. It was his idea no less, to go eat pancakes together because as he was sitting there in that cabin, suddenly he had felt the fear of never seeing her again. And so it happened, they had shared a table and a newspaper together and they had talked, finding a little too much recognition in the eyes of the other. But oh, how happy and warm he had felt that someone understood what he was going through, to be able to share his fears with someone who had been there. Later on his happiness would change into confused emotions and feelings of guilt. Soon after that he had broken it off. But their dinner the other evening was different as if the road ahead was suddenly open but speed bumps were stopping them from going too fast. Talking to her was still easy because the words seemed to come naturally but all in all their being there seemed, he couldn't put his finger on it, planned in a way. Perhaps by a higher force or maybe just the two of them, he didn't know. It felt as if it was bound to happen one way or the other and that knowledge made him feel too conscious about his own behavior. And yet he had felt that he still liked her as a friend, that he was still curious to know how she was doing and if she was all right. Hearing that was enough to make him smile contently and he had kept on doing that all the way home. Reaching out to the phone on his nightstand he swallowed, hesitating a few seconds before dialling the number. He felt the need to smile again. That night, if possible. ----------------------------------------- \"Goodbye angel, you take good care of your parents you hear?\" she whispered before she handed over the infant to her parents, smiling gently at them. How much she loved this moment when she could send one of them home, when the child was actually strong enough to face the future. Oh she loved her job more than anything although she would never get used to the stings of guilt and pain when she couldn't save an infant in distress or seeing a child suffer. But thank god those moments weren't part of her every day job and she could enjoy moments like this even more, waving to the happy parents near the elevators - carrying their treasure wrapped in a blanket. Sighing deeply she turned and found her way to her office, passing the nurses station on her right. Clearly they were on their break because she counted 8 white uniforms in there. Laughter came drifting towards her and she smiled when she heard one of the nurses calling out to her. \"Dr. Howard come in! We have just the thing for you!\" Entering the small but very crowded room she laughed surprised. In the middle of the white table, flanked by tea glasses and coffee cups was a plate full with something she had been missing out on for quite some time. \"We got it from the Thompsons, you know that nice family from Britain?\" the head nurse explained. \"How nice!\" she smiled and flopped down on the nearest chair, reaching out for the sweet delicacy until she realized that it became silent around her. She glanced at the waiting group around her and she lowered her hand. \"What?\" \"How are we supposed to eat this? And what's the white stuff for?\" The young trainee she didn't know by name frowned when she held up a small jar of clotted cream and Catherine chuckled, taking it from the confused nurse. \"You never had scones before?\" she inquired, grabbing a knife from the drawer behind her and sliced it open. \"Here, I'll show you. First you cut it in half, then you add a little clotted cream, don't be too stingy, and at last you take a little jam… do we have jam?\" she asked, extending her hand when it was shoved in her direction. \"Thank you. Now you put in a little jam and you have a traditional English scone.\" She handed the sweet treat to the trainee in front of her and laughed when the rest of the group simply held out their plates. Sure, she would have to do them all now – she could have known. \"Sweets are too good for women,\" the nurse next to her murmured approvingly when she took the first bite. Catherine smiled, she could only wholeheartedly agree to that and she closed her eyes when she took a bite, letting the sweet taste satisfy her. For a moment it was quiet, only a few satisfied sounds came from around her as the group of women chewed on the scones. \"This is good! Heck, I love all the sweet treats. Muffins, cake – I don't care!\" a lady she knew as Tess was talking now, her mouth full with scone. \"You can burry me in chocolate,\" someone else commented, wiping the cream from her lips. \"Pancakes!\" a third exclaimed and suddenly Catherine found herself in the midst of their attention. \"Chocolate chip pancakes,\" she mumbled as she swallowed her last bite. Oh no. Faces were turned towards her and she raised her brows, ignoring the faint fluttery feeling in her stomach and the flash of heat reaching her cheeks. Was it warm in there or what? \"At Murray's! My 8 year old keeps begging me for those but I never expected you to love them Dr. Howard,\" Tess said and smiled at her, raising her brows at the unexpected blush on the cheeks of the cardiologist. Catherine was about to comment when the high shrill sound of her beeper startled her and she glanced at it, her blush deepening when she recognized the number right away. \"Excuse me ladies,\" she said with a friendly nod, \"and thank you for thinking of me.\" ----------------------------------------- \"You take cream in your coffee?\" she appeared in the doorway of her kitchen and he shook his head, browsing through one of her medical magazines with a confused look on his face. \"No, just black will do fine,\" he replied and smiled at her when she entered the living room, carrying a tray in her hands. \"Thank you,\" he said, accepting his cup of coffee and she sat down on the other side of the couch, first crossing her legs and finally placing them firmly on the ground. Oh boy, she was nervous to have him here again and yet it felt familiar. Too familiar really, it reminded her of another time when all she could do was listen to him. Now he clearly expected her to talk because he kept looking at her as he took his first sip. She raised a brow when he cringed and placed down his cup as if it had bit him. \"Holy… were you planning on keeping me awake for the rest of my life?\" he exclaimed, adding sugar to the dark liquid in an attempt to soften it. \"Is it too strong?\" she asked, placing down her tea with a worried look on her face. \"That's an understatement,\" he coughed and tried another sip, \"You always drink your coffee like this? My spoon almost dissolves in it!\" He cringed again and placed his cup down, he gave up. \"Well I never drink coffee at home,\" she said, \"I only drink it at work, I guess I don't make it that often myself.\" \"Could have fooled me,\" he grinned, amused by the embarrassed look on her face. \"Let me show you something,\" he said, getting up and nodding at her as a gesture so she would follow him into the kitchen. She hesitated a little but then she accepted, a twinkle in her eye gave away that she was more amused than annoyed by it. In the kitchen he opened a few cupboards until he found the coffee canister and she felt the urge to stop him, after all these were her cabinets and her house. And yet it felt nice that he was the one to go through her stuff, it felt secure and familiar in a way. He opened the canister and smelled the contents before raising a finger at her. \"Lesson number one when you make coffee for Mr. Woodward; use mild coffee. No mocha, no dark hazel or something else fancy, just plain mild coffee. Lesson number two; be careful with the amount of coffee, not too much and not too few. Two tablespoons will do. Number three - \" \"Serve him tea or let him make his own damned coffee?\" she finished his sentence and she laughed when he raised a brow and finally laughed along with her. \"That will work even better,\" he nodded and finished the job, rinsing his cup and looking around to find a towel to dry it. \"You never drink coffee here?\" he asked and she grinned as she pointed to a big carton of tea on her sink. \"If I leave these bags to steep long enough, it will become just as powerful,\" she said and laughed when he cringed. \"Your kitchen is spotless! I forgot about that one, you still don't cook huh?\" he looked around and studied the shiny stove and the brand new oven attached to it. \"Are you kidding me? When I can eat in the hospital I wouldn't do that to myself,\" she chuckled. \"The closest I come to cooking is making tea. And if I may say so myself, my scones are unmatched. That is, if they're already baked.\" \"I would love to try them,\" he grinned and then they grew silent. She leaned against the kitchen sink, her arms folded, and she studied him as he turned on the coffee machine and struck the same pose, giving her a sideward glance doing so. She was more relaxed now, at ease and calm and the silence that fell between them was comfortable. For the first time since they met he realized. \"Catherine…\" he said, hesitating a little and she looked up, surprised by the change in his voice. \"Yes?\" she reacted, turning a little so she could face him. He was looking at her too and she swallowed when their eyes locked. \"You think we should talk about how things ended… you know, between us?\" The words were out and he regretted it right away when her face changed, shifting from relaxed to self-conscious. Smart move. \"Oh…\" she gasped softly, folding her arms even tighter. Deep down in her stomach she felt that tingly sensation again that only he could bring out in her. If only she could control it, if only she could swallow back the words that formed on her lips. \"I never realized things had actually started,\" she said and her voice sounded hoarse, changing her casual remark into an emotional statement. Oh bother. \"Do you…\" she started but the sentence froze on her lips when he spoke again. \"I thought about you a lot,\" he said, his eyes sincere and open. \"There were times in which I wanted to call but I couldn't… you know?\" \"I know. I knew then as well,\" she nodded, casting her eyes away from him and she leaned back against the sink again, lifting her chin to study the high ceiling of her kitchen. \"You don't have to explain Robert.\" \"Yes I should,\" he interrupted her. \"But I don't know how.\" For a long moment it was silent, the only sound they heard was the dripping of the coffee machine, filling the kitchen with its typical scent. He pressed his lips together and shook his head, he shouldn't have said anything. But it was a fact that he owed her at least an explanation about what had happened before, that he should try to make up for lost time and unspoken promises. He couldn't just continue as if nothing happened, they had been too open to one another. \"You've already explained it,\" she suddenly said softly and he looked up, finding the warm glow in her eyes. She smiled briefly and turned to pour him a fresh cup of coffee and left the kitchen. The next words she said softly over her shoulder made him smile and it cleared the air. \"You're here.\" ----------------------------------------- The wind outside surprised her when she opened the door for him, holding on to it when he stepped outside and closed his coat. \"You think you'll be able to sleep?\" she smiled and he turned towards her, swallowing back a naughty comment. Was he really flirting with her? \"If not, can I call you for some illegal drugs from the hospital when I lie awake all night?\" he replied, laughing when she hit him playfully. \"Ouch, careful doctor!\" \"If that will make you forgive me for the caffeine overdose, sure!\" she grinned and inhaled deeply when he hesitated to leave. In a way she was happy to see him go because she felt the urge to sit down and rethink what had happened this evening. And yet she wished that this wouldn't have to end because something had shifted between them and it felt good and comfortable. They had talked for hours and they had even watched some television; as it turned out they followed the same series and it was fun to share their thoughts and speculations about it. Thank God they could still laugh. \"Thank you for a lovely evening,\" he smiled at her and she answered his smile, her stomach was fluttering like crazy now. \"I had fun too,\" she said softly, her smile fading out when he kept looking at her, an amused look on his face. Oh boy, he was so handsome. \"Well… goodnight,\" he sighed and hesitated before he leaned towards her, slowly reaching out to take her hand in his. He wasn't sure how to act, wasn't sure how to do this. She turned her hand so their fingers could entwine and for a split second the world seemed to make perfect sense. Until they both looked down – getting thrown back into reality. The light from the hallway reflected in their wedding rings and they glanced at each other, reading in the others eyes that the moment had passed. \"Goodnight Catherine,\" he said, bringing her hand up to his mouth and pressing a light kiss on it. Her stomach dropped. \"Goodnight Robert,\" she whispered, rubbing her hand when he turned around and left, turning around one last time before he walked off. She couldn't see his expression clearly but she waved at him before she closed the door, sighing deeply in an attempt to clear her head. She probably would be awake all night too.[Chapter 3] \"Oh, could you make a decision already? What's gotten into you?\" Marina sighed and rolled her eyes when Catherine disappeared in the dressing room for the third time. \"What are you so insecure about all of a sudden?\" Inside the dressing room Catherine frowned, turning around to see her bare back in the low cut dress. \"I'm not insecure, I just happen to feel that this dress is too revealing for my age,\" she said, her voice muffled as she pulled the piece of clothing over her head again. \"Could you pass me the other one? The pink one?\" Obeying the request, Marina grinned and she sat down on the round bench near the dressing rooms. There was something different about Catherine. She had seen more of her over the past year and although she liked it, she never really had the feeling that she knew her. Although she was always kind, sincere and interested; what was behind that polite exterior was very often a big mystery. She remembered how they got acquainted when Tom was still alive, obliged to sit down and talk for hours while the two men played pool or cards. Even the trips they took together turned out to be fun, yet a real close friendship had never grown out of it. They were polite and friendly to each other, sure, but they never made a real true connection. After the death of her husband Catherine withdrew back completely, not responding to her and William's invitations but deciding to stay home alone. It had worried William; often he had talked to her about Catherine after work when he had caught Catherine alone in her office, staring outside and her arms folded. She had seen it herself on the rare occasions when they met. Her face was always pale; the pink colour on her cheeks that she had always associated with her was gone. And as stubborn and independent as she was or maybe wanted to be; it hadn't surprised them that Catherine never seemed to ask for help. Not once had she leaned on someone. Poor woman. Marina snapped her fingers. Suddenly she knew what had changed. \"Catherine, you want a cup of tea?\" she called, smiling when the curtain of the dressing room was shoved aside and a satisfied grin appeared. Good, the pink dress would do. \"I swear to God, I'm not put on this earth to dress fancy,\" Catherine frowned and ran both hands through her hair before accepting the bag with her new dress from the clerk. \"And I hate changing.\" \"What do you need a new dress for anyway?\" Marina asked, buttoning her coat when they stepped outside. \"Because my sweet neighbours got this crazy plan to organize a get together for the entire neighbourhood. They think that when people get to know each other, the block will be a safer place to live… or something.\" Catherine smirked and shook her head when she recalled the way her neighbour had practically forced her to come. \"Oh, I've been there,\" Marina said, \"I hate those evenings in which you have to remember everyone and you always end up embarrassed because you forgot someone's name. Or worse; where they live.\" \"Exactly!\" It was silent for a while, slowly they found their way to \"Sherman's Tea\", a nice little tea room where they served, according to Catherine, good strong English tea. \"So why do you have to dress up for this occasion?\" Marina asked and to her great amusement Catherine's cheeks turned from pink to deep red. Her suspicions grew stronger. \"Oh, because I have nothing fancy to wear and it could come in handy for when I ever go out.\" Seeing the amused look on Marina's face Catherine swallowed with difficulty. Oh, she hated this about herself. Why couldn't she just tell her that she was seeing someone? It was a completely natural thing to do; why did it feel like she was doing something wrong – and why was it that saying it out loud would make things real? She knew all too well is wasn't real, at least not yet. Oh, she didn't know and she didn't really want to think about it, it seemed like everything she did lately had to do with that certain tall dark man. There was an uncertain tingly feeling in the pit of her stomach that constantly reminded her of what was happening. She had promised herself not to get carried away, just as he never had promised her that something would happen. Things were progressing really slowly and it felt comfortable, easy and safe. And safe was good – she needed safe. Right? \"Catherine?\" She shook her head to clear her mind and smiled when they reached the door of the small place. \"Yes, let's have a nice cup of tea.\" She frowned. Safe her foot. The movie theatre was small and dark; creating an intimate ambiance as they found their way down the aisle to their seats. Catherine smiled as her date moved in front of her, waiting patiently for her to stumble between coats and buckets of popcorn. To be honest, she wasn't that fond of going to the cinema, she much more preferred to sit down at home and loose herself in a good story – although she didn't do that much. But she had to admit that watching a movie on the big screen was pretty special as well, not to mention the company of a good friend who was pointing at three empty seats now. She smiled. \"Can I take your coat madam?\" he asked, turning her around and shrugging her out of her long black overcoat. It was a new one he noticed. \"Thank you sir,\" she nodded and she sat down on the soft red chair, wiggling a little to find a comfortable position. She swallowed when he sat down as well – she was very aware of his leg brushing hers and it felt warm. Too warm. \"Why they don't have a cloakroom here is beyond me,\" he muttered while he tried to place their coats on the empty seat next to them. Thank God it wasn't a very busy night, there was no way they would be able to sit comfortably with their coats stuffed behind their backs. \"This isn't a fancy theatre Robert. This isn't a fancy town for that matter,\" she grinned and opened the bottle of water she held in her hand when he leaned back in his chair – his shoulder leaning against hers. \"Is it me or is it warm in here?\" \"I would say so,\" he frowned, loosening his collar a little. \"Oh, I meant to ask you…\" she said, \"Did they invite you too to the block party?\" He rolled his eyes. \"Yes, you were invited to have shallow conversations with people you don't care about too? Exciting isn't it?\" She laughed. \"I'm glad you'll be there too, Ms. Brightman would never talk to us again if we didn't show.\" \"And that's a bad thing why?\" he muttered and laughed along with her, although he meant every word that he said. \"So which movie are we watching again?\" she asked, blinking when the lights got dimmed and the commercials appeared on the big screen. \"I have no idea.\" \"What?\" She was so surprised that she forgot to whisper. He grinned and lowered his voice. \"I just asked the guy at the counter to sell me two tickets to a movie that I could bring a lady to.\" His eyes twinkled when he gave her a sideward glance, his eyes sliding down from her face to an area where she didn't want him. \"You're a lady right?\" To her great shock she felt blood rushing to her cheeks under his exploring look and she forced herself to answer in a casual tone. \"Last time I checked I was, yes.\" \"Good. So you must like this movie,\" he smiled and cast his eyes at the screen again, seeing but not paying attention to the trailers of movies he didn't want to see anyway. She took another sip from her water and he heard her swallow, smelling the sweet scent of her perfume as she brought her hand up to pull a hand through her hair. She looked pretty this evening, casual and yet sophisticated. During the few times they had spent together it seemed like she became more relaxed around him; the ease of the way they communicated seemed to return bit by bit although the heavy tension that was once there was gone. Maybe because they both had changed, he wasn't sure. The fact was that he felt at ease with her, that he felt comfortable enough to joke around a little – and that she felt comfortable enough to laugh about it. He couldn't wish for more at this point. Right? Through the first half hour of the movie they sat there in silence, trying to focus on the story happening right in front of them rather than the story between them. \"You know what I never understand?\" she whispered after a while, leaning a little against him so he could hear her without disturbing the entire row. Their shoulders touched even more. \"That these women seem to sleep with a layer of make up on their faces, I never look that good in the morning!\" He smiled. \"Oh, I don't believe that for a second. So you sleep aux naturel?\" Her face shot in his direction. \"What?\" \"I mean, with a clean face,\" he muttered, rolling his eyes for his own stupidity. Brilliant. She hesitated a little but chose to ignore what he had said. \"Yes, I mean – it's not normal to look that good in the morning. Well maybe it is at that age.\" She pointed at the young lady on screen who was brushing her teeth now. \"I know. But you have make up if you need a little help. Men have to settle with the same look every day.\" She turned her head so she could look at him. \"Lucky for you that you look good,\" she whispered and swallowed when he turned his head as well – his eyes meeting hers. Deep down her stomach she felt that nervous sensation again. Oh dear, this was getting serious but the hell with it, she couldn't find it in herself to break the spell and look away. He would have to do that this time – and he didn't. \"Thank you,\" he mouthed and a small smile tugged on his lips when she inhaled deeply. She couldn't grasp what was happening but her eyes stayed locked with his, to slide down his face to his mouth and back. She felt his dark gaze tingling in her veins and her breath came out higher; as if someone had placed a hand on her chest to slow her down. \"Catherine…\" he hesitated a little but before he could finish her face changed, shifting from dreamy to annoyed – her hand reaching out to her pocket. Of course. \"The hospital?\" he whispered when she glanced at her phone and she nodded frustrated. \"I'm so sorry Robert, I'm on call and I…\" she started but he shook his head and reached out to grab their coats. \"You don't have to leave too, stay and watch the movie!\" she whispered, accepting her coat. He smiled and shrugged before he followed her through the dark theatre on their way out. \"Why start watching the movie now?\" ----- Hours later she sat down near her dressing table, sighing deeply before reaching out to her facial cleanser and smiled to herself as she cleaned her face. Yes she slept 'aux naturel', if there was anything she was dedicated to it was that. She yawned, it was getting late. It had been a while since she got paged away from a social date and it couldn't have come at a worse time; yet she always got this addictive shot of adrenaline through her veins when she was needed – thank goodness her presence made a difference again this evening. Staring at her face in the mirror she frowned, studying the little wrinkles that appeared on her forehead and next to her eyes. Tom always loved her like this; clean, fresh and yes… natural. Oh, she shouldn't complain about her skin – she was blessed with better skin than a lot of the young girls she met at work. She never failed to smile when they asked her what her secret was – the truth was that she didn't have one. Drinking lots of mineral water and cleaning, that was about it. She reached out for the tube with her favourite cream, carefully rubbing the rich fluid on her elbows and hands – gently massaging her nails while she was at it. Flapping her hands to let them dry she walked over to her bed; hitting the light switch with her elbow when she passed it. Oh she was tired and at the same time she wasn't in the mood to go to sleep just yet – she felt a little too fluttery for that. This evening could have gone into an entirely different direction than both of them had expected, that much she realized when she said goodbye to him before she got into her car. Her own car, she always drove herself when she was on call – old habit. Turning to her side she pulled her pillow closer and hugged it tightly, hiding her face in the soft cover when she tried to grasp what had happened there in the darkness of the theatre. For the first time she had felt that there was something very much alive – not just inside her but between them. She could only hope that he… The sound of her phone shot through the night and made her sit right up, her heart pounding fiercely in her chest. Good grief, she was just at home – they wouldn't call her back would they? Quickly she picked it up. \"Hello?\" she said, reaching out to find her light switch on her nightstand but her hand froze in mid air when she recognized the voice at the other end. \"We weren't done yet I believe.\" His voice sounded soft and amused and in her throat she felt a sharp tingle, she had to bite her lip to swallow back a too enthusiastic response. \"Oh is that a fact?\" she replied instead, slipping under the covers with a small smile curving her lips. She didn't want the lights turned on for some strange reason, it was an intimate situation to hear him without seeing anything. \"Yes, I happen to believe that 45 minutes hardly qualifies as a date don't you?\" he asked, she heard him grabbing the remote control and turning off the television. She realized that he was giving her his full attention and it warmed her heart. So much for not getting carried away. \"I'm sorry that I had to leave so suddenly Robert but I…\" she started but stopped mid-sentence when he interrupted her. \"Don't apologize, you're a doctor and you're needed sometimes. The scar on my wrist is living proof of that,\" he chuckled and lifted his hand to look at it again. \"Remember when you treated me in the cabin?\" \"Oh, I would hardly call that a treatment,\" she said, closing her eyes with the memory. She wasn't sure if she was ready to go back to the place where it all had started so many months ago. They had carefully sidestepped the subject for some unknown reason but now he brought it up, she realized that it was because they had been afraid to share a memory out in the open. Well, that had been her fear really. \"You eh…ever been back?\" he asked softly when it was quiet for a while. He knew that it was time to talk about what connected them; as if they had to overcome a few barriers from the past to accept what was happening in the present time. \"No,\" she said bluntly but after a little hesitation she decided to be honest. \"But that's because I couldn't find my way back.\" She rubbed her forehead and gulped. God this was difficult. \"Have you?\" \"Yes. Once,\" he said, folding his arm over his stomach, \"I don't think that Howard and Millie still live there though.\" \"Charlie and Robin left? I guess the cabin didn't bring them luck in their marriage huh?\" she chuckled and shook her head. She loved their banter. \"I wonder if we ever would have met, you know if you hadn't offered me that ride,\" he suddenly said and she bit her lip when she realized where this was going. He was in a strange mood. \"Well as you said, reversed fate,\" she answered softly and he turned his head to reach out for the light switch. He needed darkness for this. \"We met too soon, didn't we?\" he asked after a little hesitation and that question shot a shiver through her spine, this was getting more intimate than they had yet experienced. It was a strange feeling of relief that he was the one to cross the unspoken line, she might as well ask him what had been going through her mind ever since they met again. \"Robert, can I ask you something?\" she started and closed her eyes when she heard his calm approving murmur. She had to ask, she just had to. \"What impression do I give now?\" \"What?\" She rubbed her temple when clearly he didn't understand her. \"I mean as a woman, what impression do I give? You told me that I was unavailable, uninterested, don't look, don't try material. That men didn't notice me hiding in here.\" \"I said that?\" he frowned and laughed softly when she scolded him by saying his name. \"I'm messing with you, I know exactly what I said that night. I just needed some time to think about it.\" He grew silent again. \"Well?\" She pressed the phone closer to her ear although she wasn't really sure that she wanted to hear his answer. Her heart started to pound in her chest again, but triggered by a different cause than earlier. \"Well… I think you're much more approachable now,\" he answered, rubbing his eyes because he couldn't find the right way to express himself. Suddenly he pictured her like he saw her last, a few hours before in the theatre. The way she was staring at him. He could picture her short hair, the graceful neck and the sparkling blue eyes that seemed to reflect her inner beauty. He saw her cheekbones, the little freckles and the loving smile. But mostly he recalled the intense and unsettling way he had reacted, it was exactly the reason he had called her three times this evening until she finally answered the phone. He inhaled deeply. \"Now tell me something, are you still not interested in being noticed?\" Her mouth dropped. \"Oh eh… I don't know, I mean I do know but I…\" she muttered, her cheeks were burning now and her fingers trembled. Then she regained her composure again when she realized he was throwing back the question. She frowned. \"Now wait a second… more approachable? That's it? You can't do better than that?\" He laughed his soft low laugh and it made her smile, lying back relaxed with her eyes closed - the ball was on his court again. His reply came fast. \"No that's not just it in fact. I think you're very beautiful, elegant, classy, funny, feminine and gracious. Not to mention the fact that you're one of the sexiest women I've ever met,\" he blurted out and her eyes shot open, lifting herself up from the soft embrace of her bed. He what? \"Robert, I…\" She couldn't speak and her heart pounded, all this time she had been waiting to hear him say this and now he had. This couldn't be real, this couldn't be happening. \"Thank you,\" she muttered finally. He smiled and for a split second his eyes shot towards a picture hanging on his wall, not able to see the image in the darkness. \"So…\" \"So…,\" she repeated, sitting up on her knees. \"I just…\" Goodness, she couldn't form a normal sentence. \"What? Tell me,\" he encouraged her, his heart had started to beat a little faster and his eyes were wide open, his voice changing from lazy to serious. \"I just…I can't…not now,\" she said, more shaken up as ever and she swallowed with difficulty. She had no idea what she wanted to say, not a clue as how to proceed; he had left her speechless again. \"Can we meet tomorrow perhaps?\" One more night, that was all she needed to come to terms – or so she hoped. \"Tomorrow is the block party, you want to skip it?\" he asked, hoping that she would agree. Her laugh sounded shaky and unreal. \"You know we can't skip it, I guess we'll see each other there, right?\" Her heart was calming down a little and she laid down again, hugging the phone against her ear with both hands. \"Right. Tomorrow it is. Goodnight Catherine, sweet dreams,\" he said softly, closing his eyes to the sound of her soft whisper. He had said too much, he knew it the second he opened his mouth. He could only hope that he didn't scare her away with his big mouth. \"Goodnight Robert, I…\" she swallowed her sentence when she realized that he had broken the connection. Slowly she pressed the phone against her lips, closing her eyes in a desperate attempt to get some control over her reeling mind. God, she was too old for this. ----- The wind blew her hair back as she made her way over to the Brightman household, two streets away from her home. How in the world they came up with this brilliant idea was beyond her; as if knowing each other would make a difference in their safety. These days not one neighbourhood was safe without the presence of a local police station and alarm systems. Oh, she had to admit that it could be fun to learn the names of the people she passed on her way to work; if only this wouldn't result in everybody stopping her when she tried to run through the grocery store to get it done as fast as possible. It was getting dark early these days, the sun seemed to set an hour earlier each day and it made her realize once again that winter was knocking on her door, there was no way to escape the cold season ahead. It certainly had it's charm but right now she shivered in her new dress; her long brown coat would have been very appreciated at that point. The lights on the driveway of the Brightman residence welcomed her; sparkling in the night like diamonds – very cute if it weren't for the odd statue of Elvis in the middle. \"Dr. Howard, welcome!\" She dragged her eyes away from the glittering statue and smiled politely when the door swung open and the beaming face of Marta Brightman appeared in the doorway, a name tag attached to her chest. Swell, this was going to be a long evening. Entering the grand living room she accepted a glass of something that looked like champagne from the oldest daughter of the family. The dark headed girl was chewing gum as if her life depended on it and Catherine smiled again when Harold Brightman walked over to her. \"Dr. Howard, so nice of you to fit us in – I know how busy you must be in the hospital!\" he exclaimed, with his hand under her elbow he guided her forward towards the table with name tags. She took a step aside when he offered to pin it on her. \"Thank you, I'll manage myself,\" she answered and quickly she moved over the nearest table, fiddling to pin the darn thing on her new dress without causing too much damage. She took a look around, nodded at a few familiar faces around her and folded her arms, casually holding on to her glass of champagne – after one sip she had decided to place it down where hopefully nobody would notice. It was getting busier by the second, actually it was starting to get a bit crowded where she was standing. \"Dr. Howard, how have you been?\" she suddenly heard next to her and she smiled relieved when she recognized the kind face of Mr. Murray – a name tag with Harry on his chest. She had no idea that his name was Harry, this evening brought a few nice things after all. \"Hello! I'm fine, thank you for asking,\" she answered, nodding at him. She liked the man, he was always very fond of Tom and really went out of his way for him by ordering that special brand of coffee he always preferred. Suddenly she wondered if he still served it in his restaurant. \"How are things in the hospital? I hear you're giving a first aid course now, my daughter attended one!\" She smiled politely when he explained how important it was to know CPR and how grateful he was that his daughter finally knew how to act in case of an emergency. Halfway through the story of how he once had to help a woman who almost choked on a pancake she looked up, a familiar voice came floating towards the living room and her heart skipped a beat. A few seconds later he appeared in the doorway and she smiled brightly when his eyes went through the crowd, stopping and lighting up when he met her gaze. His lips curved upwards when she lifted her hand to wave at him, no longer hearing the voice of Harry Murray who was still talking. She was about to walk over to Robert when behind him the face of his daughter appeared and she froze; she hadn't expected her to be there. Lori looked good though, smiling broadly and making contact right away her into the circle of neighbours. Amused by the way he immediately turned things to his advantage she observed him as he entered the party. He waved briefly at a few familiar faces and he walked over to her table right away, ignoring the bowl with name tags and declining the champagne with a simple smile. Robert would never do anything against his will – that much was pretty clear to her by now. \"Harry, Catherine – good evening,\" he said, his eyes never left hers and he smiled his small smile again. The one she felt in her knees. \"Hello,\" she said simply. \"Mr. Woodward, how nice to see you!\" Harry exclaimed, shaking the hand of the tall man enthusiastically. \"How are you, it's been ages since I served you pancakes!\" \"Yeah, have to watch my cholesterol a bit,\" he grinned back, accepting two glasses of wine from the tray that was held in front of them. \"White for you?\" he asked Catherine, shoving her glass of sour champagne aside with a determined look on his face. She smiled gratefully, trying to ignore the raised brows of Harry next to her and she was relieved when he found a new person to talk to. \"Alone at last,' he said, taking a sip of his wine. \"You've been here long?\" \"Oh it feels like hours,\" she replied, \"but not that long, no.\" She was glad to have him there, to have someone to talk to. If there was anything she had been avoiding it was social gatherings – not because she didn't like it but because of the heavy realization that she was alone. That was the reason she refused to go to William and Marina – somehow being surrounded by people who were used to having Tom there as well made her feel more alone than when she was at home by herself. And there was no way to explain that to people, she knew they meant well but she couldn't tell them that it only made her feel his loss more. Then to enter a party alone was like a snap back to reality - he wasn't with her anymore. She couldn't explain how hard it was to notice that people were avoiding to talk about him; as if she would break into tears every time she heard his name. She couldn't tell them that every time she came home to an empty and dark house her throat tightened, the silence drenching her like a cold shower. She never told anyone. And now, after all this time she finally could let that go, finally her heart didn't feel as heavy as lead with laughing people around her. The realization almost made her feel guilty. They chatted a bit about casual and safe topics, leaning against the white round table and drinking wine. It was fun and relaxed but at one point she felt the burning looks of a few guests on her back; she heard the whispers when they passed them – she noticed the way Harry was looking at her. As if Robert felt it too he walked off to get her a new glass of wine and she leaned over the table, her hands absentmindedly playing with a coaster. \"Hello Hershey Lady!\" She turned around and smiled when she recognized Lori – suddenly she felt a bit self conscious, how long had she been talking to Robert? An hour? Two? \"Hello Lori, how nice to see you. How are you? How are your lovely children?\" She was babbling and way too enthusiastic she realized. \"They're fine! Mary is a beautiful girl with a very strong mind of her own these days,\" Lori smiled, \"and Michael is a very protective older brother.\" \"Oh that's nice. You eh…live with your father now?\" Suddenly Catherine realized that she didn't know if Robert had told Lori about her, wasn't she crossing a line here? \"Yes I am, I'm looking for my own house though,\" Lori responded, not giving away if the question surprised her or not. Catherine scratched behind her ear, not really knowing how to proceed. \"That's got to be rough, well I'll ask around for you in the hospital – maybe someone there knows if a house is available.\" \"Thank you.\" For a moment it was silent and Catherine's eyes drifted off in the direction of the bar. Of course, just when she needed him Robert was talking to one of the neighbours. \"He's doing better,\" Lori suddenly said and swallowed, following Catherine's gaze. \"It's been a while since I've seen him this relaxed. He really worried my sister and myself there for quite some time…I'm glad he's found a little joy again.\" Catherine felt the words in her stomach, Robert had found joy again. She turned to face Lori and smiled briefly when the young woman blinked a few times. \"He's a good man,\" Lori said with a sudden hoarse voice, \"I don't know where I would have been without him. He's strong, blunt, reliable and…\" she paused and smiled, \"…a pigheaded chauvinist. I hope you can handle him.\" Words didn't seem to form in her mouth and she could only nod when Lori squeezed her arm and walked off; she would swear that she saw tears in her eyes. She took a deep breath and didn't manage to smile when Robert approached her again – her face was frozen in a strange tensed expression and he raised a brow. \"Are you all right?\" he asked, his face full of concern. She cleared her throat before she could answer him. \"Yes I am, let's mingle.\" ----- When the door closed behind him he frowned again, staring at her back as she moved in front of him, turning on the light with a quick movement of her hand. The rest of the evening it seemed like she had been avoiding him; talking with everyone but him. He had tried to get her alone a few times but every time he succeeded she had smiled gently at someone who passed and the moment was gone. He wondered what could have happened in the five minutes he had spent near the bar, it was like something had changed in her and it worried him. She worried him. He had insisted on taking her home and she had agreed, for a moment he had seen her smile again, if only for a few seconds and it had felt like a relief. They had rushed towards her home because of the wind that pushed them forward and now they standing there – in a strange tensed mood. She hadn't invited him in; he had just followed her. \"Catherine,\" he started as she moved into the living room, closing the drapes and turning up the heat. It was indeed chilly inside he realized. \"Catherine, what's the matter?\" he asked again, his words came out stronger now. She sat down on the couch, patting on the place next to her. If she was going to be honest he needed to be close. \"Come here please,\" she said, smiling at him briefly before he obeyed her request, loosening his jacket before he did. When he sat down she smelled his cologne and it made her close her eyes for a split second, everything the man did had an effect on her and he didn't even know it. \"We need to talk Robert,\" she said, shifting in her seat so he could face her. He raised a brow at her serious tone and an uneasy sensation filled his stomach, waiting patiently for her to finish. \"I had a talk with your daughter earlier,\" she started, breathing deeply. \"And she said something that made me think.\" \"Lori? What did she say?\" he asked, folding his arms as she placed her hands on her lap, her knees pointed in his direction. \"She told me that you're a good man. A pigheaded chauvinistic at times but mostly a good man,\" she said, avoiding his inquiring look now. \"That's nothing new, so what?\" he shrugged, not understanding what was going on. \"And she said that she hoped I would be able to handle you,\" she continued, finally finding enough courage to look right at him. \"Which is a bad thing because…\" he said, hoping she would finish his sentence. \"Robert, she knows. She thinks you and I are an item, don't you see that?\" she suddenly exclaimed, frustrated by the way he was sitting there, waiting for her to explain whatever the hell is was she was feeling. \"She thinks you and I are an item…\" he repeated softly, leaning a little forward now. Understanding began to dawn. \"And you have a problem with that?\" She got up, no longer able to stay seated next to the man who wasn't about to make this easier on her. \"Yes I have a problem with that!\" she said out loud, hating the fact that her voice came out a little shrill. She inhaled deeply, forcing herself to get calm and when she finally pulled herself together and managed to look at him she spoke again: \"I have a problem with that because it's not true.\" For a moment it was dead silent, her breath was high in her chest while she looked at him – her heart pounding and her hands trembling. The clock in the living room ticked away the awkward and nerve-breaking seconds in which they didn't speak; in which they just stared at each other. He hesitated for a split second before he got up; walking towards the shaking lady in the centre of the room. \"How can you say it's not true?\" he asked when he stood in front of her, reaching out to touch her shoulders. She shook her head, he still didn't understand it, did he? \"Robert, I know that these things take time and I know you're going through a tough time… but when your daughter sees we're involved and the entire damned neighbourhood seems to know…\" \"The entire neighbourhood?\" he smiled and after a little pause she smiled as well, inhaling deeply to relax a little. \"It's just a metaphor…\" she shrugged, feeling his hands warm on her shoulders. She searched for his eyes; looking at her full of concern. They were soft, warm and in the dusky light of her living room as dark as coffee. She smiled briefly, she had to explain to him what she meant before things got out of hand. \"I guess what I'm trying to say, in a very immature way, that it's scaring me how good this feels. It's scaring me how happy I am when you're here and it's scary how relieved I was to have someone with me tonight…\" Her voice broke and to her own shock and embarrassment tears were slowly forming in her eyes. \"I can't tell you how bad I feel for not crying about my husband because there's a new man in my heart who makes me smile…\" His hands came up her face but the words kept coming, every sentence came out weaker until it ended in a hoarse whisper. \"Robert, when people see that something is going on…\" She couldn't continue anymore and she stopped mid-sentence, a tear slowly rolling down her cheek until it reached his hand. \"… you want it to be real because otherwise you would betray your husband for nothing,\" he finished for her, stroking the soft skin of her cheeks with his fingers, wiping away the tears with his thumbs. \"It's silly I know, but I…\" she started, casting her teary eyes away from him. Suddenly she was very aware of the fact how close he was – too close for her to ignore any longer. She could feel him if she wanted to, all she had to do was to bury her face in his chest like she had dreamed of for so long. Oh, she was such an idiot. Why couldn't she just enjoy what was happening inside her? Why couldn't she just wait for something that was bound to happen – he had told her he was attracted to her, what more could she want? \"I asked her to forgive me the other day on the cemetery,\" he suddenly said in a low voice, releasing her face but not taking a step back. He searched for her eyes again and he smiled briefly when their eyes locked. \"Because I realized I was falling in love with another woman.\" \"Did she forgive you?\" she whispered, breathing out slowly through her mouth. She couldn't stop her knees from buckling underneath her, she couldn't stop her fingers from trembling but it was fine. Oh, she couldn't pretend anymore either; with his face so close to hers she couldn't deny it any longer. She was madly in love with him and she needed him. Again or still – that part she wasn't sure of. \"I think she did,\" he nodded, slowly reaching out to take her trembling hands in to brush his lips against them - as light as a feather. She leaned in, it was like she was drawn to him by an unknown force but she could only react to it, leaning her forehead against his. Suddenly her heart rate slowed down; the sharp nervous feeling in her lower stomach vanished and it was replaced by something else – a sensation of peace came over her like a warm summer rain. She saw him vaguely but he was there – alive and well and she blinked when he released her hands so they came to rest against his chest. Slowly he reached out to encircle her body and she gasped when she felt the heat of his body pressing against hers. His embrace felt warm and comforting and then every thought or doubt left her. She reacted instinctively, her eyes sliding from the darkness of his eyes to his strong chin and back – to come to a halt when she reached his lips. He came closer, close enough so his breath warmed her cheeks and she met him halfway, closing her eyes at the contact. He was soft and demanding at the same time, his lips claiming hers without hesitation and it overwhelmed her; for a moment she froze under his touch but she melted right away when his hands stroke her back gently. He was warm and comforting, thrilling and exciting, tempting and arousing all at once – touching her inner soul with the warmth of his being. She could only react to him like she had dreamed of, leaning into him with an enthusiasm she couldn't recall being part of her. In a strange way it felt like he was digging it up, each and every kiss removing more sand from her covered up want and need – he exposed it all by pressing featherlight kisses on her closed lips and pulling her closer when she asked for more. Her reaction surprised him a little but he enjoyed it, opening his eyes when she pulled away from him – smiling at him briefly with eyes that seemed to sparkle like diamonds in the late evening light. His head was spinning when he felt her hands move up his face – stroking over his lips with her finger and he kissed her fingertip gently before her arms pulled him closer again. He could only oblige, letting her take control over their embrace and suddenly, without any warning their kiss deepened, meeting each other in the most intimate way. She tasted oh so different but oh so good, he couldn't control his arms any longer and cupped her head with one hand, feeling her soft moan of approval inside him. He smiled against her mouth. Oh yes, things were about to become real.[Chapter 4] He had no idea how long they had been standing there, no clue as to what time it was. He was only aware of her warm body pressed against his, her whole being was buried in his embrace and he smelled the sweet scent of her perfume. He was simply holding her now, responding to their love in the most sincere way he could think of and gratefully he listened to her calm breathing. His hand moved up her neck, slowly tickling the sensitive skin there to get her attention and he felt her smile before she pulled back slowly. Her cheeks were red, gorgeous red, and when he met her gaze he was struck by the emotion in her eyes. Oh she was happy, no question about that, but there was something else in the blue depth of her eyes that made him realize once more that this evening they had stepped over a line and that there was no way back. Thank God there was no way back. \"Well…\" he sighed, stroking her soft cheek once again. \"I have to get going.\" \"You've said that about eight times already,\" she smiled and took a deep breath when he slowly leaned in to claim her lips once again. She had no idea how many times they had kissed this evening, every time their conversation seemed to get going somewhere one of them had given into the urge for feeling the other again. For hours they had been sitting on the couch to talk, enjoy the pleasure of each other's company and basically to float on air. Now they were standing in her hallway, he was leaning with his back against the front door with her as a perfect fit in his arms. They were acting like teenagers but she didn't care, the feelings he brought out in her were addictive and she could only ask for more. \"You really have to get going,\" she murmured against his lips, giggling when she heard his frustrated groan. She meant it though, she needed to be alone for a while to grasp this entire evening. He pressed one last kiss on her lips before he finally pulled back. \"Since things are real now…\" he paused and grinned when her cheeks deepened in colour. \"Are you free for dinner tomorrow night?\" he asked, closing his jacket. \"I think you should come and meet my daughters officially. Jaclyn came home this evening but she wasn't in the mood for the block party. Tomorrow would be a fine opportunity to show you off.\" This sudden jump back to reality surprised her and she blinked, smiling at him when he raised a brow at her. \"You don't waste any time do you?\" she asked, reaching out to cup his cheek with her palm. \"I thought you wanted to get things moving?\" he inquired and pressed a kiss against the inside of her wrist. She smiled when he squinted his eyes to study her expression. \"I do…\" She realized he was both teasing her and getting her to open up. It had always been difficult for her, to be completely honest to someone else or herself when it came to her emotions. The fact that the man in front of her had turned into her partner instead of her friend only made it harder. \"But not this fast huh?\" he chuckled, pulling her a little closer against him again so her hands came to rest on his chest. He planted a kiss on her forehead. \"Oh just come to dinner, it's high time that you come into my house don't you agree?\" His breath stirred her hair and she pulled back, meeting his amused eyes. \"You're not used to someone saying no, are you?\" she grinned and after a little pause she nodded. \"Thank you, I would love to come.\" His smile was brief but grateful and she smiled back, swallowing when he reached out to take both her hands in his. It would take her a while before she would be used to all this. He squeezed her hands gently, rubbing with his thumbs over her palms. \"I eh… I'm glad we did this,\" he said in a low voice. A boyish twinkle appeared in his eyes when he continued: \"And that's an understatement.\" She blushed, she couldn't help it. \"I'm just very grateful for a certain blizzard,\" she said softly, her voice sounded a bit hoarse, a sign that it was getting very late. He didn't release her hands just yet, his grip was firm and warm and she stepped in a little closer – close enough so she could smell his cologne once more. Oh, she loved that scent. Her eyes were close, so close that he could see how large her pupils were; he could almost count the little freckles on her forehead. He swallowed but suddenly his mouth felt dry. \"You're beautiful Catherine,\" he said softly. It was the only sentence he could think of, the only way to sum up what he was feeling, the only words that would form on his lips. He shook his head; his voice wasn't as clear and strong as he would have liked it to be. \"You're so beautiful…\" She smiled at his compliment and sighed deeply. She couldn't find words to respond to this really. She had responded all evening and now the peaceful silence between them was enough. When he leaned in to bid her goodnight for the last time she felt the urge to lock the door behind him to keep him there forever. Yet she didn't protest when he opened it and stepped outside, blowing her a hand kiss before he walked off into the silence of the night. \"Tomorrow!\" was the last thing she heard. After she quietly closed the door she leaned back against it, covering her eyes with both hands and she sighed. She could still smell him in the air, she could still feel his arms around her, boy she could even still taste him and it left her nothing less than unglued. He had swept her off her feet and he knew it, there had been a confident look in his eyes all evening; the uncertainty that she felt was nowhere to be found in him. Not so much uncertainty for what was unfolding between them but the insecurity about her own behaviour and her emotions that were fighting a battle inside. That damned self-confidence of his would always tip her off balance; as if he didn't feel the unsettling and discomforting effect of stepping in a new relationship. In one moment, one glorious romantic mind blowing moment, they had changed their friendship, their connection, their thoughts of the present and their hopes for the future. By admitting their love they had also decided to make a change and that was, to say the least, intense. Thrilling, but intense. She stepped away from the comforting support of the door and moved through her hallway on her way to the living room. In the corner of her eye she caught her reflection in the big mirror on the wall and she turned her head, hesitating a little before she took a step closer. She studied her own appearance; her breath came out little faster as she absorbed the image. Her eyes were open wide, her lips were swollen and her cheeks and neck had some sort of deep red colour that she hadn't seen on herself in years. The feelings that had been rushing through her body before showed clearly in her face and she looked different, a realization that startled her. Touching her warm skin she breathed out slowly, tilting her head as she leaned in even closer and her warm breath condensed on the cold glass. She pressed her lips. Oh she couldn't just call it excitement, it was not as simple as such although it had been running through her body in unexpected waves earlier. No it was more, what she radiated wasn't just about love and excitement. She swallowed. She radiated life. Reaching out to turn off the light in the hallway she froze in mid air, staring at her hand and well manicured nails. He had held it all evening, rubbing her palm, kissing her fingertips and at one point he had even massaged her fingers. And all the while she hadn't seen it although it was very much there. She hadn't felt the memory standing between them, hadn't noticed the sign of a former life visible on her hand, no she hadn't thought of Tom one time. Not until now. Slowly she moved onto the stairs, letting herself sink down on the dark blue rug of her staircase and lifted her hand to touch her lips with her fingertips. She had kissed another man tonight for the first time in 31 years. She let another man touch her this evening. She had enjoyed the feeling of his hands on her back and on her neck, she had relished the feeling of being touched again. Absentmindedly she turned the golden band around her finger as she had done countless times, narrowing her eyes so she could study the tiny scratches on the surface. One scratch for each year Tom always said. Oh, it had been there since forever but she remembered the moment it was slid on her finger in that little chapel as if it was yesterday, surrounded by their family and closest friends. She and Tom felt like they were connected for eternity, thank God they didn't know then how and when it was going to end. Closing her eyes she touched the gold, turning it around one more time. She breathed in deeply, realizing that she was about to do the inevitable and she swallowed as a lump appeared in her throat. It was time. Inch by inch she removed the ring from her finger, pressing a loving kiss on it before she hid it in the safety of her hand. Her other hand came up to wipe a single tear from her cheek. Goodbye Tom. Hello Robert. ----- \"Where the hell have you been?\" Jaclyn stood in the doorway with nothing more than sheer terror on her face, a cell phone loosely in her hand. \"I've been worried sick about you!\" \"Something about this rings a bell,\" he grinned, passing her to get into the warmth of his own house. \"I can't remember how many times I told you and your sister the very same thing.\" \"Not funny dad, you could have called you know. Do you realize what time it is?\" Jacklyn continued, frowning when her father didn't seem to listen and walked straight into the kitchen to grab a bottle of water from the fridge. \"No I don't, and I'm not interested in it either,\" he stated, attempting to climb up the stairs but stopping in his tracks when he felt the hand of his daughter on his shoulder. \"What Jaclyn?\" \"Were you with her ?\" Her voice was soft and lacked any accusation, yet he felt an annoyed sting in his stomach. He was in the mood to lie on his bed in the dark and go over this evening over and over again until he fell asleep. Not to defend his whereabouts to his daughter. \" Her name is Catherine. And not that it's any of your business but yes I was,\" he said, feeling sorry right away when he saw the glum look on his daughter's face. He sighed and shook his head. \"You shouldn't have worried about me sweetheart, you know I always find my way home.\" \"I sure hope so,\" Jaclyn replied and the sarcastic tone in her voice didn't escape his notice. For a moment he hesitated but decided to drop the bomb on her right away, he never made a secret out of anything and he wasn't about to start. \"She's coming to dinner tomorrow evening so you can get to know her a little better,\" he said in a light tone but he was very aware of the effect of his words. For a split second he saw the dark glance in his daughter's eyes but she recovered from it quickly. As she should. \"Oh, well I better dress up for the occasion,\" she said, attempting to smile but her smile froze on her face when her father turned around and climbed up the stairs. His hair was a total mess from behind. \"Goodnight sweetheart.\" When he entered his bedroom he was out of his clothes in no time, throwing them impatiently on his chair before he fell down on his bed. He groaned when he saw the red lights on his alarm clock, reminding him that the next day was only a few hours away. Boy how time could fly when one was having fun. And he had fun this evening, no question about that. He hadn't expected to declare his love to her this evening but it turned out to be for the best. They needed each other; it was stating the obvious really. He had no problem changing what was going on between them, more than that it was a natural thing to do and that realization surprised him a little. In all fairness, he had expected it to be awkward to kiss someone else instead of the familiar lips of his wife but not once during the past evening had he experienced that emotion. In fact he had relished the feeling of a warm body against him, two loving arms around his neck and a smile inches away from his face. It had been enough to feel just that, to realize that he was still capable of loving someone, to realize that life still had enough to offer when the hurt and grief had settled down a bit. He was happy, for the first time in God knew how many months he felt happy without guilt pulling him back and that sense of freedom was addictive. She was addictive. He could still recall the first time he had seen her in that room in the hospice and he had sensed right away that she was alone. Oh so very much alone. The hidden grief in her eyes when she looked at him and the self-protection in her attitude as she turned away from him would be etched in his mind forever. This evening he had felt that she had given him the privilege to take a peak inside her soul, the warmth that he knew was there had finally reached the surface. She finally opened up to him, she finally…trusted him. He opened his eyes; all of a sudden he could picture her alone in that big house of hers. He could see her moving around in her kitchen all by herself, climbing the stairs alone, warming her cold feet and falling asleep all alone. He knew that she was used to being on her own but it hadn't felt right to leave her earlier, he wanted to keep her close until daytime broke the spell. Strange, all this time they had lived without each other and although he had often thought about her, he knew that they couldn't be together yet. And now they were together and he was acting so foolish that he never wanted to leave her again, in fact he had to fight the urge to get out of bed and to go over there. He couldn't and he wouldn't, he should try to get some sleep if he wanted to be able to visit the site the next day. She would be in his arms soon enough. ----- \"Catherine, do you want something else to drink? I mean we have something other than tea!\" Lori held the pot with steaming tea up and raised her brow at their dinner guest. \"No thank you, this is just fine,\" Catherine answered and held up her cup for another round of tea, gratefully smiling at Robert when he entered the living room as well. She wasn't at ease to sit here alone with his daughters and grandchildren while he was making a phone call in the other room, she was there for over about half an hour now and the conversation seemed to stop after the polite chit chat. She was very relieved to see him come back and she bounced a little on the blue soft pillows when he sat down again. For a second their eyes met and the corners of his mouth curved upwards when she cleared her throat. She was convinced that he knew she was a little uncomfortable, something she shouldn't be really. She looked around the living room again, taking in the atmosphere of the charming house. It was clean in there but it was obvious that Lori helped her father out a lot. Somehow the fresh flowers that surrounded them didn't express Robert's input. Lori was a nice young woman, polite and charming as she had expected her to be. Her children were a joy; she could very well imagine that they were Robert's source of happiness around the house. Michael was a polite little boy, he even shook her hand when she entered their house and now he was sitting on the floor behind the coffee table, staring at her with his big brown eyes. His little sister crawled around on the floor before her, pulling herself upwards by grabbing Catherine's skirt with both hands. It was a welcome distraction, she couldn't deny that. \"Very good Mary!\" she exclaimed, quickly placing down her cup and extending her index fingers so the child could grab them and stand a little steadier. \"She's fast isn't she?\" she asked Lori, laughing as the infant walked away from her, forcing her to get up and move along with her. \"Are you kidding? Now she knows she's capable of this she refuses to do anything else,\" Lori smiled and got up herself to release Catherine from walking around for hours with her daughter. \"Come here you, there…sit with your auntie\" She planted the child on her sister's lap who raised her brow at the unexpected gesture but welcomed her niece right away. \"Oh hi sweetie! Yes, you come sit here right with me. Here, have a cookie…oh don't look at me like that,\" she said, her last words clearly directed at her sister. Catherine smiled at the family matters at hand and took a careful sip of her steaming tea, it was nice to see that the two sisters got along. She didn't know that much about Jaclyn really, just that she worked in a gallery and that she was planning on moving in with her boyfriend. \"So, will you do the cooking this evening?\" she asked and sat back on the couch, raising a brow at the tall man next to her. Robert grinned. \"When I have a wonderful cook to do it for me? Slim chance!\" Lori smirked. \"He knows how to cook Catherine, don't let him trick you into it!\" \"I trick her into cooking?\" he laughed out loud now. \"Yeah sure, that'll happen. You still owe me those scones by the way!\" With those last words he nudged her side and she blushed at the sudden contact, somehow it felt awkward to feel his hand on her with his entire family witnessing it. \"You're embarrassing her dad,\" Jaclyn's voice sounded soft but she was clearly heard nonetheless, he pulled his hand back immediately and cleared his throat. Catherine scratched behind her head, smiling politely at Lori who caught her glance. Boy, this was awkward. Silence flooded the living room like a cold stream of water and she felt insecure because of it, she had no idea how to change this unknown and uneasy tension into the warm and cozy atmosphere that Robert wanted and deserved. What on earth was she doing here? \"So…\" she started but before she could finish Jaclyn spoke up again. \"I'm going to check on dinner, I'll be right back.\" She got up and handed the protesting little girl back to her mother, extending her hand to her nephew who smiled gratefully at her. \"Come honey, you can help me!\" When she had left the room Catherine shifted in her seat and finished her tea, glancing aside at Robert as she placed her cup on the table before her. He winked at her as to reassure her and she smiled briefly when he placed his arm behind her again, feeling how his hand warmed the small of her back. This time she welcomed it and she leaned back into it a little, looking up when Lori cleared her throat. \"I eh… I'm going to put Mary to bed,\" she said and got up as well, leaving her father and his guest behind on the couch. She grinned. Boy, three was definitely a crowd. On her way to the nursery Lori passed the kitchen and glanced inside, finding her sister stirring the stew with a little too much force and she shook her head as she walked in. She had expected this. \"Jaclyn, what are you doing?\" she asked softly, \"It's a stew, not mashed potatoes you know.\" With a bang her sister placed down the spoon she was using. \"I know.\" \"All right, what's the problem?\" Lori asked, placing Mary in the baby chair. Jaclyn sighed and folded her arms as she leaned back against she sink. \"Nothing, I'm acting like a child so ignore me please. It's just that…\" \"Dad is seeing another woman,\" Lori finished for her and struck the same pose. \"I know, it's a bit difficult to see him with someone other than mom. But she's nice, you can't deny that. And he seems to be happy with her.\" Her sister shook her head. \"I know but still, I have a little trouble with seeing her sitting on mom's couch and drinking out of mom's cups. I'm sorry, I said I was acting like a child! I'm a horrible person and I shouldn't say this but I hate to see dad hooking up with someone else. As nice and sweet as she may be.\" For a moment it was silent and they watched Mary playing with a napkin in her chair. When Jaclyn spoke again her voice sounded soft and she glanced aside, meeting her sister's gaze. \"Do you think it's serious?\" \"Well…\" Lori started and took Jaclyn's hand, taking her with her to the half open kitchen door and she pointed at the two people on the couch. \"Look at them, do you think it's serious?\" she whispered. \"Are we spying on them now?\" Jaclyn hissed but stuck her head through the door anyway, swallowing with difficulty as she studied the objects of their conversation. They were talking, thank God they were just talking, and their heads were close together. Her father was stroking Catherine's back and her face expressed interest in what he was saying, nodding along with his comments. Now she was shaking her head and she pulled her hands through her hair, explaining something to him with lots of gestures. He seemed to understand her after just a few words and he smiled at her, wrapping his arm around her shoulder and saying something they couldn't understand. She leaned her head against his shoulder in a response. \"See? He's smitten,\" Lori whispered. \"They both are.\" \"Yeah okay, I get your point,\" Jaclyn said, frowning when the duo on the couch stopped talking and looked at each other for a moment. \"Oh god, if he kisses her I'll throw up,\" she moaned. \"Mom, why are you and auntie Jaclyn looking at grandpa?\" Michael suddenly said out loud and the two sisters jumped back into the kitchen, slamming the door shut in a hasty movement. For a moment they were dead silent and stared at each other but then they burst out into uncontrolled laughter. In the living room Catherine and Robert turned around on the couch, raising a brow at the sudden outburst in the kitchen. \"They were looking at us,\" Catherine stated more than she asked, glancing at Robert who was frowning now. \"So I heard,\" he said and the serious tone in his voice didn't escape her. \"Love, you just tried to convince me all of this is because they have to get used to us and now you're surprised that they're looking at us? I'm not!\" she smiled, trying to get him to look at her by tilting his chin towards her. When he finally did his eyes were a shade darker and she wondered if he was angry. \"I can't wait to be alone with you,\" he suddenly said in a low voice and reached out to take her hand in his. \"Are you on call tonight? Any chance that they'll take you away from my attention?\" She blushed a little and couldn't suppress a smile. \"No, I'm all yours,\" she grinned, feeling how her cheeks burned up even more. Why did everything have to sound so suggestive? She patted his knee when his smile appeared to be a little too enthusiastic. \"First we have to sit through dinner, remember?\" ----- The streets were deserted, the moon was barely visible through the cloudy sky and the wind playfully relieved the trees of their last leaves in the cold night air. Inside the car soft jazz music played and Robert hummed along, tapping with his finger on the steering wheel. \"It's really ridiculous that you're driving me home,\" Catherine said once again, glancing aside at the designated driver of the evening. \"We could have walked you know, we don't live that far apart.\" \"You're forgetting that I have to walk back all by myself and it's not safe out there. Didn't you learn anything from the safety talk on the block party?\" he asked and shrugged. \"Besides, it's getting colder.\" \"That I can't deny,\" she said, smiling at his fast response. \"Dinner was all right, wasn't it?\" She meant it, strangely enough when Lori and Jacklyn came out of the kitchen they were acting more relaxed and that had an effect on her as well. The other half of the evening had turned out to be quite nice, give or take a few awkward silent moments. \"Your grandchildren are a joy Robert.\" \"Thank you,\" he smiled, turning another corner. \"They seemed to like you too, usually they're not so comfortable with people they don't know but you know your way with kids of course. You would have been a great mother yourself.\" She blinked, his sudden compliments always caught her off guard and she couldn't deal with them that well all the time. Especially not when they referred to her deeper wants and needs in life. Sometimes she forgot how much she had shared with him already. \"Thank you,\" she simply said and grew silent, staring outside at the quiet neighbourhood. She was almost home she noticed. \"Jaclyn looks a lot like you,\" she said when he turned off the engine and the music stopped playing, creating a noticeable abrupt silence. He unbuckled his seatbelt, immediately shifting in his seat so he could do hers as well. She giggled when he didn't succeed right away and placed her hand on his to do it herself. \"Yeah I know. I don't want to talk about them anymore,\" he said in a low voice and she turned her head, meeting his gaze not far away from her. \"What do you want to talk about Mr. Woodward? Football? Politics? The risk of giving birth at home as opposed to the hospital?\" she asked in a teasing voice but she was very aware of his intentions. She had felt it all evening during dinner, his leg had brushed hers several times and at one point he even had the nerve to squeeze her thigh under the table. When Lori commented on her red cheeks she had blamed it on the spicy food, she wasn't sure that they believed her though. \"I don't want to talk at all,\" he murmured, cupping her warm cheek with his hand and pulling her a little closer. His thumb caressed her half open mouth, stroking her bottom lip with such delicacy that she closed her eyes. Deep down in her body something was brought to life that she didn't recognize at first but when he pressed his lips on hers she realized that it was pure desire. Their first kisses only a day ago were all about love and deep emotion but the intensity of these caresses was so much more than that. Just the feeling of his lips moving against hers was enough to make her shiver and she reacted to him, wrapping her arms around his neck. She kissed him just as much as he was kissing her, neither of them received or gave more, it was an endless and eager game that their lips played. He was the one to deepen the kiss this time, pleading her to open up for him and she responded, meeting him halfway. She tasted a faint image of coffee and dark chocolate and it melted her heart, knowing that he would taste the same in her. The kiss seemed endless; every time she thought that he would pull back he simply turned his head and took control over her body and mind once more. She could only give into the feelings that were dancing in the pit of her stomach and around her heart, relishing the sensation of his hands roaming over her back. Oh, how much she had missed physical contact with a man and she never even realized it. But he awaked it all in her, her heart was pounding and her breath came out uncontrolled as he broke the kiss to drift off to her neck. Inch by inch he found his way downwards and she turned her head to let him, keeping her eyes shut to not break the spell. She breathed in through her half open mouth and she couldn't suppress a soft moan that seemed to sound ten times louder in the silence of the car. Oh God, he was turning her on here and not just a little. Restlessly she reached out to him, gripping his collar in a useless attempt to get some control over their embrace and their lips met again, even more hungry now. He caressed her neck and back with both hands and suddenly she felt a rush of impatience shooting through her. The hell with it, she wanted to feel him on other places of her body too and she reached out when he didn't leave the safety of her neck on his own, taking his hand in her warm and slightly trembling grip. Still kissing him she moved his hand from her neck downwards, sliding down her body slowly and careful, feeling him smiling against her lips as he realized her intentions. When they reached her knee she released his hand, leaving him caressing the skin there and slid her own hand under his jacket. He didn't need much more encouragement and let his hand climb higher, pulling her leg a little upwards. He tickled the back of her knee under her tight skirt and she groaned frustrated when he tried to pull her on his lap and she hit her knee against the steering wheel and bounced back in her seat. Unwillingly she broke their kiss, opening her eyes to meet his dark gaze right in front of her. The windows were fogged from inside, creating an ambiance that was so intimate and so protective that she forgot all about her earlier doubts and fears. \"Do you want to come inside?\" she asked him softly, not realizing what those words caused inside him. She had no idea how much commotion was going on beneath that tough exterior, no idea how much she had knocked him sideways. It had been a while for both of them and it only increased their passion towards each other, that almost unbearable urge to touch and to be touched. He wanted her, that much he had known for quite some time now, but his desire had reached a new high now. He could only nod in response. ----- She didn't care about the drapes that she still had to shut downstairs, didn't care about the heat that she had to turn up and didn't care about double locking the front door. It was enough to hear the world close behind them and she moved in front of him with his hand firmly in hers, guiding him towards the stairs and up to her bedroom. He followed suit, stopping her halfway to press her against the wall and kiss her until she was breathless. Their hands were moving non-stop, trying to feel as much skin as possible as they made their way upstairs. When they finally reached the closed door of her bedroom she turned around and he saw it again, that warm glance in her eyes that was only meant for him. She avoided his lips when he tried to kiss her again and her face grew serious when she reached out to the handle, opening the door of her bedroom and her life for him. He blinked as he followed her inside, smelling her clean scent stronger than anywhere else in the house. It was dark, too dark to see anything but she moved around in the bedroom, closing the drapes in front of the window and finally she turned on the lamp on her nightstand, creating a subtle glow of warm light. He looked around and swallowed as he took in his surroundings, suddenly frozen in his movements when he realized where he was. She turned around and he pressed his lips together when their eyes locked and she sat back on her bed, extending her hand to invite him closer. Oh how much he longed to touch that perfect skin, to kiss those perfect lips until they were swollen and to taste every inch of her body. In any other circumstances he wouldn't have thought twice but now he did and he wasn't able to move a muscle. It wasn't right. \"Robert?\" she raised a brow when he didn't move but stayed where he was, in an unsettling way he seemed to be glued to the ground. \"Robert, what's wrong?\" she urged again and she got up from the bed, walking towards the tall man in front of her. He didn't smile at her, neither did he frown. He just looked at her, reaching out to touch her warm cheek. God she was so beautiful. \"Catherine, I can't,\" he suddenly said, feeling her jaw drop under his hand. She took a step back and he shook his head when she sank down on the bed slowly, her eyes widened from shock. \"No honey, hear me out please. It's not you, it's me. I can't do it… here .\" She blinked. \"You what?\" She couldn't believe that he was pulling back now she was finally ready to move forward. \"Please, just…\" he started, pointing at the wall behind her and at her nightstand. \"I can't make love to you when there's such…an audience.\" She turned her head and glanced at the direction he was pointing at, blinking before she met his gaze again. \"You mean…\" He moved towards her and gestured at the bed. \"Can I?\" he asked. She nodded and he sat down next to her, taking her hand in his again. \"Sweetheart, he's everywhere. Can you understand?\" He looked around again, seeing Tom's face staring at him from several picture frames. The closest and biggest one was on her nightstand, smiling broadly at them dressed in a tuxedo. Right in front of it was a pair of male glasses flanked by a single rose. How could he sleep with the man's wife for God's sake? For a second she was speechless, suddenly she looked at her room with eyes of an outsider and she hid her face between her hands in a helpless gesture, she had never felt more embarrassed in her life. \"I'm sorry Robert, I should have thought about this before. It's just that I'm used to…\" she couldn't finish her sentence because he removed her hands from her face. \"Don't do this please,\" he said, shaking his head. \"Don't think that I don't understand, believe me, if there's anyone who knows what it's like it's me.\" \"I know,\" she smiled, sighing deeply and she glanced around her again. The number of pictures was indeed a bit too much but they had given her a lot of comfort in her lonely hours here. But she couldn't deny that it could be a bit intimidating for a new lover. \"And that wallpaper is very… blue!\" he suddenly said out loud and she looked up, seeing the twinkle in his eyes that she loved so much. His casual tone calmed her down and the ease of their relationship was immediately back between them. \"What's wrong with blue?\" she asked, placing a hand in her side. \"I happen to like blue.\" \"I like blue too but there's also something as too much blue. And this wallpaper is too damned blue,\" he stated, grinning when she slapped his shoulder. \"Ouch!\" \"You just love to offend me, don't you?\" she shook her head but her eyes twinkled, stroking his shoulder lovingly now. He grew silent, realizing once more that they were more together than both realized. Even though this wasn't the moment to be together in the physical sense of the word but this meant more to him than anything else. As thrilling and exciting as those moments in the car might have been, this was what it all came down to really. \"No, I simply love you,\" he said, reaching out to brush a lock of hair behind her ear. She breathed in deeply. His words shot through her body like a bolt of lightning, swirling down her stomach and nestling warmly around her heart. \"I love you too,\" she whispered and before she realized what happened he wrapped both arms around her, holding her close to his heart. Their embrace seemed to last for hours and it was warm and comforting, familiar and new at the same time. It was so intimate to just sit there with him on her bed and she nestled against him even more, inhaling his masculine scent. Suddenly she felt exhausted but she couldn't say goodbye just yet. Even though they wouldn't make love this evening she couldn't let him go, she felt too fragile and too shaky to be alone right now. \"Robert?\" she murmured, pulling back a little so she could face him. \"Will you stay with me? Just… be with me?\" The shy look on her face warmed his heart and he smiled, kicking off his shoes in a silent answer. She smiled back and pressed her lips together as he climbed further on the bed, the familiar feeling of someone denting the mattress next to her was overwhelming. Neither of them cared about their clothes that would be wrinkled the next day, neither of them cared about anything anymore. Slowly he lied down on his back, extending his arm so she could crawl against him after she had turned off the light, placing her head on the soft area between his shoulder and chest. He pressed a single kiss on her forehead when she placed her arm on his stomach and their fingers entwined. She swallowed when she realized that his ring was gone but she didn't comment on it, she just breathed in deeply and cherished this feeling of safety and comfort. It was enough for now. \"Catherine?\" His voice sounded lazy and she turned her head to look at him but he prevented that by placing his hand on her head and playing with her hair with his fingers. \"Hmm?\" she whispered, pressing a kiss on the crisp fabric of his shirt. \"Why do I smell peanut butter?\" ----- She wrinkled her nose as she judged the dish of the day and decided to let it be just that, she wasn't in the mood for spicy Indian food and reached out to a club sandwich in stead. Combined with a cup of coffee and an orange for dessert it would be enough to keep her satisfied for the rest of the day. Her eyes scanned the room as she entered the cafeteria and she smiled when she saw the familiar face of William in the crowd. He was peeling an apple and waved at her as she made her way over to him, smiling broadly doing so. \"Is that all you're going to eat?\" he asked, studying her tray as she sat down. \"I don't like Chicken Takka Masala, sue me,\" she grinned, unwrapping her knife and fork from her folded napkin. \"It's been a while since we had lunch together,\" he stated and took a bite of his apple, raising a brow at her. \"How are you?\" She smiled broadly, avoiding his inquiring look as she took her first bite. \"I'm fine, thank you! How are you? And Marina?\" He smiled briefly. \"Well we're concerned about you, we haven't seen much of you lately. Actually we wanted to invite you for dinner, if you're interested of course!\" For a moment she hesitated and placed down her sandwich, suddenly feeling very awkward sitting here across the table and facing one of her good friends in life. And he had no idea what she was up to because she had been too chicken to tell him. \"Of course, I would love to come,\" she said enthusiastically and after a little hesitation she inhaled deeply. \"Can I bring a guest?\" she asked and he almost dropped what was left of his apple, staring at her in surprise. \"Are you seeing someone?\" he asked a little too loud and she glanced around her before she nodded, for a second she was afraid to see disapproval in his eyes but then he smiled and lowered his voice, leaning towards her over the table. \"Well I'll be damned! I'm happy for you Catherine, I really am. Who's the lucky man?\" She couldn't believe that it was this easy but it was, he never frowned or judged her, he expressed nothing but interest in her and it lightened her heart. It felt like it was the last thing to do, to come out and say that she was indeed seeing someone. Expressing it out loud made it more real to her but it felt right, it was like the truth had hit her finally. Even though her cheeks burned when she told William his name she was happy and proud. She was deeply in love with Robert Woodward and there was nothing wrong with that. ----- \"Can you finally tell me where we're going please?\" she asked again, frowning when he didn't answer her but whistled along with an annoying tune on the radio. \"Yes I can but I don't want to,\" he said, glancing aside to wink at her and grinned at her annoyed face. \"Patience doctor, we're almost there!\" She glanced outside, taking in the forest that spread out around them and she knew that he wouldn't tell her, he loved to tease her and he wouldn't give in for sure. \"We're invited for dinner with William and Marina,\" she said, turning in her seat to look at him. \"And I accepted it.\" \"Oh, is that your colleague? The guy with the beard right?\" he asked, turning the steering wheel once again. \"So now it's my turn to be judged? Will I be able to understand your medical talk all evening?\" \"He's a nice guy and loves to play pool, maybe you can learn that,\" she teased, poking him in the side and he chuckled, avoiding her touch. She sighed deeply and she felt light, free and relaxed. As she should be really, it was as if the whole world made sense again. She was sitting here with the man she loved, they were on their way to a surprise and the sun was shining outside, peeking through the naked trees as if to wink at her. She smiled. \"We're almost there,\" he suddenly said and she gasped when she recognized the surroundings, staring at him with big eyes as he turned off the engine. She had never expected to return to this place. \"Why are we here?\" she asked and raised a brow when he got out of the car, moving around it to open her car door and assisting her to exit it as well. \"You'll see,\" he stated, smiling broadly as she blinked and stared at the place where it all had begun. It looked different without being covered with a thick layer of snow but she remembered every inch of the cabin. She frowned when she saw smoke coming out of the chimney but her eyes twinkled. \"I thought you said that Charlie and Robin don't live here anymore,\" she said, giving him a sideward glance as he held up his arm for her and guided her towards the front door. \"They don't,\" he said, reaching out into his pocket to take out a key and dangled it in front of her widening eyes. \"But they left me the key, isn't that nice of them? This time I don't have to repair a window.\" For a moment she was frozen to the ground, her heart started to pound when realization hit her. She gasped but a smile curved her lips right away when he turned the key in the lock and opened the door for her. \"You told me that you only went back once,\" she said and entered the cabin, taking in her surroundings with a broad smile. It was warm inside, she smelled the familiar scent of the crackling wood in the fireplace, she saw the familiar couch and she felt at home right away. He took his coat off and placed it on the nearest chair. \"I did go back once,\" he stated with a smile, \"And the place was for sale.\" His eyes sparkled as he continued: \"It could come in handy for many purposes you know, I figured that we needed a place for us. Here it's just about you and me isn't it?\" He turned her around and removed her coat as well, throwing it on top of his. She nodded and titled her head towards him as he wrapped his arms around her waist to pull her closer. \"Yes this is about you and me.\" \"As it should be,\" he said in a low voice and then he smiled briefly, \"Do you believe in second chances?\" Her smile faded out but her eyes stayed warm and loving as she looked at the man that occupied her heart, hopefully for many years to come. \"I never did, but now I do,\" she whispered, closing her eyes when he leaned in to press a kiss on her cheek. \"Are you on call tonight? Any chance that they'll take you away from my attention?\" he mumbled against her skin and she blushed a little, wrapping her arms around his neck and shaking her head in response. He moved his lips to her neck. \"I'm all yours Mr. Woodward,\" she moaned and she felt his breath on her ear when he mumbled something, a sentence that warmed her heart and rushed butterflies through her entire body. \"You want me to pick you up and carry you?\" ","Summary":" I do not own the characters or the rights to this movie. Nor do I make money from this. This is all"},{"Movie":"One Special Night","Title":"One Special Christmas","Author":"RevSue","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3214000","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title:n One Special Christmas Rating:nT Summary:nYet another possible sequel to the movie One Special Night (andnfilling in a few missing pieces!) Disclaimer:n One Special Night was produced by kaBOOM! Entertainment Inc. forntelevision, so these characters don't belong to me, and I make nonmoney from this work of fiction. All I get out of this story is thensatisfaction of seeing Robert and Catherine together as they SHOULDnbe. Catherinengot into Robert's vehicle, still clutching her white scarf and thenred box with the precious necklace in it ... the necklace she hadnthought she would never see again. She couldn't believe thatnRobert had actually FOUND it! As he walked around to get in behindnthe wheel, she opened the jewellery box again and her fingers tracedndown the gold filigree to the pearl at the bottom. Tom had found thenpearl in an oyster when they had been on one of their rare holidays,nand had had it set at the island jewellers the very next day so thatnhe could present it to her the final evening of their four daynvacation to celebrate their twenty-fifth wedding anniversary. Shenrecalled that they had laughed until they had cried over thensuperstition of pearls being for tears ... yet not two months later,nTom had been diagnosed with prostate cancer. Tears of laughter,ntears of sorrow ... now she blinked back tears of happiness thatnRobert had taken the time and made the effort to recover the keepsakenshe had thought gone forever. Takingnthe necklace out of the box and pushing open her coat, Catherinentried to fasten the chain at the back of her neck. When he got in,nRobert started the Suburban, then noticed her struggles. Withna loud sigh, but a smile to temper it, he said, \"Turn around andnlet me fasten it.\" Catherinenwas surprised. Robert's hands were large, like Tom's had been. nTom could never have manipulated anything as tiny as the clasp on thenchain. \"It's quite small ...\" she began, even as she twistednaround, still holding the ends of the chain behind her. Robert'snhands closed over hers. \"I'm used to it,\" he chuckled. \"Twondaughters, remember? Not to mention MaryBeth ...\" Hisnwords died away and the silence was palpable. His fingers tensed,nthen, as Catherine slid her hands away from his, he began to work onnfastening the clasp. When he bent forward further to squint at whatnhe was doing, Catherine could feel his warm breath on her neck. Shenshivered involuntarily. \"It'snall right, Robert,\" she murmured, \"I don't need it on.\" Thennhis hands spread over her shoulders and she distinctly felt his lipsnon the nape of her neck. \"All done.\" His voice was husky. Henpressed another kiss to the back of her neck, closer to her shoulder.n \"You smell wonderful, Catherine.\" Herntrembling increased, and she had to break the sudden tension in thenvehicle. Forcing a laugh, she drew slowly away from him and turnednback to face the front, saying in a voice that shook only slightly,n\"Having a hundred women smell my scarf to determine my perfume mustnhave made an impression.\" Robertnsettled back behind the wheel, grinning. \"That's right. So,nready?\" \"Wherenare we going?\" Catherine asked as they pulled out of the hospitalnparking lot. \"You said you had something to show me?\" \"Yes,nI do,\" he nodded, then reached over and turned on the CD player. nStrains of the classical music Catherine loved spilled out. Shensmiled, then admitted softly, \"I bought a Sarah Vaughn tape, andnlisten to it all the time now.\" She re-folded the scarf he hadnreturned to her, then repeated, \"Where are we going, Robert? Incan't be away too long. I'm on call ... and I'm supposed to benover at William and Marina's by noon.\" \"Maybenyou'd better give them a call and say you're not going to makenit,\" he suggested blandly. \"We know the cell phones work here.\" Somewhatnexasperated, Catherine frowned at him. \"I have responsibilities,nRobert,\" she reminded him. \"I can't just walk away from thenpeople depending on me. How far away IS this ... something ... thatnyou wanted to show me?\" \"Notntoo far.\" He sounded vague. \"Lori looks well this morning,ndoesn't she? And little Marybeth will be all right?\" \"She'llnbe fine,\" Catherine said. \"It wouldn't hurt for them both tonstay another night in the hospital, just for observation, but thennthey can go home.\" \"Ifnshe came home today, she'd have to cook the turkey,\" Robertngrinned. \"I think Jaclyn was hoping she WOULD be home.\" \"Anothernreason I decided to keep her in one more day. Will Lori ...\"nCatherine hesitated, wondering if she should ask, then decided shenmight as well. \"Will she be coming back to your place ... or isnJeff fully re-instated in her life now? I know that on Thanksgivingnyou thought they would work it out ... but then, last night I heardnhim tell her she had to forgive him ... so I gather they weren'tnback together until last night.\" \"Hendid? What'd she say? I just kind of took it for granted that he'dnbe back when the baby came ... never thought about it. What'd hendo that needed forgiveness?\" \"Inthought YOU would know!\" Catherine stared at him. Robertnglanced at her, then focussed on the road again. \"Nah. I don'tnget that involved. It probably wasn't much ...\" Catherinenfrowned. \"Breaking up a family and leaving your husband, even forna short time, USUALLY infers that it was something important enoughnfor the woman, Robert.\" \"Well,nLori was a little emotional ... because of the pregnancy, you known... I always knew she would come to her senses ...\" \"Robert,nyou are being ridiculous! Lori is your daughter! You should benfinding out about these things from HER point of view, I shouldnthink! It sounded to me as though JEFF was the one who had donensomething, and he wanted Lori to forgive him and take him back!\" \"Injust don't like to stick my nose in other people's business,\"nRobert said dismissively. \"If Lori had wanted to tell me the wholenstory, she would have. It was enough that she brought my best budnMichael and moved in with me. Isn't this a nice day for Christmas?n Much nicer than the last time we drove together ... although we seemnto be arguing just as much now as then.\" Catherinenwas about to retort angrily, but she swallowed it and gazed stormilynout the window for a few minutes. He was right, they WERE arguingnagain ... and she didn't WANT to argue with him. It was ChristmasnDay ... and the month since Thanksgiving had seemed so long with nonword from him. After a moment, she changed the subject, repeatingnwhat she had said earlier in the parking lot. \"I WAS at Murray'snthat Sunday after Thanksgiving.\" \"Inthought you might have been,\" was his laconic reply. Then he shotna glance at her as he turned onto a secondary road. \"So younenjoyed the chocolate chip pancakes?\" \"Yes,\"nreplied Catherine rather shortly. \"They'renmuch better with company. Especially my best bud, Michael. We'llnhave to go there soon ... the three of us.\" \"I'dnlike that,\" she admitted, softening and turning to look at him. \"Sonwould I. Very much.\" His warm gaze met hers, and the colour rosenin her face again at the blatant look of desire she intercepted. nThen his hand was on hers which were trembling slightly in her lap. n\"Very much,\" he repeated. His thumb slipped under her glove andnover the palm of the hand he had captured. Catherinencaught her breath at the sensual feel, her toes almost curling. Thentension in the vehicle was almost palpable. Her trembling increased,nand she shifted in her seat trying to ease the throbbing in her lowernbody. She wasn't misinterpreting his unspoken signals, was she? nIt had been so long since she had been pursued by a man interested innher sexually. \"Robert ...\" her voice died away in a whisper. nShe looked away and out the window again, wondering once more wherenthey were heading but realizing there was little point in asking. \"Inthought about you a lot,\" Robert suddenly confessed. AgainnCatherine's breathing hitched and longing for him flooded her body.n She spoke softly, \"When you didn't call, it seemed that mayben...\" her voice trailed off. \"Inwanted to call,\" Robert said, and the frustration he had beennfeeling was suddenly obvious in his voice. \"I just felt it was anlittle too soon ...\" Atnthat moment, the vehicle swerved after hitting a patch of ice hiddennunder a faint dusting of snow. Robert swore under his breath and hisnhand left hers hurriedly as he struggled to keep the Suburban on thenroad. After fishtailing wildly, they plunged forward into the ditch,nCatherine throwing out her hands to brace herself. They jerkednforward, then stopped. \"Indon't believe this!\" Catherine gasped, wondering whether to laughnor cry. What was it about driving with Robert that had their livesnderailed every time? \"Incan't believe this happened twice!\" Robert muttered. He put thencar in reverse and spun the tires, trying to back out. Not even thenfour-wheel drive was any help. He was furious with himself. He hadnhad this morning all planned ... and now look where he was! Henglanced at Catherine, and she saw the anger in his eyes. \"Inhad nothing to do with it this time!\" Catherine put up her handsndefensively. She had been driving last time, and had endured enoughnof his caustic comments about her choice of vehicle for winterndriving, as well as her questionable skill on icy roads. \"Younstay in the car, I'll go for help,\" Robert sighed, pulling on hisngloves and preparing to get out and walk in the brisk, cold wind. \"No.n YOU stay in the car. I have responsibilities. People depend onnme.\" Catherine retorted. How could he even THINK that she couldnsit around waiting to be helped? At least if she was walking, shenwould feel she was doing the best she could in the circumstances! Theynboth reached for the door handles, and got out of the car. Robertngrinned as he let her walk on ahead. She was so predictable! Thatnwas one of the things he loved about her. She turned impatiently tonsee if he was coming, and he walked faster to catch up to her. Itnwas amazing how, after just one night, they knew each other so well. nThey walked on together, neither speaking at first, but both feelingnvery comfortable in their silence. \"Oh!\"nCatherine exclaimed, catching sight of a cabin through the trees. n\"I've tried to find my way back here! I've always got lost!\"n She looked at Robert, her delight shining in her eyes. \"Well,nI've spent a lot of time here ...\" Robert said offhandedly. \"Really?\"nshe asked, disbelieving. When he didn't answer, just kept walkingntowards the cabin, she followed, her eyes on the smoke coming out ofnthe chimney. \"If you've stranded us here on purpose, it was anwaste of time. Charlie and Robin are HOME, it seems.\" \"MaybenHoward and Millie will let us in to warm up.\" Robert kept walking. \"Robert,\"nCatherine scolded him, picking her way along the path carefully, notnwanting to fall flat on her face again. \"You can't barge in onnpeople on Christmas morning!\" Robert opened the porch door andnwent right to the inside door. Catherine tried again. \"We mustn'tninterrupt, Robert!\" Robertnknocked on the door. \"I'm sure they'll be happy to see us!\" nHe knocked again. \"They'renprobably afraid to answer the door!\" Catherine chuckled. Sayingnnothing, Robert turned from the door and headed back outside. n\"Robert?\" Catherine asked, coming up to the outside door, herneyes following him as he walked briskly around the corner of thencabin. \"Robert?\" Then the sound of breaking glass came to her. nHer eyes went wide. \"He's CRAZY!\" Headingnback to the inside door, she waited for Robert to open it. When hendid, she stepped inside and, as she took off her scarf, demanded,n\"Where are Charlie and Robin?\" Inwardly she cringed. Thatnsounded as if she expected him to have killed them and disposed ofntheir bodies or something. \"Howardnand Millie moved to Florida,\" he announced. \"The place was fornsale.\" \"THISnis your vacation home?\" Catherine asked, incredulously. She lookednaround the cabin, which hadn't changed much in the month since theynhad been here. \"You ... BOUGHT it?\" She turned to allow Robertnto remove her coat. \"Yes.n Just for an emergency. In case I ever got stranded again.\" Hentossed her coat on to a chair, and put his hands on her upper arms asnshe turned back to him. \"Do you believe in second chances?\" \"I'mna woman of science. I only believe in what I see.\" Catherinenreplied. Surprise, then understanding and shyness darkened her eyes.n She didn't pull away, but he could feel her tensing slightly. Robertnclosed the door gently, and took hold of her again. \"MerrynChristmas, Millie,\" he said huskily. Catherinenstared at him, happiness shining out of her eyes and shimmeringnthrough her veins. In the back of her mind, she remembered when henhad carried her into the porch and had told her she needed to benpicked up. Their eyes had met and clung just as they were now. Shennow acknowledged to herself that she had wanted him to kiss her thatnother time, had shamelessly hoped that he would kiss her ... all thentime knowing he could not and would not. He would be faithful to hisnwife. \"MerrynChristmas, Howard,\" Catherine replied softly now, conceding to himnin their game of names. Yes, Merry Christmas. Unlike that time anmonth ago, now there was nothing between them to keep them apart. nMaryBeth was gone, just as Tom was gone. They would always benremembered, always be loved, but they were gone and the old Robertnand the old Catherine had gone with them. There were no ghosts herenin the cabin at this moment, only Howard and Millie or Robin andnCharlie or, well, the NEW Robert and Catherine. And Catherine knewnRobert was going to kiss her. Thank God, he was going to kiss her atnlast! Theirnlips met, tentatively at first, and her arms tightened around hisnwaist. His kiss was gentle and sweet as though he was savouring thenexperience ... as though she was not the only one to be intriguednwith the other. She slowly began to relax, and her body softenednagainst his. All at once a growl escaped his throat, shot straightnto her core, and she shoved all the memories aside as he kissed hernwith such passion that he seemed ready to combust. Catherinenknew that feeling. It had been a long time for her, just as it hadnbeen for him. Their kiss deepened and lingered, and she felt warmthnand texture and hot, hot need. Her body burned, and it certainlynwasn't because of the weather outside! No, she was hot for Robert,nfor his taste, for his touch. The breath hitched in her throat andnher arms slid up to his shoulders. He pulled her closer and groundnher lower body against his, nudging her in a simulation of what henmost craved. Catherine moaned, soft and needy, and she angled hernhead more to her liking. The one voracious kiss turned into two,nthree ... too many to count. Theynhad both loved previously, loved profoundly, and they had both lostnwhat they had valued most. When Tom had died, when MaryBeth hadnforgotten Robert, Catherine and Robert had both sealed themselves offnfrom others in many ways, because no one else could quite understandntheir pain. Then, Thanksgiving Day, they had found one another andnit seemed that nothing had been the same since. Despite the painnboth had endured in the last month, hope had returned now. What anglorious Christmas present for both of them! Atnthat moment, the telephone rang. \"Ignorenit,\" Robert murmured against her lips, running his hands up andndown her back caressingly. Catherine,nhowever, had tensed again in his arms, and begun to resist thendetermined assault on her senses. \"Robert, be sensible. Therencould be a problem ...\" \"TherenWILL be a problem if I can't continue making love to you ...\" hengrumbled, pressing kisses on her cheeks and ear as she turned hernhead away. Thentelephone continued to ring, and then the shrill sound of Catherine'sncell phone added to the disruption. Catherine began to laughnhelplessly. At last she twisted out of his arms. \"You get yournphone, I'll answer mine,\" she said. \"Damn!\"nRobert muttered. \"Well, remember where we were!\" Herneyes were soft and eloquent as she said, \"I could never forgetnthat, Robert.\" Henreached for her again, but she pointed to the telephone on the cabinnwall, then found her cell phone in her coat pocket and answered it. Ono O o O o To Be Continued[Chapter 2] WhennCatherine disconnected after having assured Marina that she was finenalthough stranded without a vehicle, apologizing in advance fornmissing the noon meal and fielding her friend's pointed inquiriesnwith a vagueness not usual for her, she looked around the cabin asnRobert finished up his conversation. Notna lot was changed. The furniture was the same, the candles they hadnused for their Thanksgiving supper were still on the table ... andnthe fire was lit. Catherine frowned. She had forgotten that she hadnseen the smoke as they had approached the cabin. Who had lit thenfire? Was someone else here? She walked over closer to thenfireplace and held her hands out to the flames. The fire wasnwell-established, and had been burning for quite a while. She addednanother log from the pile hidden in the cupboard on the right, thennstood watching for moment making sure it was going to catch. ThennRobert's hands were sliding around her waist and he was drawing hernclose as he bent and nuzzled her neck again. Catherine's heartbeatnsped up once more as she felt the touch of his tongue on thensensitive skin behind her ear. \"R-Robert ... we ... we shouldn'tn...\" she stammered, but she leaned back against him nonetheless. Hisnhands slipped under her turtleneck and spread over her midriff, hotnand slightly rough on her bare skin. \"Why not?\" he askednhuskily, nibbling kisses along her jawline which she obliginglynturned up for him. \"You're a woman and I'm a man. Both of usnare free, willing and over twenty-one ...\" Anwhisper of a chuckle escaped her as his fingers lightly caressed hernskin in circles, approaching then retreating from the breasts achingnfor his touch. \"We are indeed over twenty-one.\" \"Whethernor not you want to admit it, you want me as badly as I want you,nCatherine, and life is too short not to take risks.\" His fingersngrazed the curve of her breasts which suddenly felt fuller andnheavier than before. Catherine'snbreath left her in a whoosh as her knees threatened to buckle beneathnher. She moaned faintly and he murmured, \"Is that a protest? Donyou want me to stop?\" Withoutnhesitation, Catherine's hands closed over his and held them fast tonher. She twisted her head to look at him. \"Don't you dare!\" nHe could see the hunger in her eyes, the longing for him as much asnhe was experiencing a longing for her. For a moment he thought hensaw tears in her eyes, but then she gave him a hesitant smile. \"Inneed this,\" she whispered. \"We BOTH need this. But ... I'mnscared ...\" \"Hell,ndo you think I'm NOT?\" he asked, his mouth pressing kisses to herncheek, back to her ear, then along her jawline to her chin. \"You'renright, we both need this. Damn, it has been so long for us!\" Hisnhands swept over her body purposefully. Catherine'sndesire grew and another moan escaped her throat. Instantly he spunnher in his arms and began kissing her deeply again, his hands moldingnher body to his. In between kisses, he murmured over and over,n\"Catherine, my Catherine ... I've dreamt of holding you like thisn... I've dreamt of your kisses ... Catherine, I love you ... Godnforgive me, but I love you so much!\" \"Robert!n Oh, God, Robert, I love you, too!\" Catherine gasped against hisnlips. She twisted frantically in his hands, trying to ease thenburning desire his touch brought to light in the body she had thoughtnlong past such ecstasy. \"PLEASE, Robert ...!\" Her breath came innfaint sobs as she thrilled to his touch. \"Damn,nyou taste good!\" His mouth on hers had been warm, suddenly it wasnhot, demanding. \"Tellnme this is real! Tell me I'm not dreaming!\" Catherine gasped,nliquid fire surging through her, winding into a centre where hungernleapt out again like sparks of the liquid blaze. Her hands hadnwormed their way beneath his shirt and spread over his back, hernnails digging in as she arched closer still. Takingnthe time to savour the experience, Robert didn't seem to be in anynhurry to move on. He concentrated on kissing her, his mouth fusingnon hers, probing, then lifting only long enough to allow him tonexplore a new angle. Catherine was rapidly losing patience. She wasntrembling from anticipation as well as nerves and she nestled morensnugly against him, soaking up his delicious heat and letting it fuelnher own. No thinking today, she reminded herself, no analyzing ornsecond guessing. This had been building from the moment in thisncabin at Thanksgiving when Robert had introduced himself and saidnthat if they were going to be sleeping together, they should knowneach other's name. Neither had imagined that they would be sonattracted to one another despite the somewhat rocky beginning ofntheir relationship not to mention the odds against them. It was as ifnthey had been waiting all their lives for this to happen. Butnstill, it shouldn't BE happening! Catherine could no more turn offnher thoughts than she could stop her response to Robert. She wasn'tna reckless teenager, governed by mindless impulse and ragingnhormones! As far as that went, she had never HAD raging hormones ...nuntil she had met Robert! She had never behaved this way as anteenager, nor had ever felt this with Tom, so why was shensurrendering to these emotions now as a mature adult? She was andoctor, a woman her colleagues claimed was wrapped in steely control.n Where was that steely control now, when she really needed it? Shentried to draw away, to apologize to Robert for making him think thisnwas more than simply gratifying a physical urge, because of course itncould not be anything else. \"Robert, I didn't mean ...\"nCatherine whispered when he loosened his hold just a bit and starednat her. \"Yes.n Yes, dammit, you did mean it. And so did I! Catherine, I know itnhas only been a month since MaryBeth died, but having you here, in mynarms ...\" Robert's voice trailed away, and he looked as thoughnhe didn't plan to finish speaking his thoughts out loud. \"Yes?\"nCatherine waited breathlessly. \"Oh,nthe hell with it,\" he growled in his frustration and lowered hisnmouth to hers again. Evennas she gave herself up to his passionate kiss, Catherine acknowledgednthat she shared his frustration. She wanted to make love with him,nwanted to have him touch her and take what was already his ... andnshe knew it was going to happen sometime. There was no point innpretending it wouldn't. Their bodies were sending waves of heatnshooting in all directions, and their hands were roaming, as if tonreassure themselves that the other was actually there and they WEREnactually touching. There was a breathlessness to just being with thenother like this. Alone. Anticipating more. And then everything wasnconsumed in a surge of frantic, almost agonized need, a storm ofnsensation so powerful that Catherine let herself be carried off innthe mindless clamour of her responses to Robert's tormentingnlovemaking, her heart pounding in her ears. Robertngroaned and drew back ... and through her daze, Catherine realizednthat the pounding she was hearing was NOT her heart. \"Robert?n Dr. Howard? Hey, you've got company! Open up!\" The loudnknocking on the door resumed, along with the shouts. Gulpingnin needed air, Catherine managed to straighten her clothing and runnshaking hands through her tousled hair. Robert swore under hisnbreath as he struggled to get himself under control. Then he stompednover to the door, thanking God he had locked it, but wishing he hadnnot revealed where he and Catherine were. If Jeff, Jaclyn andnMichael had arrived even one second later, it would have beennimpossible to stop making love to Catherine. As it was, he was morenuncomfortable than he had felt in years! And yet ... this was hisnfamily. He should be happy to see them. And he would be, as soon asnhe could tamp down the desire for Catherine which was still ragingnthrough his body. Asnfor Catherine, she pressed her hands together in an effort to stopnher violent trembling, wishing she could suppress her emotions asneasily and drawing in large gulps of air. \"Grandpa!\"n Suddenly Michael and Jaclyn were in the room, having come in thenback door while Jeff had been knocking relentlessly on the front. nMichael flung himself on his grandfather who just managed to unlocknthe door before being engulfed in a hug. \"You weren't hurt whennthe truck went in the ditch?\" \"Dad?n Why'd you lock the ... Dr. Howard!\" Jaclyn stared at Catherinenincredulously, then back at her father. Catherinenflushed deeply, knowing Jaclyn couldn't help but see that she hadnbeen well and truly kissed. She had no idea what to say. Her eyesnmet Robert's across the room. \"What?\"nhe asked aggressively. He almost glared at Jaclyn, then Jeff. n\"What's the matter? I SAID I was all right!\" \"Youndidn't say you were still with ...\" Jaclyn broke off, biting hernlip and looking down. \"Lorintold us to come out and spend the afternoon with you here at thencabin, then to go back to the hospital this evening to visit,\" Jeffnexplained awkwardly, his eyes skimming over Catherine's face andnhis father-in-law's before looking away. \"I, uh ... didn'tnthink you'd be ... uh ... But you can look right in the door, son... umm, I sent Jaclyn and Michael around the back way, and, well,nsorry ...\" ThennMichael was standing in front of Catherine, looking at her curiously.n \"Why is your face so red?\" Catherine'snhands flew to her cheeks. \"Is it?\" she asked breathlessly,nforcing a light laugh. \"I suppose it's from the fire.\" \"Thenfire's not very hot!\" Michael said scornfully. \"It's almostnout! Grandpa, can I put more wood on it and pretend we're livingnin the old days?\" \"Sure,nbuddy,\" Robert said. Jeffnseemed to have recovered from the shock of finding Robert andnCatherine in a somewhat compromising situation. \"So,\" henchuckled, clapping Robert on the shoulder and earning a rather sournlook from the older man, \"you managed to put the Suburban in thenditch in almost the same place the car ended up at Thanksgiving! nWere you driving both times?\" \"Inhad nothing to do with it this time,\" Catherine spoke up swiftly. Jaclynnwas still trying to study Catherine and her father surreptitiously,nbut with little success. She openly stared at them both then finallynburst out, \"Dad, what exactly is going on here?\" Therenwas a pause. Robert scowled and Catherine swallowed hard. \"AuntnJaclyn, you KNOW it's Christmas!\" Michael chuckled, having thrownnanother log on the fire haphazardly. \"We're here at Grandpa'snhouse to play and finish cooking the turkey you brought so we cannhave a good supper!\" The little boy grinned up at her, oblivious tonall the undercurrents in the room. \"Are you going to stay, uhn...?\" he turned to Catherine, clearly having forgotten her name. \"DR.nHoward,\" Jaclyn supplied, her eyes still on her father somewhatnaccusingly as she emphasized Catherine's title. \"Whyndid you call her the Hershey lady this morning if she's a doctor?\"nMichael asked, puzzled. \"Ingive out Hershey bars for Hallowe'en,\" Catherine said softly. n\"And Jaclyn, it's not what you think ...\" \"It'snnot?\" Jaclyn's narrowed gaze swung to Catherine, over-ridingnMichael's cry of 'cool!' \"What IS it, then?\" \"It'snnone of your business, that's what it is, young lady!\" growlednRobert. \"Well,\"nJeff said, forcing a cheery note into his voice. \"Shall we get thenturkey in the oven, then go see if we can pull your Suburban out ofnthe ditch?\" Ono O o O o To Be Continued[Chapter 3] Itntook the four adults only a little over an hour before they managednto get the turkey in the oven, Jaclyn muttering all the time thatnthat had been Lori's job! Then they all dressed up again and wentnoutside to see what could be done with the Suburban. As they walkednup the lane to where Jeff had left his vehicle, Jaclyn and Michaelnfell behind, beginning to pelt one another with snowballs. Jeffnturned and shouted back to Jaclyn that she may as well just stay atnthe cabin with Michael, since he was sure the three of them couldnhandle towing out the Suburban. Catherinengot into the back seat, leaving the front for Robert. She stillnhoped that he and Jeff would have a discussion about Lori and thenseparation, and finally decided that if Robert wouldn't ask, shenwould have to find a way to MAKE them talk. It was none of hernbusiness, of course, but from what she had overheard in the deliverynroom, she thought Robert SHOULD know the truth of the matter! Whilenthe men were trying to figure out where to hook on the towline,nCatherine stood nearby, then decided to speak up. \"Jeff, I justnwanted to say thank you for once again coming to our rescue. I'mnsure Lori would much rather have had you stay with her today.\" \"Well,nwe're all going back after supper,\" he said offhandedly. \"Sonyou've reconciled, have you?\" she asked daringly. \"Robert toldnme at Thanksgiving you were separated ...\" Jeffnlooked sharply at her, then at Robert who was frowning. \"Catherine,\"nRobert said, \"I TOLD you it was nothing and would blow over. Justnsome hormonal thing with Lori.\" Catherinensaid nothing, just backed away. Jeff hooked up the cord, thenngrinned at Robert. \"Women! They don't realize what a man needs!n I mean, Lori wasn't interested in sex once she was pregnant, and anman MISSES it! YOU know what I mean, old man!\" Robertnstraightened up and stared at Jeff. \"What are you saying?\" \"Itnwas just a fling. I told Lori it didn't mean anything.\" Jeffnshrugged. \"AnFLING?\" Robert repeated in astonishment. \"You mean ... younCHEATED on her?\" \"Itnwas just the once,\" Jeff said defensively. \"No big deal. Justnto relieve the pressure, you know?\" Then he winked at Robert andncontinued slyly, \"A fling like you had with Dr. Howard atnThanksgiving, 'cause I'm sure it had been a while since you andnMaryBeth had been intimate. Like I said, a man has needs and if wencan't get 'em fulfilled one place, there's always another ...\" AsnJeff's words sank in and Robert began to comprehend them, the oldernman saw red. He struggled to find something to say then gave up and,nmaking a fist, hit his son-in-law in the jaw with a punch powerfulnenough to send the cocky young man flying backwards into thensnowbank. Jeffnsat up, gingerly touching the trickle of blood starting on his cutnlip. He looked puzzled and angry. \"What the hell was THAT for?\" \"Don'tnEVER let me hear such damned idiotic thoughts coming out of yournmouth again, you little punk!\" Robert roared. \"Not about myndaughter, and not about Catherine and I!\" Catherine,nwho had stayed out of the way until now and had been astounded atnJeff's conjectures about their quite innocent stay in the cabin thenprevious month, stepped forward now, furious herself. \"How DAREnyou make such assumptions about Robert and I?\" Her voice wasncolder than the air and cut as sharply as the wind. \"Not everyonenis as pathetic as you are! Let me tell you something, young man! nPersonally, I think you are damn lucky to have married Lori and tonhave asked her to forgive you at the one particular time in her lifenwhen a woman will do anything for the man she loves! Thousands ofnwomen would never take you back, and I'm almost certain that ifnLori herself knew how flippantly you dismiss your actions, she wouldnrethink her forgiveness! You had better be an exemplary husband fromnnow on, because the haze of acceptance of just about anything thatncomes right after successful childbirth doesn't last long! As fornRobert and myself ... to consider that we took advantage of ournnightmarish adventure in the snowy wilderness ...\" She choked up,ntoo angry to say another word, convinced that if she said anything,nmore would come out than she intended. Besides, she was hampered bynthe memory of this morning, knowing that Jeff had seen theirnpassionate embrace. He could possibly be justified in thinking thatnsomething MIGHT have happened last month, but he was most definitelynNOT justified in commenting aloud as if his assumptions were truth! \"Incan't believe you'd both get so worked up over a simple ...nINCIDENT!\" Jeff grumbled, getting to his feet. \"At the end ofnthe day, it was just a meaningless encounter. Mine with Heather, Inmean,\" he added hastily. \"Not yours. Yours obviously meant morento you both ...\" \"AndnI cannot believe that you have the gall to talk about OUR 'incident'nin the same breath as YOURS!\" Robert fumed. \"Andnyour encounter with ... Heather ...\" Catherine spoke distastefully,n\"might be meaningless to you, but it obviously bothered Lori enoughnto leave you for it.\" \"Indidn't know she knew,\" muttered Jeff, unrepentant. Catherinenshook her head in disbelief. \"You still don't get it, do you?\" \"Itnwasn't a big deal!\" Jeff insisted. Robertntook a couple of strides through the deep snow and gripped Jeff'sncoat at the throat. \"If I so much as hear a WORD from Lori or seena sign that you ever cheated on her again, either physically or evennin what passes as your damned tiny brain, so help me, you'll regretnit for the rest of your sorry life! Get it?\" \"Allnright, all right!\" Jeff raised his hands in surrender. WhennRobert slowly released him, Jeff loosened his collar, cleared hisnthroat, then said sulkily, \"Besides, I really DO love Lori, and Inhave no intentions of cheating on her again.\" He took a deepnbreath, then turned apologetically to Catherine. \"And I guess Inowe you an apology, too, for what I was thinking about you and thenold man here. For what it's worth, I never said anything to Lorinor Jaclyn, and I doubt they thought the same thing I did. And I DIDnsend Jaclyn and Michael around the back when I saw you this morning,nso they didn't see you guys making out! Forgive me?\" Hisnhopeful look included Robert. Robertnand Catherine exchanged glances, then Robert growled, \"We WEREN'Tn'making out', as you put it! It was a KISS!\" A mind-blowingnkiss, but a kiss. Several kisses. Kisses that had curled their toesn... Their eyes met again, then skittered away. As one, both noddednat Jeff. \"Aw, hell. All right. But remember, I'm keeping myneye on you!\" Robert grumbled. \"ItnIS Christmas,\" Catherine said, \"So I guess I'll forgive you,ntoo.\" \"Let'snget this damn Suburban out of the ditch and go back to the cabin. nMichael's got presents to open!\" Jeff grinned thankfully. Ono O o O o Havingnagreed to go back to the hospital with the rest of Lori's familynafter their early turkey supper, Catherine sat quietly in the frontnseat of the Suburban thinking about the afternoon and the fun theynhad all had helping Michael set up the electric train set he hadnreceived for Christmas that year. Remembering Michael's excitednface and chatter, Catherine realized anew that Christmas was the onentime during the year when the pain of never having had children ofnher own flared up once again. She could still feel the dull ache,ndeep within her heart, that to this day questioned and resented thenfact that her own body had not only failed her but her husband Tom asnwell. Thankfully, Tom had never once blamed her for their lack ofnchildren. He used to hold her in his arms while she cried as anothernmonth went by and another menstrual cycle began. Her never gettingnpregnant and not having children certainly wasn't from lack ofntrying on either of their parts. Catherine's face flushed slightlynat her thoughts, and she stirred in her seat. Howncould she even be remotely thinking of Robert in that way when hernmemories of Tom were so vivid and still had the power to move her? nAnd if Jaclyn continued to be faintly hostile, as it seemed she hadnbeen throughout the day, perhaps Catherine had no place in Robert'snlife. She wasn't sure she wanted to cause a rift between Robertnand his daughters! Lori had seemed quite friendly and open to anrelationship between her father and Catherine this morning, but wouldnshe react the same way once she was out of the hospital? After all,nJaclyn hadn't looked disapproving this morning either! It was onlynwhen she had seen Catherine with him at the cabin that her attitudenhad appeared to change. Catherinenalmost begged off going up to Lori's room when they reached thenhospital, but Robert took her arm as he helped her out of thenSuburban and said quietly, \"I'll take you home after this. Inknow you won't want to be late. And yes, I know your vehicle isnhere. But I want to take you home. And I want to pick you upntomorrow morning about 7:30 so you, Michael and I can all go tonMurray's for chocolate chip pancakes. All right?\" \"Robert,nit's not necessary for you to drive me everywhere!\" Catherinensaid, \"I DO have my own vehicle here!\" \"Infigured if I picked you up and we were in the same vehicle, we'dnBOTH be sure we got to the same place at the same time. So is it andate?\" he persisted. Shensmiled faintly and nodded. \"Very well.\" Robertnswung around and called to Michael, \"It's a date, Bud! We'llnpick Dr. Howard up in the morning for pancakes!\" Michaelnpumped his little fist in the air and cheered. Then he said, \"CannAuntie Jaclyn come too?\" \"Sure!\"nRobert beamed. \"The more the merrier!\" Catherinencertainly hoped so. But Jaclyn didn't look too terribly happynabout it. Well, Catherine couldn't help that. After all, it WASnher life and Robert's, not Jaclyn's. Still, Catherine wishednthings were different. Thenvisit in Lori's hospital room went better than Catherine hadnexpected, although Lori did seem a little surprised to see thatnCatherine was still in the picture and obviously had been around allnday. Lori, however, had also seen the two of them at Thanksgiving,nand she still remembered the look on her father's face when she hadnturned around after they had dropped Catherine off and asked aboutnthe night before, then said that she thought Catherine was beautiful.n She also remembered how he had pretended that he hadn't noticed anthing. At the time, Lori had accepted his words at face value ...nafter all, her mother was still alive. Naturally her father wouldn'tnthink of another woman ... although after her disillusionment withnJeff, she should have wondered. Her mother's death had drivennCatherine from Lori's mind. Yesterday, however, hearing theninsistence and hope in Robert's voice when he had demanded thatnCatherine be called to the hospital to attend to Lori, and especiallynthis morning seeing them together, Lori realized that there wasndefinitely attraction between the two. She still wasn't sure hownshe felt about her father being in another relationship so soon afternher mother's death, but there was no denying that it was more thanna vague possibility. WhennRobert announced that he would take Michael and Jaclyn home at thensame time as he took Catherine home, Lori grabbed Jaclyn's hand andnasked, \"Stay for a bit? We need to talk. Jeff can take you homenafter ... is that all right with you, Dad?\" Robertnshrugged. \"Sure, honey, if that's what you want. See you later,nbaby,\" and he kissed Jaclyn on the cheek. Then he bent over Lorinand kissed her, too. Lori's arms went around his neck, and shenwhispered, \"Be happy, Dad. We love you.\" Hisneyes suspiciously damp, Robert straightened up. Gruffly he said,n\"Take care of her!\" to Jeff, with a hint of warning in his voice,nthen he took Michael's hand, and put his other hand on Catherine'snback as he ushered her out the door. Ono O o O o AsnRobert drew up to her place, Catherine studied the home she and Tomnhad lived in. They had been happy here, even without the childrennthey had once planned to fill the five bedrooms. Now it just lookednbig, unwieldy and lonely, especially after the coziness of Robert'sncabin. She almost begged Robert to take her back there tonightninstead of leaving her alone here, but Michael was sitting betweennthem and Catherine didn't have the nerve. Yet she knew beyond thenshadow of a doubt, especially after this morning in Robert's arms,nthat she did not want to spend the rest of her life alone in thatnlarge house. Tomnhad been her first true love, and there was no way he would ever benreplaced in her heart, as what they had shared had been special andnrare. But, as Marina had often pointed out, Catherine hadn't diednwith Tom. She was the one who had to go on living and there wasnnothing wrong with finding friendship, compatibility or even lovenwith another man. It wouldn't be the same love, but it would benevery bit as special and rare. Feeling her heart race at the thoughtnof loving Robert, Catherine knew that was true. Robert was by nonmeans perfect, but he was definitely special. Theynkissed at the door ... then reluctantly, aware of Michael's curiousngaze from the Suburban, Robert drew away. Her lips were wet andnswollen from his kisses. There was something damned seductive aboutnseeing Catherine aroused because of him. There was nothing he wantednmore than to take her now, to bury himself in her heat, to forgetneverything except the two of them, together. \"Wasnthat supposed to prove something?\" she asked, huskily. \"Onlynthat we both want each other.\" \"Didnyou really doubt it, after this morning?\" Hengrinned. \"See you in the morning. We'll be by to pick you upnfor our breakfast date at 7:30 in the morning, then I'll take younto the hospital and pick you up after work.\" Without waiting for anresponse, he gently pushed her into the door he had opened for her,nturning on the entryway light and touching her lips gently with hisnfingers in farewell. Catherinenwas exhausted from all the emotions she had experienced that day. nShe waved to him as he backed away from the house and saw Michael'snfrantic waving from the passenger side of the Suburban. Closing thendoor, Catherine sagged against it, her fingers on her lips which werenstill warm from Robert's kisses. She shut her eyes tightly for anmoment, reliving the wondrous moments in Robert's arms, a sense ofnpeacefulness enveloping her. She hadn't felt this way since beforenTom's illness. \"Arenyou watching me, Tom?\" she whispered at last. \"Do younunderstand?\" Did Tom know that she would always love him, evennthough she no longer wanted to deny herself Robert's love andncompanionship? \"You understand how lonely I've been without you?n I'm not replacing you, because you're not here to be replaced. nPlease don't think me a silly old fool, but I don't want to gonthrough the rest of my life alone! Robert shouldn't be aloneneither. Oh, I know he has Lori and Jaclyn and ... and Michael ...nbut he needs someone who thinks HE is special! Tom, do you andnMaryBeth BOTH understand why we are feeling torn between the past andnthe future we hadn't thought possible? I hope so.\" She was surenthat Tom would want her to move on and to be happy, and rathernthought that Robert's MaryBeth would feel the same way. Gettingna box from the basement, Catherine went through the house, antightness in her throat, packing up the last of Tom's things andnall the pictures of the two of them that were still scattered around.n The last thing she started to put away was their large weddingnpicture. Then she sat down, staring at the framed photo in her hand,nher other hand clasping the necklace Tom had given her and Robert hadnfound for her. Tom smiled out of the picture, his expression full ofnhumour and his love for her. She gently traced his smile with antrembling finger. \"I love you, Tom. I always will. You were sonvery, very good to me.\" Tomnwas Tom, and would always be her first love. Robert was Robert ...nand she loved him more than she had ever thought it in her to lovenagain. Tom had nothing to do with Robert, but there was room in hernheart for more than one man. She would certainly never forget Tomn... over twenty-five years of marital bliss was a memory not easilynturned away. Now, however, she had Robert ... and the future of anlove every bit as powerful as what she had found with Tom. \"There'snroom in my heart for both of you, Tom. The love Robert and I sharenis stronger than either of us could ever have hoped for after loving,nsuffering, losing and being left to rebuild a shattered life. Wenhave the chance to be whole again.\" She swallowed as she moved thenframe slightly and the glint of light made it look as though Tom wasnwinking at her. \"You understand, don't you?\" Catherine kissednthe photograph, then carefully tucked it away inside the box. Asna final gesture, Catherine twisted the gold wedding ring off hernfinger, and sat holding it as more memories flooded over her. Tomnhad never gotten her an engagement ring ... she had never missed one.n But this ring had not been off her hand for more than an hour sincenhe had slid it into place with a kiss. Tears came then, unbidden,nunwelcome, unavoidable. \"Tom, Tom ...\" she moaned, the ring heldntightly in her fist, \"I missed you so much, Tom, and never thoughtnI would feel like continuing living ... but then I met Robert ...nYou'd like him, I think ... I didn't, at first, but somehow ... Inhadn't thought I'd fall in love again. I vowed to love you untilndeath parted us ... and I did. I do still. But death is strongernthan I am ... and so is love. I have to hope, Tom. I don't wantnto be alone again.\" Slowlynshe reached out and picked up one of Tom's linen handkerchiefs. nCarefully she wrapped the ring in it, then placed the ring in thenbox. Taping the box shut, her hands were shaking, but the closurenmade everything all right. When she finally got to bed, Catherinenfell asleep instantly, and woke up to her alarm feeling like a newnwoman ... one with a brighter future. Ono O o O o To Be Continued[Chapter 4] Catherine'snfuture had never seemed brighter, especially after her breakfast ofnchocolate chip pancakes with Robert, Jaclyn and Michael at Murray's.n Jaclyn had been surprisingly amiable ... so much so that Catherinenhad invited her to call her by her first name. Catherine had thennalmost floated in to work, and had spent the day remembering Robert'snkisses the day before and wondering why he hadn't kissed her oncenthat morning. Of course, Jaclyn and Michael had never left themnalone to give them the chance to embrace, but still ... \"Catherine?n CATHERINE!\" Catherinenstarted, realizing that William had been calling her name for somentime. \"I'm sorry, William. I suppose I was daydreaming ...\" \"There'snsomething different about you, Catherine. It's that Wood man,nisn't it?\" \"Whatndo you mean?\" asked Catherine, suddenly feeling defensive. \"Oh,nI don't mean anything other than asking a question. But you'vendone your hair differently ... and we missed you yesterday ... younwere with him, weren't you? He was the one who insisted you comenin Christmas Eve to deliver his grandchild.\" \"Yes.\" \"Younspent Christmas ALONE with him?\" \"Nonneed to sound appalled, William,\" Catherine said, dryly. \"Hisndaughter, son-in-law and grandson were with us, too. And he returnednme to my house, chaperoned by Michael. You really do NOT need tonworry about me, you know.\" \"Injust feel responsible ...\" Catherinenfelt an unreasonable loathing of the word responsible. No wondernRobert hated her talking about her responsibilities and duties! Itnwas not pleasant being considered merely a duty or a responsibility! n\"You aren't.\" She tried to speak gently. \"I'm a big girlnnow, William.\" \"Andna beautiful one ...\" \"It'sna good thing I know you're devoted to Marina,\" Catherine saidnlightly. \"Thank you for caring, William, but I'M FINE.\" \"Ifnyou say so ...\" He still sounded doubtful. \"Insay so.\" Catherine was firm. Robertnwas there to meet her after work, and he took her to his house wherenLori had been ensconced with baby MaryBeth, Jeff was hovering andnJaclyn and Michael were playing Power Rangers. They had supper andntalked as they ate. Catherine thoroughly enjoyed herself, findingnherself much more at ease than she had anticipated. At one point,nthe talk centred on music, and Jaclyn turned to Catherine and askednif SHE listened to music, and if so, what type. Catherinensmiled as she explained her preference for instrumental classicalnmusic, but also recounted the story of the first ride she had givennRobert and how he had interrupted her brilliant treatise with a tersen'I just like how she sounds'. The others laughed, and Robertnloudly defended his right to say what he thought. \"Wenknow, Dad!\" Lori patted his hand. \"And now we know why younbought that new classical CD!\" \"Andnwhy I have a Sarah Vaughn CD in MY possession now,\" Catherinenconfessed with a laugh. She then turned to Jaclyn, saying, \"Inunderstand you're an artist like your mother. You know, mynfavourite quote is one your mother also loved, your father told me. nYou know, 'Feed the body food and drink, it will survive today.nFeed the soul art and music, it will live forever.' I am not verynexperienced when it comes to art, but I DO love music!\" \"SincenI can't do art OR music, although Mom did teach me to cook, I guessnI'm just the one to help people survive on a day-to-day basis,\"nLori said mournfully as she struggled to her feet when MaryBeth beganncrying in the other room. \"I'llnget her,\" Jaclyn said quickly, and she ran out. Lorinsubsided with a grin. \"I just LOVE being pampered!\" Havingnlost the coin toss Robert had insisted upon, the three women werensoon in the kitchen doing the dishes while the men and Michael tendednto MaryBeth. Lori took advantage of the relative privacy to say tonCatherine, \"It's all right, Catherine. Jaclyn and I talked lastnnight. We both agree that you're good for Dad, and we hope younwon't hold our reticence against us.\" \"Yes,\"nJaclyn said quietly, \"It IS your life and Dad's, not ours.\" \"Yes,nit is ... but our lives are intertwined with yours. I don't wantnto come between you. I'm not trying to replace your mother. Thatnis the LAST thing I want to do! Lori, Jaclyn ... when I married Tom,nI meant it to be forever. I never thought of another man while henwas alive. I doubt your father thought of another woman while yournmother was alive. But from what I understand, your mother died anwhile ago. Oh, her body was here until Thanksgiving ... but SHE wasngone. That night I offered your father a ride, it was because Inrecognized the look on his face. I KNEW he had to get away fromnShelby Manor. I had felt that way so many times with Tom. Therencomes a point when it is impossible to spend one more moment watchingnthe suffering of the mate you love more than anything in the world. nAnd with the blizzard, and the taxis unable to come ... well, Incouldn't leave him there. As you know, we were stranded for thennight at the cabin. He probably told you about it, but I want tontell you again. We ate supper, we played scrabble, we talked, wenfinally fell asleep. All that evening and far into the night, we didnnot touch except ONCE to shake hands. When I woke up in the morning,nhe had already gone to see about getting the car out of the snowbank.n We had a short talk when he got back, then you and Jeff arrived,nLori. It was all completely innocent ... yet it changed my life andnyour father's. Our time together showed me that life WAS stillnworth living. Showed both of us, I think. There are alwaysnstrangers yet to be met who will become good friends. The ideal ofnmarried life is 'love until death do us part'. Tragically, bothnyour father and I were parted from our mates. But we were true tonour vows always. And I know that I still love Tom and cherish hisnmemory as much as your father loves your mother and cherishes HERnmemory. It's just ...\" Catherine stopped. Both Jaclyn and Lorinhad tears running down their cheeks, and Catherine's own eyes werenwet. \"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to preach ...\" \"Donyou love Dad now?\" Jaclyn whispered. \"Inthink I do,\" Catherine said softly, unsure how much she shouldnreveal to them. Then her voice firmed up a bit. \"I KNOW I do.\" \"Inthought so. And he loves you, too. It's obvious in his voice andnhis face, isn't it, Jac?\" Lori asked. Jaclynnnodded, unable to say anything. \"Inhope so. I do hope so,\" Catherine murmured fervently. \"Inhope you'll forgive us ...\" Lori began, but Catherine interruptednher. \"Inhope you'll forgive ME ... and try to accept me for who I am.\" Theynall might have dissolved in a puddle of tears if Jeff and Robert hadnnot invaded the kitchen with a baby demanding a feeding and Robertnwith an invitation to drive Catherine home if she was ready. Sayingngoodbye to the sisters, Catherine whispered a 'thank you' intontheir ears as she hugged them. She shook Jeff's hand, eying thenspectacular bruise on his jaw and trying not to grin as she idlynwondered what he had told Lori about it. Michael hugged her tightlynand asked if she would go for pancakes with them sometime again SOON. \"I'dnlove to, Michael,\" she responded. \"They were delicious.\" Vaguelyndisappointed that Robert hadn't even tried to kiss her once thatnevening, OR that he hadn't seemed to see that she had taken off hernwedding ring, she put on her coat and waited for him. Oncenin the Suburban, however, she noticed immediately that he was goingnthe wrong way. \"Robert! I thought you were taking me home!\" \"Inam.\" \"Mustnbe the scenic route then. Something more to show me?\" \"No.n I just thought we needed to talk, and there were too many people innthat house.\" Shensmiled. \"'That house' is your home, and 'those people' arenyour family, Robert. They love you very much.\" \"Andnthey will love you, too, Catherine, because I'm not giving you upn... not even for them.\" Henturned onto another road, and her eyes widened. \"We're going tonthe cabin?\" \"Yup.n It's special.\" \"You'renright. It is. Robert ... Jaclyn and Lori told me tonight that theynwere willing to ... accept me because, and I quote, 'I'm good fornyou.'\" \"They'renright. You're damn good for me! MaryBeth and I didn't raisenfools. I'll bet you a thousand dollars that they know exactlynwhere we're headed and what is going to happen.\" He reached intonhis pocket and withdrew a dollar bill which he waved in herndirection. \"Anthousand dollars?\" Catherine shook her head, smiling. \"That'snonly one dollar, Robert!\" \"It'snjust a metaphor!\" He reached over, took her hand and kissed it. nSuddenly the temperature in the vehicle shot up and the air all butnvanished. Catherine marvelled that the simple action could affectnher so much. Asnthey neared the cabin, Catherine suddenly saw the outline of thentractor they had used on Thanksgiving. \"Robert! There's thentractor! Is the farm near?\" \"No.n It burned down, just as I said. All that's left is that tractor.\" Shenstared at him, and he continued to look straight ahead ... but a grinnspread over his face. Catherine laughed. Henslowed down and negotiated very carefully around the ice which hadncatapulted them into the ditch the previous morning. \"I don'tnknow how much snow accumulated on the lane today in the various snownsqualls we had,\" he announced, \"so I'm leaving the Suburban upnhere and we can walk down the lane.\" \"Fine,\"nshe murmured. \"It'llnjust take a short while to heat up, and I left a fire ready to put anmatch to it the minute we get in. \"Good.n It's very cold.\" Catherine shivered a bit, but it wasn't fromnthe cold. Robert's eyes had met hers for a brief moment, and shenwas burning up from that heated glance. Ono O o O o Robertnhelped her out of the Suburban after parking, then swept her up innhis arms and began to stride down the lane. \"I told you beforenyou needed picking up, Catherine, and this way I can keep hold of younand you won't vanish!\" \"Robert,nput me down before you hurt yourself!\" she struggled to get out ofnhis arms. \"I'm too big for you to carry and I can walk perfectlynwell!\" Rathernthan releasing her, he hitched her higher up on his chest. \"You'dnbetter stop fighting me,\" he warned her. \"You're bangingnagainst a very sensitive and highly aroused part of my body, and I amnbound and determined to carry you right to a bed tonight!\" \"Upnthe ladder?\" She clung to his neck now, and chuckled at thenthought. \"Godnforbid.\" \"Robert,nwhat if you slip?\" Catherine began to wriggle again. Hengave her a quick squeeze. \"Stop wriggling or I'm going to dropnyou. You're not heavy, but a full-grown woman weighs a lot morenthan a couple of bags of groceries and I'm finding that I'mnpathetically out of shape.\" He was starting to breathe hard. \"Please,nRobert, put ...\" \"No.n I'm sweeping you off your feet, Catherine, so let me sweep.\" Catherinenwrapped her arms more tightly around his neck. \"If you drop me,nwe'll probably both break something and I will never forgive you,\"nshe warned him laughingly. \"Ohnye of little faith!\" With a last burst of energy, he got to thendoor and leaned against it, his breathing sounding like he had justnrun a marathon. \"O ... open the door,\" he gasped. \"Andnif I don't?\" she asked pertly. She saw the flare of hungerndarkening his eyes, and wanted to drown in the darkness. \"Wenmight shock any woodland animal chancing to pass by, because I plannto ravish you tonight, and if you won't open the door, it'll benhappening right here.\" Takingnin a quick, deep breath of her own, Catherine reached around him andnopened the door, and they almost went tumbling into the entryway. nRobert's quick stepping saved them. \"Warn a guy next time,\" hengroaned. Shenopened the next door for him, too, and after stepping in, he lowerednher to her feet before bracing his hands on his knees, sucking thenmuch-needed oxygen into his lungs. \"I can't do it, Catherine. nNot all the way to the bed!\" he gasped. Catherinenhurried to the kitchen and filled a glass of water which she handednto him. \"Here. Drink this.\" She no longer looked angry, butnrather concerned for his health. \"Yes,nDoctor,\" he said, and gulped the water down in four huge swallows,nhanding the empty glass back to her. \"So much for impressing younwith my physical prowess. I was trying to make a good impression. Inguess giving you the impression that you weigh too much isn't it,nright?\" His hand reached out and gently brushed down her cheek. n\"You're beautiful ...\" Catherinengrinned. \"So, Robert ... is this the part where you ravish me?\" nShe felt as if she had been waiting forever. Had it really only beenntwo nights ago that she had sobbed in the parking lot of ShelbynManor? Robertnclosed and locked the door behind them. \"You're sure you WANT tonbe ravished?\" His own grin was wicked, but she could see faintnhesitation behind the cocky façade. Shendropped her coat to the floor and tugged off her hat. \"More thannanything,\" she declared boldly. One good thing about growing oldernwas that it became easier to express your feelings without worryingnabout what others might think. When she had been dating Tom, shennever would have dreamt of telling him she wanted to make love withnhim. Now, however, times were different, and SHE was different! Shenwas ready to grab her happiness with both hands. Robert'sncoat landed on top of hers, then he pulled her back into his arms. nHe felt her mouth tremble as his lips brushed hers once, then settlednfirmly. Heat, passion and desire exploded between them. Fiery andnintense, they burned out of control. Catherine wrapped her armsnaround him and melted into the flames consuming them both. This wasnwhere she belonged ... in Robert's arms. Yesterday's kisses shenhad remembered so vividly all day were tame to what she was feelingnright now! Hernlips slid to his ear. \"How are you at fires?\" \"Fires?\"n Robert sounded distracted as he smoothed over her back withntrembling hands. \"Arenyou as good at putting them out as you are at starting them?\" Thengentle rocking of her hips against his left him in no doubt as tonwhich fire she was talking about. \"Inhaven't even begun to build this fire yet!\" he growled, and henhauled her closer still to him. Catherine'snheart was slamming against her ribs and her breathing was shaky andnrapid. If she got any hotter, she would spontaneously combust. \"Marrynme, Catherine?\" Distractednby his lips and his hands, Catherine moaned his name as a plea. n\"Robert ...\" Her fingers tightened on his shoulders. \"Soon,nCatherine.\" His own voice was strained. \"We have to take it slownand easy!\" he added. \"After all, it has been a while for both ofnus ...\" Notnwanting slow or particularly easy the first time they made love,nCatherine wanted Robert as hungry for her as she was for him. Did henreally think they should go slow and easy? She would never surviventhat! \"Robert?\" \"Hmm?\"n He nuzzled her neck and his hot breath made her shiver. Immediatelynhe drew her closer again. Catherinenhad wanted to say something profound, something special about thisnnot being just about two lonely people finding release in eachnother's arms but rather that they make love together for the firstntime. The words to express that, however, stuck in her throat. Whatnif release WAS all he needed from her, as Jeff had implied yesterday?n She didn't want to believe it, but the thought was insistent, sonshe shakily tried to make light of what meant so very much to her. n\"Robert, do you have something against a bed?\" \"Yeah.n It's too far away. All the way up the damn ladder. And if younthink I'm gonna climb that ladder tonight ... or any other night,nfor that matter ...\" Catherinenchuckled. \"We don't even have the fire lit.\" She was actuallynamazed at herself for continuing to stand at the door of the cabin innRobert's arms. \"Oh,nwe lit a fire all right.\" Robert shifted his weight and pulled herncloser, leaving her in no doubt as to which fire he meant. \"Arenyou cold?\" \"Surprisingly,nnot in the least. Not yet. But I WOULD like to sit down.\" \"Younnever answered my question, Catherine.\" Robert's fingers werendrawing circles on her back. \"Whatnquestion was that?\" she asked innocently, suddenly knowing fullnwell what he meant and thrilling to it. It was no wonder she hadnforgotten with the maelstrom of sensations he was causing to washnover her! \"Younknow damn well what question it was!\" Robert growled. His handsnswept up her back then down and he cupped her bottom and lifted hernonce more. Catherinensquealed and wrapped her legs around him, hanging on to his neck withntrembling arms as he stalked over to the couch where he deposited hernwith a grunt. Puttingna match to the wood already set, he made sure the flame was catching,nthen turned back to find her openly admiring him. With a huskynchuckle, he fumbled in the pocket of his jacket before drawingnsomething out. Carefully kneeling in front of her, he took her leftnhand, then stared at the ringless finger wordlessly for a long momentnbefore looking up at her, tears in his eyes. Swallowingnback her own tears, Catherine bent forward and kissed him softly andnmeaningfully. \"I love you now, Robert. Yes, I loved Tom, but henis gone. It's time to move forward into the future.\" \"Anfuture with me, I hope.\" He kissed her back when she noddednwordlessly, then said, \"I took my wedding ring off last night, too.n I said my goodbyes to MaryBeth.\" He swallowed. \"I didn'tnthink of it in the same words ... but you're right. I'll alwaysnlove her and will never forget her, but I'm ready to be with you. nMORE than ready to be with you, and to share your life for the restnof mine.\" He slid a sapphire ring onto her finger. \"I thoughtnit would match your eyes,\" he said gruffly. \"I noticed youndidn't have an engagement ring, and if you'd rather not have onenthis time ... I called in a favour and made a pal who owns anjewellery store open up today so I could buy it for you. I had tonguess the size ... and I must say, I'm impressed with my ... Whatnam I saying? This is a marriage proposal, not the news section ofnthe paper! Catherine, in spite of my family, who, as you noticed,nare coming around to accepting you as part of our family ... whonobviously like you already ... Damn, I'm messing this up. Inhaven't done anything like this for a long, long, long time! Sonhere it is straight. You WILL marry me, won't you, Catherine? nAfter all, I DO plan to compromise you tonight ...\" \"OhnRobert,\" she breathed, torn between laughter and tears, betweennlooking at him and at the beautiful token of love he had given her. n\"You really have to ask? After what just happened?\" \"Inneed the words, Catherine. You might have just been checking to makensure our equipment was still working,\" he grinned brazenly. \"I'dnsay there's not much doubt ...\" She choked back her laughter andnallowed him to push her back on the couch and stretch out over her. n\"Robert? Yes, I would be proud and happy to be your wife ... andnwhat is this ... another check?\" \"Alwaysndo test runs ...\" he muttered against her lips. \"After all,ngotta make sure the fire is still burning in the old furnace ...\" \"Wencan always light a thousand candles ... if the fire dies down ...\"nHer words died away as their bodies melded once more. Thenfire in the fireplace was out and cold long before the fire ofnpassion Catherine and Robert lit between them even began to wane. THEnEND ","Summary":" Title:n One Special Christmas Rating:nT Summary:nYet another possible sequel to the movie One Speci"},{"Movie":"Country Strong","Title":"Love Don't Let Me Down","Author":"marthasville","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6933235","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own any part of a great movie called Country Strong nor would I like to make any money from it. I have always been intrigued with life in the south and have been a fan of country music for a while now, which can be surprising living in a remote tropical island, but it's a common love amongst us islanders. And of course the stars of the show just take the movie beyond imagination. And for that, I must pen mine in electronic format. I Love Gwyneth Paltrow, not only for the fact that she is an Oscar-winner, but mainly for her ability to revive songs and make them sound so cool again, and Tim McGraw who is just the epitome of a sexy, sexy man, who can act quite decently. I love watching him play something other than a strutting macho cowboy all clad in black. Yes there is something about that Stetson hat of his. I've also become a recent fan of Garrett Hedlund in Tron. I also thought Leighton looked a lot like a young Juliane Moore. Just to give you a clue about my plans for this story. I named it after the original title, which I learned from Leighton's interview with Rachel Ray. I'm glad they changed the title, though to Country Strong. I'll be using the titles of the songs in the 2 nd soundtrack in homage to the actors who did an excellent job in singing their songs. The titles are the themes to the story line. Hope you enjoy! Chapter 1 Silver Wings She was on again, rapidly climbing up the charts with her song. He heard it a dozen times, every time he tuned in on L.A. 's very own country radio station. It had felt like a year since they last had been together, but that was his heart translating the days for him. In fact, it had only been one day since she left for her tour, and it always felt like this for him, every time this beautiful songbird would awaken in the middle of the night to spread her wings, and fly to the heights of stardom. As often as he left the cage open, his songbird never missed flying back to him every chance she got, until one day…. Beau had just finished his last set with more soul and depth in his voice than the regular crowd had ever heard. Just becoming aware of the crowd's approval, he found himself snapping out of his reverie and just noticed he was eyelocked the whole time with his dearest fan, Chiles Stanton. Most of the people in the crowd were still very much in the loop with Country Music Fair even all the way in L.A. and knew exactly who were the up and coming acts in Nashville. Chiles' popularity soared after the death of Kelly Canter. The album that she had previously worked on with James had the song Kelly used on her last concert \"Coming Home\". Everyone knew that Chiles had the great privilege to work with her idol, Kelly, and in the public's eye, both women had formed a close bond with each other. James spun the story to the media, and the fans chewed it up by buying her debut album in the millions. They sat together at the bar, and Beau attempted to order for her, \"two beers, please.\" \"Actually one would be fine, and a bottle of water for me, thank you, \" Chiles revised. The look on Beau's face compelled her to come up with an explanation. \"Oh Beau. Don't look at me like that.\" She blushed, and sighed before continuing, \"I just don't want to end up dependent on it ever, after what I saw with Kelly. You know what I mean.\" They both looked down, knowing the mention of her name had stirred powerful bittersweet memories. \"How's James these days?\" Beau asked before taking a big gulp of his cold beer. It helped wash away some of the painful memories of Kelly from his mind. It was swirling with a bunch of emotions that Chiles seemed to bring out of him. Chiles had started out with a withdrawn tone then suddenly spat out her opinion. \"He's busy, promoting. People would say that was his way of coping with Kelly's death. In my viewpoint, he is just replacing her this time with an overly ambitious blonde ditz.\" \"Whoa! Chiles, you're not telling me you're going blonde?\" Beau slid from his chair to give her a little venting space, and to put in frame shot an image of her as a blonde for a second. \"No! You silly! He picked up another girl, and he gave her my songs, all because I wouldn't …\" She nodded her head, looking away from him. \"Because what?\" Beau asked, taking that last needed chug of beer. He had a gut feeling of what she might say, might as well, fill it up with something a little more agreeable. \"I didn't want to go to bed with him.\" She answered, and then whispered, \"anymore.\" \"Shot of Jack, straight! Over here!\" Beau called out to the bartender. \"Beau. I have t tell you..\" She began but he held up his hand to silence her. As soon as he got the shot he drank it, and let the liquor flow through his veins which somehow gave him the courage to look back at her. She reached out for his arm to keep him from moving away, and drew her honest eyes close to his. \"I couldn't get you out of my mind. I thought I was one of those who would do whatever it takes to get to the top, but I'm not. I thought I could put you behind me. But I can't Beau. All it took was one time, and I knew. No one should be touching me, but you.\" \"So what does this mean? You just came back to get your fill? Is that it?\" Beau asked, feeling the liquor talking. She laughed, and he followed suit, but was still unsure about what to make of her revelation. \"No! Beau, I'm done with him. James has put me on hold until after he's done promoting or if I come up with some songs. So I told him. I'm done, and I'm going to join you.\" Beau sat back on his stool and leaned in closer and asked her, \"How'd he feel about that?\" This time she stood to close the gap between them, \"He said Beau who? I said it's Hutton. That's who, and he's the real deal. Even Kelly knew that.\" They both laughed. Beau teased, \"That definitely didn't come from your pageant training, did it?\" \"Naw. I picked it up from touring with a bunch of guys, especially from one pretty sarcastic fella.\" He took her in his arms and gave her a big warm hug. As much as he wanted to kiss her, he needed to figure out if her intentions were genuine even to herself. Chiles woke up in an unfamiliar environment. The room was dark, but she could make out the sunlight outlining the curtains across from the bed she lay in. Please review and tell me what you think so far…..[Chapter 2] Thanks for the reviews. Keep'em coming. There are little shout outs to the stars in this story. Tim McGraw and Faith Hill- McGrawHill Records Malibu Mistresses TV Show- Gossip Girl Layla Clapton- Leighton Meester character in Country Strong Chapter 2 A Little Bit Stronger \"Morning!\" he greeted her. She took a quick mental scan of herself. She was still in the clothes she wore the night before, but she couldn't recall ever walking into his apartment. She was sure all she had was water last night. \"Why didn't you wake me, Beau?\" \"Oh, I tried! You were as dead as a log before I reached the first mile with my truck. I wish I could call in sick, but I can't today. We got a patient who is in major withdrawal right now. I want to make sure he pulls through okay. I'm going to tell him about you, and maybe he'll have the doctors let me home early. \" Beau did return a little after lunch, and he almost believed he stepped into the wrong apartment as it was brightly lit with all the curtains drawn, and clothes cleared from the furniture and floor. \"Beau Hutton! You are a messy man. When's the last time anyone's seen your place?\" she asked, bringing in a basket of freshly laundered clothes. \"I usually knock the girls unconscious with the wrench I hide underneath the seat of my truck, then carry them to my bed, and have them wake up the next morning with their clothes still on. That's how they never notice the mess. I guess songwriting isn't my only secret talent. \" \"I knew you were quite the ladies man,\" Chiles replied from inside the bedroom and added as she reappeared, \"after all, I know of your reputation, first hand.\" \"Is that lunch? You didn't have to.\" He quickly sat himself down and began to munch on the sandwich she actually prepared for herself. She sat across him and just eyed him. \"Look, Chiles. You know what you saw. Your friend was sweet but she was the jealous type. It was just casual between the two of us, and next thing you know she can't stand that I have fans- the female kind. You were there and saw why the cops had to arrest her!\" They both laughed again. They were both so amazed at how they couldn't stay mad at each other. Then Chiles recalled, \"I can remember wondering to myse how could Chelsea ever fall head over heels for a jerk like you. You were swooning all those lovestruck women out in the crowd, with your deep, sexy voice, letting your searching, innocent-looking blue eyes rove about.\" She stood up to get his empty plate and continued, \"except I always saw right through you. \" In an instant he met her face to face as she turned from the fridge about to make another sandwich. \"What did you see, hmm?\" he asked practically breathing into her mouth. She was taken aback, yet she instinctively reached for his lips. He gently held her head in place and asked again, \"Tell me. What did you see?\" Her eyes searched his eyes and displayed the hunger for his kiss, \"you were always searching the crowd, but not last night.\" He abruptly kissed her the way he did the first time, and Chiles found herself swept up in a swirling cloud of passion and harmony, and sensations of rhythmic whispers . She lay, wrapped in his arms, against his warm chest unable to recall anything before this afternoon. With her eyes still closed, she lazily asked, \"So, your patient's okay?\" \"Yup. I told him to hang on and give me a few hours so I can meet this famous country star.\" \"What? Beau, did you promise him my autograph?\" Beau chuckled, \"Let's just say, if you knew who he was, you'd be the one asking for it.\" \"Come on Beau, tell me who he is! Come on!\" Chiles gave in. She knew Beau well enough. His honor was as good as gold. \"You think that job is your calling? I think you're awfully good at it, helping people. You really can read them.\" \"They don't take advice from orderlies. We're just a sounding board. The best cure sometimes is just to have someone listen to what you're saying.\" There was silence for a long while, until he asked her, \"What are you thinking about?\" \"When I had some free time back in Nashville, I signed up for a course on-line. I got really into it, when my gigs were getting cut short because of the new talent. I wanted to understand business, especially how James was running our business. And I learned why he took Kelly out of re-hab.\" \"Why?\" Beau asked, and felt his heart start to race. He knew that's what did Kelly in, and it still bothered him to this day that he didn't do enough about it. \"She was what the record company called a liability. Cancelled recording sessions, shopping sprees, huge bar tabs, it was piling up. Her contract with the record company was up at the end of the year, and they were leaning on not re-signing her. That's why James was looking for new acts. He couldn't settle for a normal life with Kelly.\" Beau responded, \"I think you're on the right track with that. In the end, she didn't know how to go about getting to live a normal life. Like she lost touch of something, and sold her soul to a cruel world that just kept on using her.\" It all came back to him, recalling in his mind that one night when he walked in on Kelly with that sleazy man in the bus. He was disappointed in her, but he knew how drugs allowed a person to act with such disregard towards those who love them and worst of all even to themselves. He gave a quick thought about his home and flinched at the image of his mother. \"I don't want to ever go back to my old life. I don't want to rely only on my looks to get by. I'm still determined to be successful, and that's why I'm going to finish school,\" Chiles responded with rising enthusiasm, which she found to be contagious. Beau realized, \"You know, babe. Just the other day Tommy, I mean, the patient, encouraged me to work on becoming a counselor there at the center. He said I had this special quality about me—the kind that can't be trained, but born with. \" \"You'd be awesome at it!\" She exclaimed. Then they both looked at each other, knowing they were both sharing the same thoughts about having to make the same sacrifice—the very thing that brought them together—their first passion. \"What about your song-writing Beau? And your gigs?\" she asked him as he stared straight at the ceiling. He looked into her eyes and that's when he knew—he found a new purpose in life. \"It will always be there, whenever I find a pen and paper. But my greatest desire right now is to give you the nice things you deserve, because you're such an awesome beauty, inside and out. I'm perfectly willing and able to give you a life better than any beauty queen out there. There is this magic when we're together. I can't explain it, but I can feel it, and I get a little bit stronger each minute I keep thinking about our future together.\" \"Aww. That's the sweetest thing I ever heard.\" She melted in his arms. \"You'd really do that for me?\" \"I'd do anything for the woman I love,\" he whispered and gave her a deep passionate kiss. She teased as she eased away from him, \"You're not just saying these things just so you can have you're way with me, are you now?\" \"Absolutely, not. I think it's your turn to have your way with me. I can't promise I won't put up a fight.\" As they wrestled under the sheets, Chiles phone vibrated but she continued to ignore it, until it crashed on the floor. Beau grabbed it for her and she read that she had missed 2 phone calls. As she conversed with her new celebrity acquaintance, Beau continued to nibble on her neck. \"No! I didn't forget. Of course I'll be there. Now what time? And place? And when? I'm just kidding, but can you repeat it so I can put it in my phone? \" Something she found as a surprising convenience were the text reminders by her publicist, and with nothing sent to her that marked the moment she felt she had truly left the music industry. After she hung up she coyly asked Beau, \"Would you like to be my date tomorrow night? It's a charity event for my new TV star friend whose actively trying to save the manatees?\" \"Save a man a what?\" Beau teased. He rose off the bed to get ready to head back to work. From his closet he asked about her newfound friend. \"Her name is Layla Clapton. She stars on this show called Malibu Mistresses. It's so popular, they have her doing movies. And that's how I met her in Nashville. She's portraying this country singer, and I was asked to be part of her acting research.\" He came back after a few minutes and modeled for Chiles, what he scrounged from his closet his take on formal wear—a Hawaiian print button down shirt, with a black tie. \"How's this for a black tie event?\" She didn't respond, and just kept staring at her phone. \"What's wrong?\" he asked. \"That was McgrawHill Records. They heard about me leaving James, and they want to sign me up with them.\"[Chapter 3] Emale 3 A Fighter Beau couldn't stop scratching the back of his neck and decided that to tear the designer tag off his grey mercerized cotton dress shirt would resolve at least one minor problem he was facing. The major one had been looming like a cloud around the apartment the past two days. He did not want to bring it up again, but her response had been completely and increasingly unsatisfactory as the silence pressed on. He thought if she had only said \"not interested\" then life would go back to its simple cycle, where man loved woman and woman loved man and everything would work out fine. It annoyed him to find himself caught up in the antithesis of country song anthems. The happily ever after thoughts did not mix well in his bluegrass blood. What her response to the McGrawHill reps was, \"I'd think about it.\" And before he could attempt to discuss it, she repeated it to him, \"I'd think about it later, Beau. I just want to have some fun for once. It could wait a day or two for the negotiating and explaining! \" The itch on his neck manifested itself in more ways than one, and it couldn't be ignored any longer in the most inconvenient time. \"Beau will you stop scratching! You're making marks on yourself,\" She said while anxiously looking out the window of a black Ford Explorer transporting them to the Hollywood Charity event. \"Why? You scared they'll see us as the red necks we really are?\" he replied, loosening his tie in hopes of lessening the irritation around his neck, even though he knew the irritation was more mental. She glared at him. \"Are you going to act like one and be difficult?\" She was extremely nervous. Since news had already broken out about her splitting with her manager James, she felt vulnerable with no publicist to help guide or explain her actions. \"I'm finding nothing is easy at all when it comes to relationships, especially when we've made some important decisions, and it can change in a heartbeat,\" he explained. Her face softened, and fear set in. \"What has changed Beau? You have a change of heart about us? \" She moved closer and searched in his eyes while feeling the smooth contours of his clean-shaven face, bravely telling him, \"You can't just move on like you do when there's things out there we just can't control.\" \"Chiles, baby, people wonder how things get out of control. They can't figure out, it's the many things they just don't shut out. Why couldn't you have just said 'no' to McGrawHill?\" \"Is that what this is all about? \" she asked. \"Beau, I've already built something out there. And a record company noticed that. Believe me, I thought I was done, but apparently, someone in the industry believes in me. Don't you think I should look a little into it. I know that could change the circumstance, but I know for certain it hasn't change the way I feel about you. We're together now. And it's because Kelly told me to never be afraid to fall in love, and that's why I'm here with you. I took the good advice from a person who has been through it all.\" \"Chiles,\" he pleaded. \"Listen to me. People don't come out of that industry, without a dent. Just like Kelly. Her problem was never about being afraid to fall in love. In fact, I believe she easily fell for things that hurt her in the end. You're so pure at heart, and that's the one thing they'll stain, until you can't trust in it anymore. You are more than a superstar to me, and I don't want to lose how bright you've shined on my world. It had been dark for so long, and the day you came back, you did brighten things up.\" Their lips met. It fit so right. Yet there was a storm raging inside them. He had to let what he felt deep down inside him out, but it had stirred something inside. The winds of change had certainly paid them a visit, and greatness lingered just behind the threshold of an unopened chamber of her heart. \"You make me feel so safe, Beau. I have to tell you, it's hard, but I think it'll get easier whenever I see how much your eyes say you need me.\" She reassured him. \"Can you ask the driver for a pen and paper? I think we just made a song-writer's moment.\" She always could rely on Beau to lighten the moment. All through the night, he observed how Chiles became the designated novelty that evening tossed around in a sea of intrigued reporters and other celebrities. She was a natural in the limelight, and her big bright smile never went unnoticed. Her eyes always searched for him and when she'd find him, it was as if time had paused for the both of them. Layla Clapton came over to their table, grabbed Chiles and headed for the overflowing dancefloor as the DJ played an 80's re-mix. They danced to a montage that started out with Cyndi Lauper's \"Girls Just Wanna Have Fun\", and Beau was struck by the lyrics of such a silly, girly song. It resonated in his head the whole night and even on the ride home. He couldn't deny as much as he wanted to, that the song spoke volumes for women who had extraordinary talent and beauty, and especially to him. He couldn't get over the fact that he was going to commit this great injustice if he didn't allow Chiles to see just how far she could go. He didn't want to look back and see that he had hid her from the rest of the world. After dinner the next evening, Beau handed Chiles her cell phone. \"Call the McGrawHill people and hear them out.\" \"What? What's the meaning? What about all the things you said? Beau, you're driving me crazy!\" \"I know. I know. I just want it to be right for us. I don't ever want your children to say I was the man who kept you from being this great somebody and ….\" She wrapped her arms around his waist, and teased him, \"Are they our children?\" He avoided eye contact. He walked right into that one. \"You know what I mean. Now come on, pick up the phone. \" \"No. Not until you tell me what changed your mind, again?\" she asked gesturing him to sit back down by the dining table. \"Just watching you last night with all those stars was an experience. I heard a song playing and it got me thinking. The song will last, even when the artist has stopped singing.\" He chuckled and bashfully admitted, \" I did some surfing on the internet today, and looked up some of the famous country singers who kept it together, and Martina McBride was on the top of the list of making everything in her life work—like marriage, raising kids, and doing a bunch of charities. It is possible to stay grounded. But steer clear from that Evans lady. She's been through many lawsuits that all have to do with her nasty divorce, and Reba, she's one tough cookie, I think maybe a little too tough for your delicate nature.\" She reached for his hands and held them tight, \"You are amazing! You know that? Looking out for me.\" Her tone became a little stern, \"I appreciate your concern, but I've made a decision. I'm staying putt. I'm the happiest I've ever been.\" He pulled her up to stand, and reeled her in to sit on his lap. \"You'll be sick of me by the end of this week, I guarantee it.\" He left it alone, knowing it would eat at her for the next few days. He returned home one evening and found the dinner table set, with candlelight and a nice small meal prepared. \"What's the occasion?\" he asked as she put the last items on the table. \"Well, I finally did what you asked me. I answered the record company's call and listened to what they had to say. Right off the bat, Martina wants me to open for her, and they want me to head into the studios for some recordings!\" she squealed out in delight. \"Martina? It must be a sign,\" Beau responded, watching her face light up. \" I told them I had some songs in mind, and they are up to hearing it,\" she added. \"When did you have time to come up with lyrics?\" Beau asked. \"It's been in my head for a while now. I've been inspired to write about some things going on with me, us.\" She gave him a playful smile. Beau laughed, then asked with a note of seriousness, \"So when did they need you?\" She looked uneasily at him and answered, \"I was thinking you could come along with me, back to Nashville.\" \"Alright! Just for a visit,\" Beau acquiesced. \"No Beau, I mean to be together back home. I can't do this without you.\" The look in her eyes was so convincing, he muttered, \"Just when I was getting used to the fine weather out here, and the people ain't so bad either. Even the crazy ones. I guess I'll have to tender my resignation, but I would like to see one patient make it out of rehab if that's alright by you? Before we pack up.\" \"Sure, darling. Thank you for this. It means so much that you're going it all the way with me.\" Chiles shyly spoke over her plate. \"You need to promise me one thing, Chiles, baby,\" Beau started. \"Anything, Beau.\" \"You need to promise me that no matter how tough things get, you'll fight for the things you believe in. Promise me you'll fight for us even when you start to lose reason to..\" \"I won't ever…\" she began, but he wanted to make it perfectly clear. \"There will be men, rich, famous, handsome businessmen who'll want to make private deals with you. Never do business that way. No negotiations are set without the two of us together.\" \"I like that, Beau. And promise you'll fight for me, like I'm something worth fighting for.\" \"What makes you think you're not?\" he asked, taking her hand, placing it against his lips, while he waited for her to speak. She was having trouble trying to find the words to describe how she felt about herself. Please review…..It'll get updated a lot faster. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own any part of a great movie called Country Strong nor would I like to make a"},{"Movie":"Insidious, 2011","Title":"Oversights","Author":"Sunshinecackle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13156110","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Oversights Author: Donnie Fandom: Insidious Setting: A Hotel Room Pairing: Tucker/Specs Characters: Tucker, Specs Genre: Romance/Humor Rating: T Chapters: 1/1 Word Count: 672 Type of Work: One-Shot, Weekly Writing Prompt #6 Status: Complete Warnings: Gay, Slash, Yaoi, AU - Canon Divergent, Tucker is gross Disclaimer: I don't own anything. Summary: Specs can't believe he forgot something so important. AN: Alright, I'm finally writing again! I can't believe how hard it's been for me to write lately, it's ridiculous. But I'm getting back to writing so we'll hopefully have some works posted soon. I have a ton that needs edited and posted. At any rate, I'm finally picking the Weekly Writing Prompts back up, so hopefully that will help. Side Note: I write Specs, David (Saw .5) and Adam (Saw) as triplets. Specs is a Faulkner, but since it's not super prominent here, I didn't add it as a crossover. Oversights ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~ \"Did you bring it?\" Tucker's voice was gravelly and loud as usual, but it sounded like he was trying to be quiet. \"Of course I brought it!\" Frustrated, Specs dug his hands into his leather bag once more, a few seconds away from just dumping its contents onto the bed. The taller man rose a brow as his little lover started chucking things out of the bag; extra pencils, a pen Tucker was sure was out of ink by now, some crayons, crumpled tissues, the tiny, wire-bound sketchbook he'd bought to use when they were on the road that hadn't even had a page ripped out. Some batteries joined the ever-growing pile of junk on the crisp, probably not-so-clean hotel room sheets, and Tucker finally thought it was time to reach out. Specs looked like he was about to bust a nerve. \"You didn't bring it, did you?\" His hand landed on Specs' shoulder and the bespectacled man all but roared, throwing it off. \"I swear to God, it was in there!\" His hands were in the air and he snarled a little, left eye twitching a little. It had been a while since Tucker saw Specs so livid, and he could only guess that his sardonic words were probably not helping his case. \"I think you probably forgot it.\" The glare he returned had Tucker raising his arms in a defensive stance, only for Specs to sigh and roll his eyes, grumpier than ever. \"Thank you for that, Captain Obvious. I guess I didn't bring it.\" Which was only frustrating him, now. How could they enjoy this little vacation without his wallet? How did he forget it in the first place? Griping seemed to be his only way of coping, and he threw himself down on the bed, face buried in the thin tan blanket. Chuckling a little bit, Tucker smirked as he reached down to give his rump a playful swat, to which the smaller simply rose his head and glared. \"What the fuck , Tucker?\" \"You'll just have to deal with me paying for everything.\" He winked, lopsided grin in place as he eyed his now prostrate boyfriend, who looked like he was about ready to whip around and throttle him. Most of the time, Specs didn't act like his family at all, but when he was angry, he was all Faulkner. Scrappy bunch, Tucker thought absently, losing track of a minute or two in which Specs had, apparently, stood up and walked in front of him. \"And drive, and I can't have any alcohol.\" Specs was definitely bummed, even if Tucker took a second too long to respond. It didn't stop him from pouting until those large arms came up hesitantly and wrapped around his shoulders. \"Nobody said that, now, did they? I could always buy some for you and we could drink here.\" He offered, tugging the other into his chest. When they'd first gotten together, Specs could remember how grossed out he was when Tucker hugged him. The smell of sweat and taco seasoning and whatever Hot Pockets were on his breath had always made Specs balk, but there was something to be said about continued exposure. All of Tucker's disgusting habits were just habits, now. Even if there were still a couple he couldn't stand. \"Fine… I guess that works.\" He nodded, licking his lips and smiling up at the other, no matter how it didn't reach his eyes, \"Where are we going first, then?\" \"Figured maybe we should take you to that science museum you wanted to see.\" He offered, \"Get you out of the room and your mind on something else.\" \"Works for me.\" While he still reached for his wallet, frowning when it wasn't there, tucker was quick to take his hand and drag him out of the room. \"Don't think about it.\" He instructed, \"Just enjoy today.\" Hopefully his wallet was in the van so they could actually have some fun on this vacation. ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~ AN: Welp, there we have it, another piece in my Tucker/Specs series. I write them a lot more than I think I realize. xD I hope you guys liked it! Prompt: Error ","Summary":" Title: Oversights Author: Donnie Fandom: Insidious Setting: A Hotel Room Pairing: Tucker/Specs Char"},{"Movie":"Country Strong","Title":"The Three Little Beaus'","Author":"ReadMe-SeeMe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6805005","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey all! So while I was being bored to sleep in Biology I came up with another Beau & Chiles story since by first one is doing fairly well. All reviews are appreciated and taken into consideration. Please in enjoy \"The Three little Beaus' \"… Full Summary: Beau and Chiles Hutton family is complete with a faithful, beautiful, & honest marriage, a beautiful beach side house in California, and three wonderful kids to match. Read to witness their journey to happiness and all the bumps in the road they had to take to get there. Chapter 1: Fast Forward (Prologue) Chiles Stanton- Hutton morning alarm went off, the time being seven ante- meridian as she quickly rolled over to hit the off button. She sat up straight and stretched before getting out of bed, ready to start the day she knew would be full of chaos with the three children she and Beau bought into the world. After taking a half hour to freshen up, she walked downstairs and on their refrigerator was a calendar with the date Monday August 16, 2027. A day Chiles, Beau and every parent looks forward to; the first day of school. January 2011while on tour a night of passion lead to the pregnancy of Chiles and Beau's first born Tanner Beau Hutton. Tanner is sixteen years old and it was his first day of the tenth grade. Like his father he was tall, nicely muscled for his age, had deep blue eyes and blonde hair. Unlike his parents he was not so much into music. He was exposed to it, but never fully interested in it. Tanner Beau was more into sports. Baseball was his favorite as he was the first freshmen to make the varsity team last year. He was the one child that every parent worried about. He did not apply himself much, and he followed the wrong crowd. Such defiant action, causes him to crash heads with his parents, especially is father. A few years after Tanner, Beau and Chiles conceived their second child. Beginning the age of her dramatic pre-teen stage Kelly Anne Hutton is just turning thirteen, and starting the eighth grade. She is considered to be Beau and Chiles over achiever. Kelly is smart, sweet, sassy at times, yet gorgeous as she also possessed her dad's deep blue eyes but her mom's dark brown hair and tiny figure. Kelly is also your typical middle child. She often feels left out and alone, and she can be over the top in dramatics, in other words a headache for her mother. Lastly, came to be Rory Brianne Hutton. She is the youngest of the Hutton's, at the tender age of five years old. Though only so young, she is already showing signs of being a mini Chiles Stanton. She has long curly brown hair, big brown eyes, and even the voice of her mom's. Rory is just starting Kindergarten, and out of all the Hutton children she's loves the spotlight, as she shows off her feisty and outgoing roots, which she gets from her father. Though at home it can be cute, in public it can be a nightmare. As for Chiles and Beau things between them haven't changed at all, but the size of their family. Their love is stronger than ever, they continue to make beautiful music together, and with every passing day all the Hutton's are alive they look at that as a accomplishment, because though they were brought up to be nice, genuine, honest, care free people, doesn't mean their children were going to be the same. What do you think? Write me a review please? Should I continue? This is just the prologue. If I get good feedback, I will continue and there will be more dialogue! Honesty is well respected and appreciated. Xoxo -Victoria![Chapter 2] Hey all! Sorry I've been M.I.A lately, but school is out and summer has started and now this job I have is kicking my butt, but good thing is I have some time off and I just wanted to go ahead in finish this story for you all, but I know it has been awhile, so the question I have is: Are you all still interested in me finishing this one? If so I will go ahead and finish it up this month, meaning probably updates every other day like I did before… So let me know how many of you all are still interested[Chapter 3] Hey everyone, since I did get a few good reviews back I'm going to update; I update my stories to by popular demand, so the more reviews the faster the updates. Chapter 1: Big Beau versus Little Beau Part 1 After a long first day of school, Kelly walked into the house. She smiled at and walked passed her dad Beau whom was sitting on the porch strumming the strings on his guitar. She walked into her home and found her mom Chiles getting dinner started while her five year old sister Rory sat at the table attending to her coloring book. \"How was school?\" Chiles asked \"Wonderful, I have a lot of great classes and all of my teachers seem really nice\" Kelly said sitting down at the table and pulling some folders out, as she heard her dad walk in \"You have homework all ready?\" Beau asked \"On the first day!\" \"Yep, I take all honor classes so my teachers waste no time getting us started\" Kelly giggled \"Where's Tanner?\" Chiles asked about her oldest child and oldest son \"I don't know, he wasn't on the bus after school\" \"He should've been he doesn't have baseball practice? Not on the first day\" Beau said \"Well, let's hope he's just with a few friends\" Chiles replied \"You know his friends, where ever his friends are there's trouble, that's why I told him to come home right after school\" Beau told \"I don't want him hanging out with kids like that\" \"Me either, but he's a teenager this is the hard stage of parenting when kids tend to think they know everything and go off and start doing what they want to do\" Chiles replied walking over to Beau and sitting on his lap \"We shouldn't stress ourselves out worrying about him, we have to learn to let him make his own mistakes\" \"You're right, but I don't want him hanging with the wrong crew and something happens to him… I can't have that happen to us\" \"You can stop worrying dad, I can see him walking up the driveway\" Kelly said pointing out of the window Beau and Chiles turned their heads in unison when they heard Tanner walk through the door. Tanner caught all eyes staring at him when he came in, \"What?\" he rudely replied \"Hello to you too Tanner\" Beau said \"How was your first day of school?\" Chiles asked Tanner shrugged \"Okay!\" \"You have homework?\" his dad questioned \"Nope!\" Tanner bluntly shot making his way passed them to his room \"Where were you after school?\" Beau asked as he followed Tanner \"What's with all the questions?\" \"Just answer them\" he firmly said \"I miss the bus, so I had to walk all the way home\" \"Bull.. If you had to walked all the way from your school you still wouldn't be home yet, so cough up the truth Tanner\" Tanner rolled his eyes as he slammed down his backpack on the floor of his bedroom, \"Fine I was with a friend\" \"Friend's got names?\" he asked \"Sara\" Beau stared \"A girlfriend?\" \"Something like that. Are we done?\" Tanner asked \"What's with the attitude?\" \"I'm getting questioned for no reason\" \"Hey, I'm trying to look out for you and if you are too stupid to see that, that's too damn bad\" Beau said \"I don't need looking out for? I can handle myself\" Tanner shot \"That's what you think\" Beau said \"There's a whole different cruel world out there that you are bound to experience with that damn attitude and trust me it will chew you up and spit kids like you out\" \"Kids like me?\" \"Hardheaded!\" Beau replied \"I need to know where you are, with whom, and when\" \"I never get any freedom in this stupid house!\" Tanned argued \"I will give you your freedom, when I feel I can trust you to do the right thing, but right now I can't\" Tanner rolled his eyes and laid on his back across his bed \"Do we have an understanding?\" Tanner paused \"I can't hear you?\" Beau firmly said \"Yeah!\" the rebellious child gave in Beau nodded \"Wash up for dinner\" he said as he walked out… Tanner heard his dad walk out of the room, and shot up out of his bed. He grabbed his coat and quickly opened his window to make a quick escape…. Please Review. Chapter 2: Big Beau versus Little Beau part 2 ","Summary":" Hey all! So while I was being bored to sleep in Biology I came up with another Beau & Chiles story "},{"Movie":"Insidious, 2011","Title":"Ghosts And Demons","Author":"Smart Kira","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12777851","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ghosts And Demons You can not see us But we can see you Your heart is racing pounding within your chest We feed off your fear and your adrenaline As thoughts of us race through your mind You can't get rid of us so easily We are so attached to you Possessing you and causing destruction Causing absolute upheaval in your daily life ","Summary":" Ghosts And Demons You can not see us But we can see you Your heart is racing pounding within your c"},{"Movie":"Insidious, 2011","Title":"IT'S NOT JOSH THAT YOU KNOW","Author":"prettyteeth","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9806281","Passage":"[Chapter 1] INSIDIOUS CHAPTER 2- It's not Josh that you know Josh Lambert is a high school teacher who lived a normal life like any other man would. He has a beautiful and loyal wife and three wonderful children that he loves dearly. Josh has a dark past that only few people knew which is his mother, Lorraine and also Elise. He had not been aware that his dark past actually keeps following him that now it affects his son, Dalton. Dalton was once being unconscious for a long time because something that haunted Josh during her childhood is now came to make his son's life Dalton misery. It was way past midnight, and Dalton was sleeping with his brother in their small, cozy bedroom. Josh was awake because he had to finish up his school work. After having his midnight supper alone, Josh went upstairs to check on his sons and later he smelled something rotten in Dalton's bedroom. He was so suspicious where did the awful smell came from and decided to check on every corner of Dalton's bedroom. Josh went close to the wardrobe and felt really hot as if he was in a desert. Josh opened the closet and found nothing. He went through all of the clothes in the wardrobe but still he can't find what is actually causing the rotten smell. Suddenly, Dalton was talking in his sleep and says \" Daddyy…. There's someone looking at you from the top of the wardrobe\". \" It is looking at you with his awful white eyes and it is mouth is full of blood\". \"Daddy.. I'm scared\". Josh was frightened as his son was talking while sleeping. Dalton did not even open his eyes but he can say such ridiculous things. Josh would not dare to look on top of the wardrobe so he turns his back and decided to go to his own bedroom. Before Josh would even walk a step, Dalton suddenly woke up looking like an old man that looks like a monster. He yelled out \"Don't you dare! I will kill your whole family!\". Dalton had been possessed by a revengeful soul name Parker Crane who died by suicide and this soul lived a discontented, awful life! He had a parent who hated on each other and lived with his biological mother. Parker Crane's mother hated her husband so much that he can't accept that Parker is a boy and she decided to change him into a girl and even gave him a girl's name which is Selena. His mother is actually a serial killer and a psychopath and Parker has been exposed to violence and death since he was a little kid. He suicide at the age of seventy and now his restless soul came back to regain his life back! Dalton was yelling loudly with his eyes turned all black that even his father can't recognize him anymore. His voice changed and he was strangling his father's neck mercilessly. His strength was not like a ten year old boy's strength would be. Josh could not bear the pain and he could not fight his own son. His lung was running out of air and he collapses, lying on the floor. Suddenly, Dalton fainted because Parker Crane's soul has gone out from his body and revived into Josh's dead body. He has finally came alive and live as Josh Lambert since….. ","Summary":" INSIDIOUS CHAPTER 2- It's not Josh that you know Josh Lambert is a high school teacher who lived a "},{"Movie":"Insidious, 2011","Title":"Pac Man Fever","Author":"Sunshinecackle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13156039","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Pac Man Fever Author: Donnie Fandom: Insidious Setting: Specs' House Pairing: Tucker/Specs Characters: Tucker, Specs Genre: Romance/Humor Rating: K+ Chapters: 1/1 Word Count: 732 Type of Work: One-Shot Status: Complete Warnings: Gay, Slash, Yaoi, Not super shippy but it's there, Specs doesn't like to lose, Tucker hates Specs' snack choice Disclaimer: I don't own anything. Summary: Tucker's new toy was about to drive a stake between the two of them. AN: So, I have a lot of new obsessions. This was supposed to be for a Weekly Writing Prompt, but I posted it way late. xD Pac Man Fever ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~ \"You seriously come home with the stupidest shit when you go grocery shopping late.\" Specs couldn't believe his eyes as he stared down at the mockery of an old arcade system. It fit snugly in one of Tucker's huge palms, with a single set of buttons and a joystick in the middle, topped with a red ball. \"You're just pissed because you know I'll kick your ass.\" Tucker smirked, knowing that his smaller friend would take the bait; it was just a matter of when. \"You would not .\" Came the sudden, pouty response as Specs watched the taller man set his prize down on the counter and smirked, turning to put away his myriad of snacks and the like. \"Then why don't you go set it-\" Specs snatched up the offending object and ran from the room so fast Tucker's head spun. It looked as if he was going to be having a night seeing how badly he would beat the other at Pac Man. It was actually rather entertaining watching Specs from the doorway, leaning against it with a Hot Pocket in one hand and a bag of Twizzlers in the other. Eyeing the way his younger counterpart huffed and rolled his eyes, all indignant as he muttered to himself. Taking another bite before jostling the two sodas he had pressed into his chest thanks to his arms, he walked into the living room as nonchalant as anything. \"Have it all set up, Boy Wonder?\" He questioned, disregarding the crumbs falling into his beard and the disgusted look on Specs' face. \" Yes .\" His voice was strained as he sat on the floor, the Pac Man mini arcade set between where they would be sitting, staring ominously out at them. \"Sit down.\" \"Brought you a soda.\" It wasn't often that Tucker let Specs have one of his Mountain Dew Code Reds, and the peace offering was obvious. \"You wanna go first?\" \"...Yes.\" This time, he begrudgingly picked up the control pad and took the drink, cracking it open one-handed before taking a drink. In a matter of minutes, he was a full two levels in, feeling pretty good about himself. By the end of the third level, he'd earned an extra life, and seemed to be feeling pretty good. It was only a solid twenty minutes later that he nearly hurled the damn game box through the TV when he'd been accidentally caught by Blinky. \"What the fuck ?!\" A rich glare leveled on Tucker, who quickly threw his hands up in an attempt to look innocent. \"What?\" \"Don't play that with me, asshole!\" Smacking the other's shoulder and doing little to nothing to him, in actuality, Specs slammed the game down in front of the other man. \"You were messing with me!\" \"I didn't do anything .\" The shit eating grin on his face, however, told Specs that he knew exactly what he was doing. \"You kept touching me-\" \"I was cheering you on.\" \"You were groping me !\" Specs practically spat, rising from his spot, \"I'm getting a snack.\" \"Fine, but don't bring any of that shit back in here!\" Tucker called back. Specs was going to do it, anyway. Pulling out one of his containers from the fridge, he set aside his ants on a log before going for a tub of apples sliced into rounds. In record time, he had some layered with oats, peanut butter and raisins, and others carrying a tuna concoction he pulled from another tupperware container. Finally taking his snacks from the room on the little plate, he sat down beside Tucker again, popping a homemade fruit snack into his mouth. \"You're disgusting.\" Tucker told him absently, eyes on the screen as he blasted through another level, effectively beating Specs' high score. \"You suck!\" Specs replied, smacking his leg, \"I hate you.\" \"You don't.\" Tucker responded easily. \"You're an asshole.\" \"Maybe.\" It was always good to give his friend a little bit of leeway, especially when he didn't want to be a gracious loser. \"I didn't beat you that bad.\" Oh, but he had, and had only just begun. All he had to do was go to the next level. He definitely was going to be relying on his own smug satisfaction to get through this night on the couch instead of in a warm bed with his boyfriend. ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~ AN: Okay, so this was actually more fun than I thought it would be. I'm on such an Insidious kick, man. xD It's so bad. ; u; I hope to see you guys again soon! Prompt: Song Prompt - Pac Man Fever by Buckner and Garcia ","Summary":" Title: Pac Man Fever Author: Donnie Fandom: Insidious Setting: Specs' House Pairing: Tucker/Specs C"},{"Movie":"Insidious, 2011","Title":"The Further","Author":"Echo312","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8617985","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Further. That place lurking in the abyssal trenches of the Astral Plane. Where legions of inhuman souls prowl the barren and scarred wasteland that lies cloaked in shadow and mist. As it has for an eternity that cannot be measured in seconds or years, a place where waking dreams flounder and die and are doomed to be smothered into nothingness by the irrational madness that scatters the land. James Fischer, age eight, walks through the mist. He is cold. His feet shuffle through grainy dust. He cannot see a mere three feet ahead of him. He hears only the sound of his bare feet crunching on the ashen ground. He sees his breath rise in the chill air, only to mingle with the grey vapor that surrounds him, seeping into the thin fabric of his pajamas as he stumbles onward, unaware that he walks not through a dreamland, but through a forsaken expanse of lunar territory that threatens to consume his mind, his body as it lies immobile in his small bed in his parents' farmhouse in Easton, Pennsylvania. James is a traveler. An explorer of the Astral Plane, unaware that his dreams are voyages—very real voyages—that carry his mind and defy the known laws of quantum physics to allow him to venture into a different realm of reality even as he lies asleep in the physical, material world familiar to us. He stumbles onward through the mist. It has an odd, musty smell to it. As if it rose cold from somewhere wet and dark, where water seeps down scarred rock faces and minor horrors scuttle in the shadow and the fog. In the twilight that marks neither the coming of the night nor the day, a vast and dark shape looms before him. A dark plane that stands before his face. He reaches his hands out to touch it. It is a wall. His hands feel old and beaten stone scarred with sickly green moss. As his hands explore this rough-hewn rock face, they find old and gnarled veins that run up its length like pythons frozen mid-slither. He looks up. The dark stone rises into the mist, its top obscured by the roiling fog. Slowly, gingerly, he paces to the side, one hand tracing the old stone wall. It takes him a long time to trace the perimeter. The structure is hexagonal, with a single set of weathered stone steps, scalloped by footsteps made by unknown beings. The stone steps lead to a heavy oak door secured by rusty iron fittings. He walks up the steps now, ascending towards the mouth of the structure. He has seen structures like this before. He saw one like it on the afternoon of his grandfather's funeral. The rain pattering against the umbrellas of the huddled relatives that had gathered on that day. The priest with the tattered bible. The sight of the coffin as it descended into the moist earth. It was a mausoleum. A place where families are locked in death, such that their corpses may remain close to each other in their decaying sleep. He was walking into this one, now. He hesitates as he nears the top. \"It's only a dream,\" he tells himself. \"Nothing can hurt me.\" He places his hand on the damp wooden door. He expects that it will not budge, but the door shudders at his touch. The iron hinges squeal as flakes of maroon rust fall from them. A second-long pause. The doors swing open, slowly, laboriously. James enters the small space. At first he is surprised by the surroundings. The floor is made of wooden planks, upon which sit antique carpets. The inside of the mausoleum is lit by a warm glow that shines forth from stained-glass lamps. In one corner of the room, an old harpsichord plays by itself, the ivory keys immobile even though the strings hum with music. On the walls of the room are paintings mounted in gilded frames. The heads of deer, elk, moose and wolf are mounted as hunting trophies on the mahogany-paneled walls. In the far, far corner of the room, flanked by two shiny suits of armor, sits a heavy armoire made of solid oak. It gleams dully in the feeble light. James steps towards the armoire. The music fills the air with its thin, high notes as he approaches. He hears the floorboards creek beneath his bare feet. The music seems to become more faster, more shrill as he approaches the gleaming doors. He reaches his hand out to touch the intricate carvings on the armoire doors. Before he can touch them, they swing open. James cannot find the breath the scream. All that escapes his mouth is a strangled, saliva-laden gurgle. His eyes bulge wide. The thing in the armoire has the body of a skinned goat, mere shreds of fur remaining on an otherwise hairless body that has been flayed pink by a nameless butcher's blade. Its arms and hands are the gnarled limbs of an old man, sun spots dotting wrinkled skin. Beneath the skin, pale bones and green-grey veins. Its face. Its face. The thing had the shrunken face of a mummy, the skin a dried and rotting parchment. The gaping mouth was a hole from which jutted yellowing, cavity-laden teeth locked in a yawning grimace. There was no hole or demarcation for where a nose should be, but the yellow and jaundiced eyes stared forth, into James' soul, rimmed with blood-red capillaries. In the center of each eye was a coal-black pit that seemed to burn with the primeval, animal fire of a Grey Wolf who had found its quarry after a long hunt. A pair of antelope horns crowned the head, topped with wisps of foul white hair, and scraped the top of the armoire's interior. James stumbled backwards. Behind him, he heard the oak doors of the mausoleum slam shut. \"Wake up,\" he told himself. \"Wake up.\" The thing stirred. Its eyes locked on James, a cloven hoof arched out of the armoire and scraped the floor. James thought, \"Wake up. Why am I not waking up?\" Both hooves now on the floor. The thing took a step towards James. The yellow eyes leered. A yawning howl escaped the shrunken mummy face, the circular hole where the jaws should be, and James knew that the last thing he would smell was the carrion, maggot-laden breath on his neck as the thing tore into him, possessed him. This he knew. The room shook when the doors were forced inwards. James turned to see the shadowy figures standing just outside the door, on the stairs, the mist seeping slowly into the mausoleum. One of the shadows tossed a heavy metal object into the room. It landed on the wooden floor with a dull thud, and a second later it exploded with an impossibly loud clap of smoke and sparks. In the seconds after the flash-bang exploded, James' world was turned upside down, and he felt the floor smack into his chest as he fell to meet it. He heard the chatter of automatic weapon fire, the sound of bullets ejected from their casings and landing hot onto the floor. He covered his ears with the palms of his hands and finally screamed. He smelled gunpowder and cordite, heard boots against the floor approaching him. He cowered, in a fetal position, on the floorboards. A gloved hand reached out and touched his shoulder. A voice said, \"It's okay. You're okay, son. It's over now. We'll get you out of here.\" James opened his eyes. He looked into a bearded face obscured by a pair of black night vision goggles. One of the man's hands reached up to his face to push the goggles upwards. The man's brown eyes looked at him intently, but they were kind. James said, \"Who are you? This is not a dream. This doesn't feel like a dream.\" He started to cry, his face crumpled in confusion. James could see other men, wearing dark combat uniforms, circling the room. They carried M-4 carbines equipped with ruby-red laser sights that played over the mahogany walls. They looked bulky and robotic, wholly out of place in this antique mausoleum. The man said, \"My name is Lieutenant Colonel Michael Baker. This is my team. We work for the U.S. Navy. We're here to get you out of here. I will explain when we're somewhere safe, but I need you to focus now.\" James looked around the room in confusion. One of the soldiers prodded the demon's carcass with a booted foot. The thing did not stir. James saw two jagged bullet holes leaking pink-red blood between the thing's eyes, now dimmed from their fire in death. He said, to nobody in particular, \"What is this? What's going on?\" ","Summary":" The Further. That place lurking in the abyssal trenches of the Astral Plane. Where legions of inhum"},{"Movie":"Insidious, 2011","Title":"An Emergency","Author":"ScaryElwes","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7203118","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I'm baaack! Yes, I've finally decided to get off my ass and start writing again. It's an amazing feeling, really. And if you haven't noticed, this isn't our usual angst-ridden Chainshipping setting. Everyone, welcome to the brand-spanking new Insidious category! Taadaa! *jazz hands* And, if I read correctly, I'm the first person to write for Insidious! Eeep, it's so exciting! I can't wait to see what wonderful things people will come up with for this category. Anywhoo, I decided to do what any fangirl normally does and stretch aspects of the film until they are to her liking. But this time, I'm not talking about pairings, aha. Enjoy. Disclaimer: I don't own Insidious. Or Ghostbusters. Or Hot Pockets. An Emergency \"Specs.\" A voice, urgent and rushed, somehow manages to hit him through the curtains of sleep. \"Specs wake up.\" He's being shaken now, gripped by the shoulders and slowly jolted into consciousness. Please, five more minutes. Call the Ghostbusters, they'll do a better job…just let me sleep… \"Specs!\" He can no longer ignore the voice, its urgency has reached too high of a peak. So he reluctantly cracks his eyes open with a soft groan. Tucker stands before him, leaning over the bed with both hands still on his shoulders. Specs lifts his own and pushes them away, rubbing his eyes once his counterpart has stepped back. \"Tuck,\" he sighs, and fumbles for the glasses that rest on his bedside table. His clumsy fingers finally grip their smooth plastic after much too long, and he hastily slips them on. Specs feels his eyes widen instantly when he really takes the sight of Tucker in. His partner stands in only a pair of boxers and an old, faded t-shirt. Specs squints against the sleep in his eyes and until he sees that it's an old Spectral Sightings shirt prototype, a design that the two had decided against. His rusty brown hair is in total disarray, several sections pointing this way and that. Specs knows that his partner has a habit of running his hand across his scalp religiously, but he's never seen it this messy. Tucker's rich facial hair, his only trademark, is in a very similar state to the hair on his head. But it's not Tucker's unkept appearance that shocks Specs so much, although it does unnerve him. Audible breaths escape from his mouth, which hangs slightly open. His eyes are wide and almost empty. He looks…scared. It suddenly occurs to Specs that he's never seen his best friend like this. Afraid. Vulnerable. He glances back at the bedside table, and all sympathy drains from his body as if someone has pulled a plug when he sees the time: 12:40 am . Specs groans. \"Tucker, why on earth are you waking me up at this time of night?\" Tucker blinks, and nervously licks his lips, once again reminding Specs of the fact that he's never seen this side of him. A small pang of affectionate pity hits him, and he ignores it. The standing man speaks: \"It's an emergency.\" Oh no . Specs doesn't feel so tired anymore. Shoving Tucker out of the way, Specs leaps out of his bed. He darts around the room at top speed, simultaneously searching for clothes to wear and his supplies. The entire time both his mind and his mouth are running at a mile a minute. \"Should we call Elise?\" he splutters out as he tugs his white button-down shirt on. \"I think she's still awake, she's usually done meditating by now that is unless this isn't that big of a job, where exactly did you get the call from Tuck, maybe we can do it without her tonight, good God where's my charcoal I can't draw properly without it-\" \"Specs!\" Tucker shouts. The bespectacled man freezes once more, his sketchbook in one hand and a pair of pants in the other. Tucker meets his eyes, telepathically telling him to shut up and listen . \"The emergency is here. In the kitchen.\" The leather-bound book slips from Specs' hand and hits the floor with a slap . He feels the color drain from his face, his heartbeat speed up slightly. It's here . Paranormal activity is occurring here. He no longer feels determined, or useful. Only downright terrified. This isn't someone else's home, where he can put up a brave front and handle the situation as clinically as possible. This is where he lives, it's his sanctuary. If something happens here, he can't just apologize and drive off to safety. He'll have to give up, accept defeat, and admit that his job, the thing he is most passionate about, scares him on a daily basis. Another glance into Tucker's eyes tells him that they are both on the same page. Specs relaxes from his tense stance, and swallows dumbly. He awkwardly fumbles with his pants until finally giving up and dropping them onto the bed. Meeting the wide eyes of Tucker, he nods slowly. \"Ah, l-let's go see it, then.\" Tucker returns the nod. He exits the room, Specs close in tow. Their tiny house is silent, aside from the occasional chirp from a cricket outside, and the muted padding of their bare feet. Their journey through the hall ends much too quickly, and Specs finds himself in the dimly lit kitchen too soon for his liking. He glances anxiously around himself, almost spinning in his spot, searching for anything that might seem out of the ordinary. He takes it all in, the off-white countertops, the somewhat sticky floors, the shiny wooden cupboards. He jumps as the ice box rattles suddenly, and then inwardly scolds himself. Finally, Specs sighs and looks back at Tucker. \"Uh, Tuck, to be completely honest, I'm not sure what I'm looking for here. Are you just tricking me again or…?\" As Specs fades off, Tucker scowls (or at least it looks like a scowl through his thick beard) and trudges to the fridge in the corner. He opens the door to the freezer with a flourish, and, as if announcing the death of a legendary celebrity, states, \"We…are out…of Hot Pockets.\" Silence. Specs remains still, almost hoping that Tucker is kidding, that there's actually a hoard of demons in the broom closet, that he was not just woken up over a lack of microwaveable pastries . But when the quiet goes from tense to overwhelming, he finally breathes. \"Excuse me?\" is all he can manage. The scared little kid in Tucker is showing now more than ever, and he yanks the smaller man over to his side. \"Look!\" he says gruffly, pointing into the icy compartment. \"They're all gone!\" Indeed, of the five boxes that practically dominate the small freezer, every one of them is empty. \"I was just in the garage, cataloging all of our recent shirt orders from the site, when I remembered that I hadn't eaten since lunch. So I came in here, expecting a nice ham and cheese at the very least, but then I opened the freezer and they were all gone .\" Tucker looks at him anxiously, as if expecting him to quickly agree that this means the end is near. Specs steps back, still somewhat frozen in disbelief. \"So…you woke me up, because you're out of Pockets?\" he asks. Tucker nods his head jerkily, his expression clearly showing disappointment in Specs' reaction. Specs slides his glasses up, presses the heels of his palms to his eyes and digs them in, feeling the beginnings of a headache coming on. \"Tuck, you do realize that I thought there was an entity in here. A demon . Not an empty freezer.\" Tucker pauses for a moment, then, \"Well…yeah, course I do.\" Specs drops his hands, now more than a little exasperated. \"Well why didn't you just say it in the first place?\" A brief rush of cold air hits them as Tucker snaps the freezer shut. \"I said it was an emergency . And it is. I'm out of Hot Pockets.\" Sometimes, Specs is simply amazed at how incredibly intelligent and yet exceedingly dull his partner can be. The way Tucker thinks never really does make it to his mouth properly, unless it's something that he's serious about. In fact, not many things do make it to his mouth. He's never one for words, unless it's only him and Specs talking. Specs clears his throat after pausing. \"Well, thanks for alerting me to this; even if it's pointless, seeing that you don't let me near the things. I'm going back to bed.\" He turns around, and is about to make his way back down the hall when Tucker calls out. \"Specs, wait!\" \"What?\" He doesn't even turn back around. \"Will you come with me to get some more?\" \" What ?\" Okay, now he does. \"Come with me to get some more.\" \"It's nearly one in the morning, Tuck. I'm not even sure if there's a place open right now.\" \"There is. A market a few blocks from here. I've been there before.\" \"For what?\" \"For Hot Pockets, of course,\" Tucker says, as if it's obvious. And it kind of is. Specs thinks for a moment then questions, \"Why do you need me to come with, then?\" \"I need you to drive.\" \" Why ?\" \"I can't! I'm too hungry... Just please?\" Specs struggles to respond without saying anything that can't be blamed on his bad mood. Tucker holds his gaze, the little kid back in his eyes and now begging him silently. Knowing that he'll regret this in the morning, Specs resigns. \"Fine, I'll go. Just let me…just let me get some pants on…\" Tucker smiles gleefully, and says, \"I'll be in the van.\" Once Specs is dressed properly, he and Tucker embark on their journey. And as they pull out of the market's parking lot, Specs driving and Tucker in the passenger seat, he suddenly realizes that he's not as irritated as he was earlier. Maybe it's the refreshingly cool air that hits his face through the open window. Or maybe it's the knowledge that if their roles were reversed, Tucker would do the same for him without a moment's thought. Because they're best friends. Partners, roommates, cohorts, counterparts. Or maybe it's simply the image of Tucker sitting next to him, his hands folded protectively over a plastic bag filled with various boxed flavors of Hot Pockets. Specs reminds himself to tell Elise about this in the morning. But of course, the very tired ghosthunter slowly forgets all this as he stumbles back into the house, blearily reminds Tucker to take the old boxes out of the freezer before putting in the new ones, and then collapses on his bed without even removing his glasses. In the morning, however, he discovers that Tucker had done it for him before going to bed himself. Fin. To clear up any confusion on Tucker's mentioning of the garage: In an \"interview\" for Spectral Sightings, Angus…I mean, Tucker says that he lives in Leigh's…gah, I mean, Specs ' garage. Mmhmm. And also, a little trivia: Did anyone know that Angus is actually younger than Leigh? I sure didn't. I'd just assumed that he was older, or around the same age, 'cause he's so tall, and Leigh is such a little guy…ah, forget it. (Madi. XD) ","Summary":" A/N: I'm baaack! Yes, I've finally decided to get off my ass and start writing again. It's an amazi"},{"Movie":"Insidious, 2011","Title":"Bear Mauls Ninja","Author":"AMKelley","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9691637","Passage":"[Chapter 1] They had arrived at Elise's house fairly early in the day, not like they had anything better to do, and intended to pay some last respects on behalf of their loyalty to her and maybe reminisce in a few memories. Some good, some bad, and others they just couldn't pin one emotion to. It seemed like a good idea at the time, not only to honor such a selfless woman who was practically a mother to them but also to get some closure. But when Specs and Tucker stepped inside Elise's house it felt different. It was a cold realization that she was no longer here and that they couldn't do anything to change that. It was the equivalent to someone pouring an ice cold bucket of water right over their heads. They were so used to walking in here with Elise and now... now the whole place just felt empty. It was times like these when Specs wished he could \"feel\" things like Elise did, but he can't feel anything but regret. Regret for not being by Elise's side. Regret for not being stronger. Sometimes Specs wondered if Tucker felt anything like that. He must. He knew Tucker respected her but to what extent? Was it enough to draw out any other emotion that wasn't crass or sarcastic? Tucker spied a picture on a little end table near the hall and picked it up with steady hands, eyeing it with a clenched jaw. It was a picture of him and Elise, not recent but not too old either, taken perhaps sometime before the whole Lambert fiasco. They were both smilng but Elise's seemed to be much brighter than his own and Tucker had an arm wrapped around her shoulders in a warm embrace. They looked so happy. Tucker's hands gripped the frame a little tighter than he meant to and set the picture back down before he lost it entirely. Luckily, Specs was too caught up in his own memories of this place, looking around solemnly at all the things Elise would never touch again. Tucker wondered if he looked just as miserable as Specs did. Neither of them said anything for the longest time. What could they say? Losing Elise was like losing their mother and it stung. They couldn't talk to each other about their feelings anyway... Well Specs could, just not Tucker. Tucker isn't very \"hands on\" when it comes to the touchy-feely aspect of their friendship (if you could call it that). But somehow the silence was better. Besides, it felt more appropriate in respect for the dead. There was a moment when Specs and Tucker accidentally locked gazes. It was a little awkward but not entirely uncomfortable and there were no snide remarks thrown between them. It was almost like they were hoping for the other to say something profound, something philosophical that would tie up all loose ends, but there were no words. Specs decided it would have to be him who said the magic words and made everything bad go away with one sentence. Tucker didn't have the capacity for anything remotely profound but it didn't mean he understood it any less. But just as he opened his mouth something else decided to make itself known. The lone door down the hall slowly creaked open on it's old hinges and it broke the heavy silence surrounding the once delightful home. Tucker and Specs turned their heads toward the sound to eye the door opening on it's own precariously. Tucker and Specs looked back at each other skeptically. They've seen many things while working with Elise but they never could get used to it. That split second of pure shock was soon replaced by some kind of relief. Some hope that maybe it was Elise leading them on to a clue of some sort but then again... \"Elise always kept the reading room locked...\" Specs informs Tucker. He's aware that Tucker knows this rule but Specs somehow feels the need to make sure he wasn't crazy. There's cold panic and hope as they both walk down the hall carefully. Things can sometimes backfire and entities that are seemingly innocent enough can turn malevolent at the drop of a hat, so neither of them were very optimistic. They could just as easily turn around and walk away from Elise's house forever, but something was pulling them further. Specs was already kicking himself for following Tucker (or was Tucker following him?) as the scene played out before him. The curious half-wits hear a noise and just HAVE to investigate and before you know it they're stumbling out of the basement, or wherever they happen to be, trying to put their entrails back where they belong. And personally, Specs doesn't think coughing up blood is a very sexy look for him. When they finally \"Scooby Doo\" themselves to the stairs leading down to the basement, both men stop in their wake. It's dark downstairs (of course it's dark, it's always fucking dark when the hapless morons get it in the movies) and neither Tucker nor Specs wants to go down but the curiosity is far too insidious to turn back now. \"You go down first,\" Tucker says nervously, shoving Specs with an elbow to try and get him down the stairs. It's childish, yes, but when isn't Tucker childish? \"No way I'm going down first!\" Specs resists. He pushes Tucker back with all his might but is unable to move the other man significantly. \"You go first!\" Tucker grumbles something under his breath, like he always does, but it's not so passive-aggressive this time. It sort've almost sounds like he's losing his edge and surrendering but that's what Tucker wants him to think, doesn't it? So either Tucker has had an epiphany after their loss and gone soft or he's planning to do something once Specs has his back turned. Not wanting to take any chances, Specs stares Tucker down instead. \"Hunter, bear, ninja,\" Specs declares flatly and he doesn't break eye contact with Tucker. Tucker's face twitches into a scowl but he complies nonetheless because he knows he can't back out of a challenge, especially one he can easily win. Tucker faces his four-eyed challenger and he just absolutely hates the way Specs seems so sure of himself. He'll be damned if Specs gets him this time. \"Hunter, bear, ninja!\" They both say this in unison as they take their presumed stances against one another. Tucker makes a pose with his hands out in front of him, as if he were going to chop someone, and all Specs could think was how typical the oaf was as he took on a powerful stance with bear claws extended above his head. He may be short but in this small moment of victory Specs felt taller than Tucker. \"No way, man!\" Tucker begins to complain but Specs is just grinning like an idiot and shaking his head. \"Well, what are you waiting for? Get down there!\" Specs teases as he laughs to himself, enjoying Tucker's loss more than what was necessary for a normal person. But they weren't normal, were they? Tucker huffs and grumbles to himself the whole way down in their descent into the dark unknown. Specs trails behind Tucker, feeling his heart thundering in his ribcage because he half expects something to jump out from the darkness that just seems to bend around the small basement. After a few inappropriate touches and fumbles for a light switch, the room illuminates. Specs blinks past the glare on his glasses, like he's been in the dark long enough for his eyes to adjust, and looks around the half remembered basement Elise had dubbed the \"Reading Room\". It hasn't been long since they've last been here but it all seems far away in a sense. It feels like their old and it's been years since they last saw Elise. The shorter of the two looks over at the mannequin that wears Elise's modified gas mask used for contacting the dead and shudders subtly to himself. That thing has always creeped him out. Just the way it sits there motionlessly, pretending it's resemblance to a human being gives Specs the heebie-jeebies. Specs has never trusted mannequins. Not since Silent Hill 3. \"Maybe we shouldn't be down here,\" Specs thinks out loud with worry. \"Why? Are you scared?\" Tucker inquires with a teasing tone and heavy sarcasm. Specs gazes back at Tucker, hoping that his face is pleading enough for Tucker to take it easy on him for once, but it flies clear over the other man's head. Maybe he's a little... anxious but wouldn't anybody be? He feels like he's intruding in on Elise's private room without permission and that the mannequin is breathing down his neck. \"No...\" Specs lies weakly. \"Doesn't it just seem a little rude to be in here? Without Elise?\" Tucker sighs, \"Look, we've been down here plenty of times. With and without Elise. We're just doing it without her this time, okay?\" Somehow that answer was good enough for Specs and maybe, just perhaps, those were the magical profound words that needed to be said in order for both of them to move on. The fact that Elise was dead was not only completely unfair, but it was also a part of life that no one could escape... Then again, Tucker probably only said that because he's an asshole and doesn't want to hear Specs whine. \"What are we looking for anyway?\" Specs inquires after a beat, looking over at Tucker expectantly like it was his idea to come down here. \"Clues, Van Gogh,\" Tucker mocks. \"We're looking for clues.\" \"Whatever, Sherlock...\" Specs breaths under his breath, but obviously not low enough because Tucker hears it. \"I don't see how calling me a genius detective is a good insult,\" Tucker observes thickly. \"Van Gogh was a genius too,\" Specs points out with narrow eyes. \"A guy who cuts his own ear off is not a genius.\" \"That's a cover up Van Gogh came up with to protect his friend Gauguin,\" Specs argues, \"Gauguin is the guy who really cut it off.\" \"Says who?\" \"Historians!\" \"Sounds like a bunch of malarkey...\" Tucker mumbles as he turns away from Specs, pretending to look through something. Specs gets irritated by this and decides he will not let Tucker turning his back win the argument. \"Yeah, well, Sherlock Holmes isn't even real!\" This seems to end one argument for now but there's always a chance that something as equally pointless to fight over will arise. Surprisingly enough Tucker doesn't retort back with an idiotic comment and instead continues to look through a stack of old papers. Specs is left standing there awkwardly because he was more than expecting Tucker to respond but when he didn't Specs felt a little put off. There's no way Specs can actually like fighting with Tucker, is there? No, absolutely not! That's just ridiculous. Specs' cheeks always seem to burn whenever he argues with Tucker but that's only because he feels adrenaline when being challenged. It's not like there's a sexual thrill he gets out of it or anything... Specs just needs to move on, so he does. He shuffles past the creepy looking mannequin and starts to tinker with different relics from past cases, both before and during their time with Elise. Most of it looks ancient like it was brought back from the past by Doctor Who and very little of it looks newer. It makes Specs muse at the fact that Elise was around for a very long time to build up this collection of knick knacks. She had obviously done a lot of good over the years long before Tucker and Specs joined up with her. Tucker knocks something over and it makes Specs turn slightly to see what he's broken this time but the object is still intact. It looks like a crystal ball but Specs is sure that he's seen Elise use it as a paper weight before. Specs watches Tucker bend down to actually pick up what he's knocked over and he catches himself staring a little too long at the gruff man. He quickly turns his admiration back to far less complicated things, like music boxes and trinkets. \"Are you changing the rules?\" Tucker questions, turning to Specs after it's been silent for a few minutes. Specs is taken out of his thoughts as he spins around and assesses Tucker's outburst. \"What are you talking about?\" Specs asks confused, finding himself a part of a conversation he doesn't remember being a part of. \"Hunter, bear, ninja,\" Tucker tells him with a conviction that makes it seem like they've been on this topic for hours. \"I could've swore ninja killed bear. Unless I'm mistaken, which I'm not.\" \"Then you must be mistaken because bear kills ninja,\" Specs replies a little annoyed, watching Tucker not buy into it one bit. Tucker shifts his weight from one foot to the other, shaking his head. \"Nuh-uh... Since when?\" \"Since forever. You were there when we came up with the rules, remember?\" Specs condescends to him like they've been over this a thousand times already. \"Hunter shoots bear, bear mauls ninja, and ninja kills hunter.\" \"I think you're cheating,\" Tucker accuses in a childish manner, simply because he strives on conflict. And he likes rattling Specs' cage. \"And why would I do that?\" \"Because you're a poor sport and can't stand losing to a real man.\" \"Oh, give me strength!\" Specs scoffs at the other man across the table in the center of the room. \"Having a beard hardly makes you a man... and I'm not just saying that because of my inability to grow facial hair, so shut up!\" \"There's no way a bear could kill a ninja,\" Tucker says plainly, defying Specs further. \"Ninjas can kill anything and they can't be killed.\" \"Well, what about another ninja? Can ninjas kill other ninjas?\" Specs poses in a final summation and Tucker is finally at a loss for words. Gotta love their useless logic. They stand there with only the table separating them but it feels like they're in each other's faces, butting heads and at their throats like they constantly are. There is something unreadable in Tucker's eyes, something Specs has never seen before, and Specs swallows unconsciously at what it might be. To be honest, it kind of freaks him out a little, even more than mannequins or ghosts. Tucker's face goes from being kind of friendly back to his usual emotionless stare and Specs feels like he's missed something important, like he was supposed to say or do something crucial. But he missed it and now Tucker is turning away and walking towards the only private area Elise had forbidden them from entering. \"H-Hey! You can't go in there!\" Specs says flustered, sounding like Elise's little lap dog. Sometimes Specs wishes he wasn't such a stickler for following rules. \"Elise said-\" There's a crash like something was knocked over and a strained noise from Tucker. Now Specs could assume one of two things: either Tucker was just about the clumsiest person he's ever seen or something horrible attacked him. Despite strongly leaning towards the clumsy theory, Specs reacted in a way he thought he never would. He panicked, suddenly afraid that Tucker was attacked. \"Tucker!\" He yelled out with fright and worry as he rushed over to the tiny room connecting to the Reading Room. \"Tucker!\" When Specs got inside the room he fumbled nervously for a light switch and when it clicked on he couldn't believe his eyes. It was Tucker on the ground, clutching at his groin as he wallowed around in a fit and next to him were a stack of VHS tapes that had toppled over when the bumbling moron knocked them over. \"What the hell?\" Specs asks for an explanation. \"My nuts!\" Tucker groans miserably. While this is a very good time for Specs to point and laugh at Tucker's misfortune, he can't bring himself to do it. Mostly because he was genuinely worried about the other man for once. Specs was glad he was alright but he felt oddly lied to, like Tucker had purposely cried wolf. Then again, being cautious was never a bad thing. If anything this just proved to Tucker that if something went down Specs would be there. Whether or not Specs was an ideal knight in shining armor was another story entirely. Tucker gets up on his feet to walk off the pain, still holding himself and after he's done his I've-just-got-hit-in-the-balls dance he grins widely at Specs. \"What? Don't look at me like that!\" Specs begins to complain but it's too late. Tucker has finally learned his weakness and he plans to thoroughly exploit it. \"Were you worried about me?\" Tucker asks inquisitively, all teeth and beard. \"No! I was just worried that you might've broke something important,\" Specs covers coolly but Tucker isn't entirely stupid which Specs forgets sometimes. \"No, no, no... You had that tone!\" Tucker points a finger at Specs like he's saying 'Aha! I've found you out!' and he's unconsciously moving closer. \"That tone you get when you're worried or scared. You care about me!\" \"Do not!\" \"Yeah-huh-!\" Specs can see the scene playing out before him in slow motion. Tucker is moving closer still, making Specs back up slightly, as he becomes right on course for another stack of tapes. Specs can see it happening fast now, from the moment Tucker trips to when he stumbles directly into Specs, sending them both crashing to the ground. Tucker falls completely over Specs and settles heavily on the smaller man. To make matters ten times worse, somehow during the descent to the hard ground, Specs and Tucker's lips had joined in an awkward and completely accidental kiss (or that's what they tell themselves). Specs' eyes are blown wide and he doesn't even try to push Tucker off because he's too petrified with shock and satisfaction. Tucker makes no effort to pull away either. He simply stays exactly where his is, letting his lips stay firmly glued to Specs'. Neither man remembers who decided to open their mouths and frankly, they don't care. It's the most Awkward kiss to say the least, but they figured it was inevitable. Perhaps this is why they were lead down into the basement. To finally come to terms with their mutual feelings... Or it could've just been an accident. ","Summary":" They had arrived at Elise's house fairly early in the day, not like they had anything better to do,"},{"Movie":"Insidious, 2011","Title":"The Secret Keepers","Author":"Sarah1281","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10101063","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"I don't know what I would do if I didn't have you,\" Renai admitted. Lorraine smiled and sipped her coffee. \"I completely understand. I was in the same position after Elise erased Josh's memories of his travels. It wasn't just gratitude that kept us so close for all those years. I needed her to remind me that I wasn't crazy. That all of this was so far beyond me but it was real and she understood. I could never tell Josh but I could talk to her.\" Renai sighed and looked away. \"I can never tell Josh either. It's one thing not to tell Dalton. All those weeks he spent imprisoned in that…that nightmare reality. We were so worried about him but we just couldn't reach him and all that time he must have been so afraid. I wonder when it was he even realized it wasn't a dream.\" \"Dalton's just a child, yes,\" Lorraine agreed. \"It's better that he not know. But it's harder not being able to tell Josh. If Josh's father had still been…Well I wouldn't have liked to keep it from him, either.\" \"I never used to believe in hypnotism,\" Renai said. \"Back in school whenever they had a hypnotist come I never wanted to go up. I couldn't explain it but I was so sure it wouldn't work on me.\" \"Maybe it wouldn't have. I'm no expert but I think there has to be an element of willingness,\" Lorraine replied. \"Josh and Dalton both wanted to forget. Josh wanted to forget back then, too.\" \"It's just remarkable how well the hypnosis worked,\" Renai said. \"Josh remembers that Dalton was in a coma. Dalton doesn't remember anything because he was in the Further but he accepts he was in a coma. The official story is that we have no idea why Dalton was in a coma or why he woke up and since we're just the family and not the doctors we don't have to explain anything. Only now Dalton and Josh believe it, too.\" \"And what about the days that Josh was possessed?\" Lorraine asked. Renai scratched her leg, considering. \"I've tried to subtly ask them about it. I don't want them to get suspicious or suddenly send their memories flooding back.\" \"You won't,\" Lorraine assured her. \"I outright told Josh about his past experiences and the hypnosis held so he still didn't remember. That's why he had to have his younger self show him where Parker Crane was.\" Renai shook her head. \"I still don't understand how the present-day Josh was able to communicate with his child self. It wasn't just a vision or an imprint or something because you said back then Josh really did point the way like my Josh asked and so he was able to go where he needed to go. And then Josh himself was the cause of some of the disturbances we had before we realized the truth about Dalton's coma…\" \"I don't think we'll ever understand, at least not while we're living,\" Lorraine said. Renai shuddered. \"What is it?\" \"I was raised religious,\" Renai said. \"But I used to hate going to services. I stopped going the moment my parents couldn't make me go anymore. I don't think I ever really stopped believing, I just wanted a break. And you know how Josh is about religion. But when I first became pregnant with Dalton I knew I wanted to raise him with faith and so I started going back.\" Lorraine nodded slowly, clearly not sure where she was going with this. \"But that was just it. It was faith. Now I know for sure what happens after you die and, though I didn't see it, it's not anything like what I thought. And it's terrifying. The Further with all those nightmarish creatures who attacked us and possessed my husband and son. And what Parker said to me about how I wasted all that time being afraid of the dark and ghosts when I should have been counting my blessings that I was still alive? I won't always be alive.\" Lorraine nodded again. \"I think I'm a little closer to death than you are and you're right; it is frightening. But I had a very similar talk with Elise once and while she didn't have all the answers then, though perhaps she does now, she did have more insight into the Further and life after death than either of us.\" Renai's hands tightened around her coffee cup. \"What did she say about it?\" \"She said she's rarely met a purely benign spirit. She may have gotten guidance every now and then, and Carl thought he was speaking to Elise when we were investigating Parker, but nothing more than that. Usually if the spirits aren't outright malevolent then she's gotten mischievous spirits. Why is that, do you think?\" Lorraine asked. Renai frowned, thinking about it. \"Maybe the Further is so bad that it twists even the best of people into those horrors?\" \"That's a possibility, yes,\" Lorraine agreed. \"Or maybe the benign spirits just don't interfere with us unless they are called upon to help. But all the spirits that I've had described to me, by Elise or the boys or even you, have been malevolent ones. Or at least highly creepy ones which I'm putting down in the malevolent category anyway. What if the Further is only where the bad ones go? The ones like serial killer Parker or his child abusing mother. The ones that want to hurt people and would imprison Dalton.\" \"That is a comforting thought,\" Renai said slowly. \"I don't suppose I'll ever know until it's my time.\" \"What we choose to believe will ultimately not change what is,\" Lorraine said sagely. \"So why not believe something comforting in the meantime?\" \"Ah, I never answered you about what our boys remember about Josh's possession, did I?\" Renai asked rhetorically, snapping her fingers. \"It was only a few days, as you said. I may not have realized that my husband was gone immediately but I can at least say it wasn't long before I got suspicious. Dalton remembers coming out of the coma and being pampered and worried over. There's not much for him to forget, just that last afternoon when he came home from school and someone who looked like his father was trying to kill me.\" \"And Josh?\" \"It's remarkable. He can't possibly remember Dalton waking up because he wasn't there for that and yet he doesn't seem to notice the missing memories. I can see how he might not notice a few missing days but to not remember his own son coming out of a coma and then not realizing he doesn't remember it?\" Renai asked, shaking her head. \"I just don't understand it.\" \"Carl is very good at what he does,\" Lorraine said. \"There were no long periods of time to account for or major events to account for when Josh forgot the first time but he never seemed to notice any gaps in his memory.\" \"I'm just…I guess I'm just concerned,\" Renai admitted. \"And I wish I could talk to Josh about all of this but I know that I can't because he'd never believe me. It took a lot and the prospect of our son never waking up before he was willing to entertain the idea the first time. And he forgot for a reason so, if he had all the information, he wouldn't thank me for bringing that into his life again.\" \"Well you can talk to me,\" Lorraine said warmly, placing her hand on the table. \"I may not be Josh but I've been right where you are and I remember what my son can't.\" \"I understand why Josh and Dalton forgot. I can't even imagine what it's like to be trapped in the Further. Just to go into it sounds horrifying even if Dalton wasn't scared and went exploring. The kind of psychological damage that must do to someone…\" Renai shook her head. \"I don't know. I'm not a psychologist. Dalton didn't seem all that different but he only remembered for a few days after waking up. Who knows what might have happened if he grew with the knowledge?\" \"They both wanted to forget. Nothing good had come from the Further and they both could have been lost forever. We all nearly died,\" Lorraine said. \"They just wanted to be normal and to pretend none of it ever happened. Who wouldn't take that chance to rid themselves of traumatizing memories?\" \"I didn't,\" Renai said quietly. \"No, neither did I,\" Lorraine replied. \"I would argue that our experiences were not so harrowing as our boys' experiences. We may have been nearly murdered by a ghost wearing Josh's skin but when that becomes the less upsetting experience you know that something is seriously wrong. Why did you choose to remember? I suspect it's for the same reason I did.\" Renai took her time coming up with an answer. \"I have to remember. Dalton spent weeks trapped in the Further because we had no idea. If we had we could have rescued him right away and maybe avoided losing Josh as well.\" Lorraine winced. \"I should have said something.\" \"How could you have known? The minute that you heard that we suspected the supernatural you told us,\" Renai insisted. \"If Dalton or Josh couldn't avoid going into the Further again then if they remembered they could know to protect themselves. Now if it happens they won't know. If they think it's a dream again then we're right back where we started.\" \"As far as I know, Josh never went into the Further again once Elise helped him,\" Lorraine offered. \"Though if he did really think it was a dream and was lucky enough not to be captured or followed back then I wouldn't know.\" Renai nodded. \"I don't know if they could choose to go into the Further or not. I never thought to ask and now it's too late. But I'm not too worried about Josh. He needed Elise to manually send him there after years of no incidents. But what about Dalton? Will he be that lucky? Will the hypnosis that made him forget about the Further keep him from returning there?\" \"We can ask Carl,\" Lorraine offered. \"He might not know but we could at least try.\" \"And even if Dalton and Josh are safe, what about Foster and Cali?\" Renai asked. \"What about any grandchildren I might have? It's apparently genetic.\" She paused and looked at Lorraine with new eyes. \"Do you think you ever went to the Further? Was it Josh's father? Or did whatever mutation or whatever start with him?\" \"I never heard of anything like the Further or saw anything supernatural before Josh started showing signs,\" Lorraine said. \"But that doesn't mean that my parents didn't do for me what I did for Josh and erase my memory of it. Or maybe my husband either knew or didn't and experienced the Further. If he did, he never mentioned it. I still can't help but think that I could have saved us all so much pain by just not taking Josh with me to work that day. I know that I couldn't have known but if I had just kept him away from Parker Crane while he was alive maybe he wouldn't have fixated on Josh so much after death.\" \"I understand that, I do,\" Renai said, leaning forward earnestly. \"But Lorraine, you were the one who found Elise for us. Without you, even if we tried to find some sort of medium or psychic who is to say we would have found one that was genuine and powerful enough to help us? Or one that would have come back after Josh threw her out the first time? Without Josh's experience as a child, Dalton might still be trapped in the Further and we would have no idea how to help him.\" Lorraine smiled wanly. \"You're not wrong but it's hard to feel that the terror Josh went through as a child was for the best.\" Renai brushed her hair behind her ears. \"If the day comes that Foster or Cali or even Dalton again has another bad experience with the Further I'll be prepared. I only hope it won't kill anybody this time. We had a lucky escape with Carl and when Parker was trying to kill me and Dalton.\" \"I am sorry to have lost Elise,\" Lorraine said, sighing. \"From what Specs and Tucker have said, she's doing quite well and is still eager to help people. But I still wish things could have been different.\" \"She knew. We had only just gone into the kitchen and she was there with Parker and somehow she knew. And that's why he killed her. She really was the best,\" Renai told her. \"I'm going to remember her sacrifice even though the ones she made it for no longer do.\" \"It's all we can do,\" Lorraine replied. \"Remember and be grateful. Cali, I understand, is far too young to be able to remember any of this and she wasn't even there when Parker came after you. But what about Foster? He didn't get hypnotized. What does he know?\" \"Not much,\" Renai said. \"I didn't want to lie to him but he's too young to keep secrets. I think when he's older I'll tell him the truth, unless he has an experience like Dalton's and chooses to forget of course. He seemed to accept it when I told him that Daddy got very sick and didn't mean to hurt Mommy but that he's all better now and it won't happen again and he shouldn't talk about it to anyone except Mommy. I don't think he's said anything yet because Dalton or Josh would tell me if he said anything to them and if he says anything to anybody else I'm pretty sure I'd get a call from child services.\" Lorraine nodded. \"I don't want to think about what would happen if he tried asking Josh about him strangling you. But you're right that telling a stranger would be worse.\" \"And while Josh and Dalton honestly wouldn't believe that happened, I'm sure child services are all too used to the parents denying that any abuse is happening. I can't imagine Parker attacking me is a sight that Foster will soon forget, assuming no hypnosis of course, and he might even welcome the explanation. One day he's going to have some questions about that 'sickness.' For now, I've been telling Foster and Dalton that if they ever dream that they can see their bodies sleeping they should stay in their room where it's safe and not go get lost because if they go too far they might not wake up like Dalton,\" Renai said. \"Depending on how that works and if I come up with a better way, I might do the same thing with Cali when she gets older.\" Lorraine bit her lip consideringly. \"That could work. They're young enough to believe something like that and when they get old enough not to they might grow out of visiting the Further or at least be able to protect themselves better.\" \"It's my hope that our family is never touched by that world again but I'm not sure I believe that we'll get that even if Josh and Dalton are past that,\" Renai said. \"I feel like a bad mother for frightening my children with stories like that but I'm just trying to protect them.\" \"What does Josh think?\" Renai sighed. \"He doesn't approve of me frightening the boys. He says I don't remember how easily spooked kids are at that age and keeps assuring them that they won't get lost in dreams and go into a coma like Dalton. But at that age, kids are more likely to believe that there's a monster under the bed than their dad promising that there's no such thing as monsters.\" \"If only he knew,\" Lorraine said a little wistfully. \"We did talk about it a little, Josh and I. He ever wrote down everything he could remember about the Further and everything that Dalton told him. I've hidden the notebook away so he won't stumble across it one day and have questions I can't answer but if we need it it will be there,\" Renai said. \"If we need information or Josh needs to be convinced again. He tried so hard to reach me but he never quite did. He played my song while Parker clearly had no idea what our song was. I should have known he wouldn't have forgot. Maybe if I were less used to the hauntings I would have suspected, I don't know.\" \"Most people wouldn't have suspected as quickly as you did, Renai, you have nothing to blame yourself for,\" Lorraine said firmly. \"And letting Parker know that you were suspicious without backup would have just gotten you and the children killed. You saw how he reacted when he realized that you knew the truth.\" Renai smiled ruefully. \"In the movies, I always used to ask why they didn't just move out of the haunted house. Well when it happened to me I tried that and Josh thought I was crazy but he went along with the expense and the inconvenience because he loved me.\" \"Well if it had been the house it would have worked,\" Lorraine pointed out. \"And you didn't just ignore the situation, you took steps to fix it and you got help and no one died.\" \"No one but Elise,\" Renai corrected. Lorraine nodded but her voice remained resolute. \"It could have been much worse.\" \"I don't know how I'm going to go back to normal after all of this,\" Renai confessed. \"Especially with trying to keep Foster quiet and Dalton and Josh having no idea.\" \"I didn't know how I would manage it, either,\" Lorraine told her. \"That's why I needed Elise. But she told me that I didn't have to worry about how I would get back to normal because I already was.\" \"Already was?\" Renai repeated. \"After Dalton woke up you went back to normal,\" Lorraine said. \"When we got Josh back you went back to normal. When Josh and Dalton forgot you went back to normal. You've been living normal for weeks now and you can spend all the time you want trying to figure out how to be normal but you're already there. It's just your life.\" Renai cocked her head. \"It's strange to think of it that way. I keep thinking about this whole new world that's opened up but it hasn't really opened up to me, has it? I think I noticed the hauntings more than anybody but they started when Dalton was lost in the Further and kept going after Parker was masquerading as my husband. They're gone now and aren't likely to return unless Foster or Cali have their own problems with the supernatural. For all I know so much more than I did before, nothing's really changed. You're right. Or Elise is right, I guess.\" \"It's over, Renai. You may never have to deal with this again and if you do then you'll be prepared,\" Lorraine promised. \"You certainly no more than I did at the time. I sometimes still ask myself how someone that looked like the person in the photos was able to befriend Josh in the Further. Perhaps Parker could be charming but all the pictures in that black wedding dress seemed to be sending out danger signals. At least he seemed to realize that it wasn't good when Parker began to follow him around in the real world.\" \"That reminds me,\" Renai said. \"I can't believe you stepped forward with Specs and Tucker to say you solved the case of the Bride in Black serial killer.\" \"I don't know if it can ever be proven but we do have a compelling story. And I'm retired. I need a hobby. Why not write a book?\" Lorraine asked rhetorically. \"Maybe people will think it's silly that Specs and Tucker sensed something malevolent at the old hospital but then they'll just think it's a coincidence we found out the truth about Parker. And I was working with them in the first place as a way of grieving for my dear friend and their former employer Elise.\" \"You're making quite the sensation. Even if I didn't know the truth, that abandoned costume and the newspaper clippings paint a pretty good picture even not including the fact that the killings stop around the time Parker was hospitalized or the fact he was so…unwell. That's not what I'm concerned about, though. What about Josh and Dalton?\" Renai asked. Lorraine shrugged. \"What about them? Josh doesn't remember Parker. He didn't even after I told him of their connection. And while we do have pictures of Parker in the wedding dress, we have no way to explain how we got them so we're just going to have an artist illustrate the photo. We'll need to take Josh out of the picture first so the story is that we think that is what Parker would have looked like while killing.\" \"It just seems so strange to write a book about all of this,\" Renai said. \"That man terrorized my family for long enough. I may as well get to tell the world the truth about him and give the families of those poor girls some peace,\" Lorraine said. \"If it had been my child I would want to know. Oh, but Elise! What does Josh think happened about her death? He was questioned by the police. Or Parker was, rather.\" \"As a close friend of yours, she was just there for moral support while you came over to talk with us about what to do if Dalton never woke up,\" Renai responded. She made a face. \"I hate how good I've become at lying, especially lying to Josh.\" \"I know, Renai, I know,\" Lorraine said softly. \"This is supposed to be a partnership. We had that before and I'm sure we'll have it again but right now what happened is just so fresh in my mind and it's like this wall whenever I think about it. He doesn't seem to have noticed but sooner or later he will and I don't want to cause problems but I don't know how to explain it,\" Renai said. \"I hated what happened and wish none of it had ever happened to us. I wish we could have just been normal.\" \"I wish my secrecy hadn't hurt Dalton and made Josh vulnerable.\" \"But despite all of it, I really feel like this experience made me stronger,\" Renai mused. \"I never thought I could fight for my life like that or solve an impossible problem like an unexplainable coma or a possessed husband. I think it did the same for Josh. He got to face old fears he had long-since forgotten about and – even if it took awhile – he came out on top. And there's something about plunging into the world of the supernatural together and fighting for our family that just brought us so much closer together. I never felt more connected to Josh than when he looked over at me with the boys in his arms and told me that he never stopped trying to reach me. He played our song. And even though I knew logically that it could just be a trick, in that moment I was sure. That was my husband. And the next few days were wonderful. I miss that.\" \"It can't be easy, going through such a terrible experience and then losing out on the only positive thing you gained from it,\" Lorraine said. \"Suddenly you're alone with what happened.\" \"Not quite alone,\" Renai said, smiling at her suddenly. \"I do have you.\" \"I wasn't around for most of it,\" Lorraine said. \"No but you're the one who figured out what was wrong with Josh,\" Renai pointed out. \"I noticed it first but…I guess I didn't want it to be true. I should have trusted my instincts and next time I will. And I will also call for help in case it gets violent again.\" \"See, that's how you survive these things!\" Lorraine exclaimed. \"They did what's best for them and I'm going to have to do what's best for me, too,\" Renai decided. \"And in the meantime I am never watching another ghost movie. Ever. And demons are out, too. In fact, there will now be a moratorium on horror movies.\" \"Are you sure?\" Lorraine asked. \"You might get some good ideas just in case.\" Renai nodded. \"Yes, I'm very sure. We are going to be a normal family. We are going to have a normal life. And that is final.\" \"You never know what will happen with Foster and Cali,\" Lorraine pointed out. \"It's just like you said,\" Renai replied. \"If anything happens then we'll do with it and then we're going straight back to normal.\" \"Such an interesting definition of normal!\" Lorraine said, laughing. \"I don't remember if I've told you this before, Renai, but you are everything I've ever wanted in a daughter-in-law.\" Renai smiled, thanked her, and then the pair went back to discussing perfectly normal things about their perfectly normal lives. ","Summary":" \"I don't know what I would do if I didn't have you,\" Renai admitted. Lorraine smiled and sipped h"},{"Movie":"Insidious, 2011","Title":"dreaming of a black christmas","Author":"ScaryElwes","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9976809","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: A very belated Christmas present from the queen of over-emotional Specs and Tucker stans. I'm actually super surprised with how long this turned out. I mean, I struggle to spew out more than 2,000 words at my best but the second my boys come in I'm completely word vomiting. I seriously could just write them all day, though. Make it my job. (And happy holidays/New Year to everyone!) ALSO. There are minor spoilers for the film Black Christmas in this fic. If anyone is asking, yes, this is indeed a real film. I consider it one of the greats so add it to your watch list before the Christmas spirit comes to an end entirely. Dreaming of a Black Christmas or The Specs and Tucker Slasher Film and Ugly Christmas Sweater Extravaganza \"It's in the closet.\" Tucker's voice was hushed, yet urgent. He leaned forward to see better, an almost ludicrous intensity contorting his features. No response came. Only the deep creaking of the aging house, distant footsteps coming closer. \"I'm telling you, it's in the goddamn closet.\" Slowly, the door opened. Through the thick silence, the sound of frenzied whispers could just barely be heard. Tucker waited for something, anything, holding his breath from the looks of it. A guttural scream emerged from the TV screen, and Tucker groaned in response. He shook his head and watched as Olivia Hussey stumbled down the stairs with the killer hot on her heels, only to emit a shriek of her own when caught seconds later. From his spot further from the TV, Specs wondered why he even let Tucker watch Black Christmas every holiday season if he always got this riled up. Tucker insisted that he truly did enjoy it, and that it was his own personal way of getting into the spirit. Yet still, every year after finishing it, he'd go to bed muttering about the choices made by the characters and his resulting headache. It was Christmas Eve, and the Spectral Sightings boys were taking part in their usual traditions as best as they could. Earlier in the day Specs had dragged in a miniature Christmas tree that would make Charlie Brown proud, and was now decorating it with ornaments they'd made themselves over the years. Tucker had helped at first, but quickly got bored and had dug out his annual DVD and a fresh tin of caramelized popcorn. This was something they'd usually done with Elise. Though she'd never exactly belonged to any religion, she loved Christmas. She'd always drag Specs and Tucker out to search for the best lights to ooh and ahh at, and then help them decorate the tree the night before the big day. With time, she even affectionately tolerated Tucker's penchant for his movie. Though her favorite part by far was knitting them their ugly Christmas sweaters. Every year, Specs and Tucker would each get a new one of their own, and Elise would always go all out with them. She'd start working on them sometimes months ahead, finding the most intentionally garish patterns that they could all laugh over. They both wore the garments proudly, knowing that Elise meant well and feeling her care in every little stitch. This time around, they'd been forced to make due with last year's sweaters. Specs' was an obnoxiously bright shade of a green with Rudolph's face blaring from the front, light-up nose included. Tucker had also been spared nothing, and wore a bold red thing with yarn ornaments actually dangling from it. As Specs watched, the spheres swung rather comically each time Tucker jerked in reaction to the TV. Overall they'd tried their best, yet things were still just a little off. Even the slight snugness of the aged sweater reminded Specs of the nagging feeling that was probably in both of their heads. He felt a pang in his chest, and suddenly had to swallow past a lump in his throat. This would be their first Christmas without Elise there to knit them new sweaters that actually fit them. This would be their first Christmas without Elise. He resolutely hung the last ornament, a disc for Tucker's trifield meter that they no longer used. Enough was enough. He couldn't handle any more sadness. They'd had enough of that during the year. Wouldn't she want them to at least have that? After one last glance at his work, Specs made his way over and plopped down next to Tucker. He reached out and grabbed a handful of popcorn that was covered in chocolate, knowing that it wasn't Tucker's favorite. \"You know,\" he began. \"I can't say that this is the most festive thing we could be watching right now.\" They'd had this conversation before. Tucker didn't even miss a beat. \"But it's a Christmas movie.\" \"I'll agree with that loosely. But shouldn't the, I dunno, manslaughter cancel that out?\" Tucker spared him a glance, eyebrows quirked. \"But I like this movie. It's quality cinema. Even you can't miss that.\" Unconsciously, he'd raised his hands and gestured wildly at the screen as he spoke, as if simple gesticulations could force Specs to see the light. \"I get it, Tuck. I'm just saying that maybe we could appreciate the masterpiece without you getting a migraine.\" \"I'll appreciate the masterpiece however I want. I know it's just a movie, but again, I like it. We all gotta like something, right? I'm sorry we just can't compete with that thing you have for Renai Lambert.\" Specs balked. Despite himself, his mind flashed to the Christmas card he'd opened just last week, which was now sitting on their kitchen table. In the accompanying photo Renai was hugging her children tightly, as if they'd be ripped away from her at any moment. Her bright smile did little to hide to the tense exhaustion he'd come to associate with her. Josh Lambert was understandably not in the picture. He actually spluttered for a moment, doing a piss poor job of masking his sheepishness. \"I do not have a thing for Renai Lambert.\" Tucker smirked at Olivia's face before him. \"Okay.\" \"I don't.\" \"Whatever you say, man. But you're the one pressing the subject here.\" Specs opened his mouth, a reply hot on his tongue, but then stopped short when he realized Tucker was right. He was just crossing his arms in defiance of the conversation's turn when a faint noise made him freeze. Tucker seemed to notice it too, and frowned at him. He hastily paused the movie with the remote, the resulting silence a stark contrast that unnerved them both. \"You hear that?\" Tucker asked, still looking at him. Specs nodded, and strained his ears for whatever it was. The racket came again, louder this time. They both sat a bit straighter, only to jolt upright when it happened once more, now violent-sounding. \"It sounds like…\" \"Knocking,\" Tucker finished for him. \"Or banging, maybe. And it's coming from the-\" \"The basement.\" Specs finally returned Tucker's gaze. They shared a look, the kind that hadn't happened since before the beginning of Christmas vacation. That intensity was quickly slipping back into Tucker's expression. Specs could only hope he looked the same. Without any fanfare, Tucker rose and made to leave the room. \"I guess I'll go check it out.\" \" What ?\" Tucker waved him away, stopping Specs before he could stand as well. \"Really, I'm sure it's nothing.\" \"Like hell, man. I'll go with you.\" \"You think I can't handle this on my own?\" Specs half-scowled at him. This really couldn't be over some childish sense of pride, could it? He didn't have time to mull it over, for Tucker took his silence as an excuse to flee. \"I'll be right back!\" Specs listened to his fading footsteps, and then sunk back into the couch with an irritated sigh. Feeling extra spiteful, he unpaused the movie, and picked at the popcorn that Tucker actually liked. This eventually grew old, and Specs was left staring at the moving figures on the screen without actually seeing them. The entire situation put him on edge. Not so much the prospect of whatever was down there, but the simple fact that Tucker had insisted on not needing him. They were supposed to be a team in this field. A bickering, dysfunctional one, but a team nonetheless. Something about this was off. The minutes stretched ever onwards. Specs found himself drumming uneasily on his knee with his fingers. Cold anxiety began to creep into his chest, only to be doubled when he glanced at a nearby clock. It'd been more than five minutes. Tucker never took this long on the job. Screw it . If Tucker wanted to feel big and do things on his own, then Specs could go down there alone too. He stood and, not even bothering to pause the movie again, headed purposefully to where Tucker had gone. His gumption had rapidly faded by the time he was halfway down the stairs, facing the door to Elise's reading room like it was some vicious beast. He hadn't been down there since he and Tucker had discovered Josh Lambert's session tape. Then, the wounds from Elise's death had been fresh, yet trudging down these steps now made it feel as if no time had passed at all. Standing in the doorway, Specs flipped on the light switch with perhaps more force than necessary. He exhaled loudly when nothing responded to the command. The pitch black of the room suddenly swelled in its ominousness, as if knowing full well that it was in control now. Left defenseless, Specs almost considered retreat, but remembered the task at hand. \"Tucker?\" he called, stepping as far as he could into the room while still using the light from the outside. Where the hell was he? It wasn't like this area was even that large. When no answer came, he walked forward, allowing the darkness to nearly swallow him. \"C'mon man, where are-\" Specs froze when he heard a clatter before him, as if objects were being moved just a few feet into the darkness. He cleared his throat, the action a tad more difficult than it would have been just moments earlier. But things were probably fine. Hopefully. Maybe Tucker was in the tape room, having gotten distracted by his own nosiness. He shakily reached a hand out, feeling for anything that could guide him through the dark… …and quickly retracted it with a yelp as a resounding THUD filled the room, much closer this time around. Silence. \" T-t-tucker ?\" Specs grit his teeth, cursing their insistent chattering. His heart was close to leaping into his throat. His breathing had gotten to be loud and ragged, a near-wheezing indicator of his condition in the dead silence. Once, Tucker had berated him for just that, how they could never get any readings because his breathing would scare away any entity with good sense. At the time, Specs had scoffed at the notion. But now, with the endless possibilities of whatever was down here with him, he agreed with it all too well. But then again, it wasn't like the entity wasn't doing a good job of scaring him, too. Specs took a few more hesitant steps forward, his feet not even rising completely from the floor. It was then that he almost stumbled over some sort of soft mass; thankfully nothing that felt like it was living. He jerkily crouched down to see what it was, and his mind recognized it the moment his hands came in contact. Yet still, he gripped the object and stood, determined to hold the thing up to his face to prove that it couldn't be what he thought it was. Trembling at this point, Specs pressed the wooly garment to his cheek. It was Tucker's ugly Christmas sweater. \"TUCKER!\" The name hadn't even left his mouth completely when a loud SCRAAAAAPE came from behind him, making him jump out of his skin. Specs whirled around towards the sound so quickly his neck protested. All at once, the lamps flicked on, flooding the room with light and forcing his eyes shut. Specs finally opened them, and nearly collapsed in fright. Before him was Tucker, slumped over in one of their old rocking chairs and moving back and forth at a violent pace. Clear plastic had been pulled taut over his face, freezing in place his horrorstruck expression. Dead. He was dead. Something was in this house on Christmas Eve of all nights and had killed Tucker and he was next he just knew it he- Specs' panicked train of thought was interrupted by laughter coming from Tucker's dead body. As he gaped, Tucker stood from the chair and peeled the plastic from his face. With no barrier to obstruct it, his breathless guffawing grew in power until he was hunched over with it, shoulders shaking. \" Man, if you could see your face !\" he crowed. Specs merely stood, breathing hard. The electricity of adrenaline was still coursing through his veins, stuttering and stopping short now that the threat had obviously been false. Of course it was false . Now that his mind wasn't clouded in fear, Specs was able to realize that Tucker had recreated one of the deaths from Black Christmas. He was seeing just how pathetic he'd been with each second of recovery. Specs angrily threw the sweater at Tucker's figure. He then clamped a hand to his still-pounding heart, and squeezed the bridge of his nose with the other. \"Jesus Christ , Tucker. You were dead ,\" he groaned into his hand. At that point Tucker's laughter had subsided enough for him to reply, \"I know! And you just…\" He gesticulated once more, searching for his words. \"Went with it! It was perfect!\" Specs' fight-or-flight mode was now long gone, and was being replaced with annoyance. \"Well, that's just great. I'm glad this amused you.\" He ignored how he'd begun to talk with his hands as well. At Specs' expression, Tucker's wide grin faltered. \"Oh, c'mon, don't be like that. You have to admit that this was brilliant,\" he said, as if playing dead was the most profound thing a person could do. Specs shook his head. \"I don't think so. Maybe you do, but my new ulcer says differently.\" Tucker looked fully prepared to make his argument again, but seemed to backtrack as he really took in Specs' condition. He finally shrugged, and looked away. \"Okay, I'm sorry. Alright? That was probably...a shitty thing to do.\" \"Probably,\" Specs agreed. They stood in silence for a few seconds, comfortable with not meeting each other's eyes. Once the dead air had become awkward, Specs gave him a nod, and turned to leave. His back was turned when Tucker said, \"You can really feel her in here…can't you?\" Specs faced him again, not even hiding his incredulous reaction to the subject change. Tucker was looking at him earnestly, his sweater gripped in his hands. Looking back and forth from the garment to Tucker's face, he didn't have to ask who they were talking about. \"…yeah, you really can,\" he replied softly after thinking it through. And he was being truthful. The more Specs opened himself up to it, the more he felt this otherworldly lightness, wrapping itself around him and easing the ache of his chest. He knew it was supernatural, yet it couldn't be any further than those he'd encounter while on the job. Tucker nodded, and looked down at his own sweater. His expression mirrored the one he wore when sneaking looks at that one picture of him and Elise. His lips parted, though he didn't speak at first, choosing his words with care. \"I know this room is always thrumming with energy. She put so much stuff from investigations in here, you know? But…there's something else, something that wasn't here before.\" A corner of his mouth rose, almost optimistically. \"And I think it's her. She's here, with us. Somehow.\" He looked back up at Specs, who hesitantly mirrored the smile. Specs thought to what Tucker had first said when Elise had left them, about the living version of someone always being better. The part of him that was still grieving agreed wholeheartedly, yet there was another that seemed to think otherwise. Having known Elise for years, he knew that her spirit wasn't to be tarnished easily. She'd always been a headstrong soul, something that the loss of a physical body could never change. Of course, there were times when the grey did flood in, and her loss could be felt everywhere. Yet now, standing with Tucker in the midst of her presence, it felt as if she'd never left in the first place. \"She's still here,\" he finally said, surprising Tucker and even himself a little. Their eye contact became easier, and their half-smiles wider. \"Look, uh,\" Tucker began, his voice back to its normal tone. \"I really am sorry about this. I still think it's awesome, but you get what I mean.\" Specs nodded. He couldn't find it in himself to be quite so upset anymore. \"I know.\" Tucker looked at the floor, then back at Specs after a moment. Once again, he seemed to be grasping for the right words. \"I'm…really glad that we're still doing this together. Everything.\" Specs' eyebrows shot up in surprise. Coming from Tucker, this was essentially a bear hug and an I love you . Words were hard for him to come by most of the time, let alone sentimental ones. Specs would take what he could get. \"Thanks, Tuck,\" he said. \"I…me too.\" In its own subtle way, Tucker's face showed his gratitude. Specs let the moment go on for a few seconds before clapping his hands together. Any longer and it'd probably become uncomfortable again. \"Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go recover from my heart attack and watch simulated ones upstairs.\" They smiled at each other one last time, and Specs made to return upstairs. \"Oh, and Specs?\" The warm bubble efficiently popped, he turned back to find Tucker pointing upwards. Specs' eyes followed the gesture and noticed a haphazardly placed bundle of mistletoe dangling between them. His jaw unconsciously dropped. Just how much planning had the bastard put into this? Tucker waggled his eyebrows expectantly. Specs responded by pointing a rather different finger of his own to him. Pushing his glasses up the bridge of his nose, Specs turned a final time and trudged his way back upstairs through the semi-darkness. Tucker's boisterous laughter followed him until it melded with the screaming still blasting from the TV. \"You're missing your damn movie,\" he called back over his shoulder. \"And don't think I won't eat your popcorn.\" … It was later, when they'd returned to their previous positions and the movie was almost over, that Specs remembered something. \"Tuck?\" \"…Mm.\" Tucker's eyes didn't even stray from the screen, watching intently. Accustomed to these kinds of responses from his friend, Specs pressed on. \"That noise…that you went downstairs to investigate. Was that you somehow doing that? Or did you figure out what it was?\" Specs watched as Tucker's eyebrows furrowed, as if trying to remember. He registered the topic of the conversation eventually, yet still he made no bother to look away. \"Oh, that.\" And he sighed, the ultimate picture of nonchalance. \"Yeah, I never found out what that was. It really wasn't me. I would've found a reason to get you down there anyway.\" Eyes wide, Specs stared down the outline of Tucker's face, lit up occasionally by the screen. He suddenly wished that he actually would look at him for once. \"So….that wasn't you. And we have no idea what it was.\" \"Nope.\" His lips popped in emphasis of the p . \"…oh.\" It was as if the tension running through Specs had never left his body in the first place. He slumped away from Tucker until he too faced the screen, a dazed feeling washing over him. They both watched the remainder of Black Christmas in silence, though the tangible fear budding in Specs' chest was from a slightly different cause. And, as the rickety old telephone rang onscreen one final time, Specs wondered if he'd be sleeping with the lights on again tonight, even on Christmas Eve. ","Summary":" A/N: A very belated Christmas present from the queen of over-emotional Specs and Tucker stans. I'm "},{"Movie":"Insidious, 2011","Title":"Preliminary Tests","Author":"AMKelley","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9370066","Passage":"[Chapter 1] They were working on there latest case. Specs and Tucker were setting up their, mostly Tucker's, equipment. An old woman and a young man, probably her son, watched them patiently as the two fumbled with devices and wires. Untangling himself, Specs said, \"We're just going to do some preliminary tests-\" \"Helps weed out the nut jobs,\" Tucker cut in. Specs closed his eyes in irritation at Tucker's comment and hoped their latest clients weren't offended by it. He smiled hopefully at Mrs. Ackerly and Noah. \"You'll have to excuse my colleague. He's a little audacious. Doesn't think before he talks,\" Specs laughed nervously. He figured the lady wouldn't know what audacious meant, but she followed him all the same. \"It's quite alright,\" Mrs. Ackerly beams. \"Do you boys need anything?\" \"We'll be fine-\" \"Maybe a hot pocket, if you have it,\" Tucker said. He wasn't really asking and if he was, it'd be rude. \"Sure,\" she said with a weak smile. After a moment her and her son walked off into another room, to leave the men to their work. Specs eyed Tucker intently as he put together some of his own devices. Tucker looked up at Specs' disapproving look. \"What?\" \"How can you think about your appetite before helping others?\" Specs chided lowly. He paused for a second. \"Oh wait, I forgot. You don't think at all.\" Tucker stood up straight as Specs turned away from him and put down whatever he had been fiddling with. \"Hey. We don't don't even know if they're actually seeing shit or not.\" Tucker had a point, but still. If they had or hadn't been through anything abnormal, the fact that these people were afraid still mattered, if only to Specs. \"Just get your toys, so we can,\" Specs mocked without turning around. Tucker huffed and shook his head. He made a few more adjustments to his equipment and walked past Specs. Tucker stopped and without turning said, \"Don't forgot your doodles, Rembrandt.\" Specs' cheeks warmed up and he scoffed at Tucker's remark. Sighing, he picked up his sketch book and followed Tucker down the hall. As he went he peeked into the rooms, getting a feel for the place and started absently drawing the layout of some \"disturbed\" rooms. Specs was following close behind Tucker and bumped into him a few times on accident. Tucker scanned the halls and rooms for any paranormal readings; nothing too eventful happened. Yet. Specs was hoping to prove him wrong, just because. Mrs. Ackerly came down the hallway to give Tucker a hot pocket nooked to perfection. He didn't even utter a thanks to the poor lady. Specs turned around at the sound of a disgust and food being spit on the ground. \"What the hell man?\" Specs questioned. \"That's what I'm saying,\" said Tucker. \"This is a veggie pocket!\" Tucker's face was contorted into something between shock and upset. Specs rolled his eyes at Tucker. \"Can't you enjoy life's little pleasures for once?\" \"Maybe if it was your 'little pleasure'.\" Tucker's remark regarding his 'package' made him heat up and blush deeply as Tucker laughed at his silence. Specs walked into the hall bathroom to get some tissue and a rag to clean up the mess Tucker made. When he came back he bent down to rid the ground of half chewed food and felt Tucker's eyes on him. It felt intimate. \"You know, Specs, you don't look half bad on your hands and knees,\" Tucker jested rather profoundly. Specs exhaled loudly and shook his head mentally. Pushing his glasses up the bridge of his nose, he got up from the ground and smoothed his pants of wrinkles as he walked to dispose of the rag and tissues. After that, Tucker started taking pictures and looking through his special lenses. He didn't seem to find anything out of the ordinary so far, from what Specs could see. Specs started roughly sketching Tucker. He was poised in the hallway, with the camra raised to his face, snapping away. Specs licked his lips, sometimes looking away from his sketchbook as if his hands alone knew what to draw. Tucker took a small break to finish the hot pocket, even if he didn't exactly want to. They stepped into the master bedroom and Tucker scanned the queen-sized bed. A few blips here and there on Tucker's equipment caught Specs' attention. \"Any activity?\" Specs asked hurriedly. \"Well, I'm guessing this is the old lady's room judging by the decor. So, no. I don't think there's much 'activity' in this room,\" Tucker chortled. \"Especially in bed. Maybe you and I can change that? Maybe you'll finally lose your virginity.\" \"In your dreams, Grizzly Adams. How did Elise ever hire you?\" Specs asked rhetorically. Tucker answered anyway. \"Because of my specially designed equipment.\" \"I'm sure she could find someone else,\" Specs mumbled. Tucker walked over to him and patted Specs on the shoulder. \"You're stuck with me, four eyes.\" \"You're hopeless.\" \"At least my skill is useful,\" Tucker commented as he tried to catch a glimpse of what Specs was scribbling. \"Unlike yours,\" he finished. Specs clutched the sketchbook to his chest defensively and pouted,\"I have skill!\" \"I'm not saying you have no skill. I'm just saying your skill is useless,\" Tucker mocked. \"I am very useful,\" Specs defended as he got in Tucker's face. Specs has never been so bold as to actually get in Tucker's face, but he figured Tucker was all bark and no bite. \"Then what do you bring to the table besides doodles?\" Tucker challenged and stepped closer to Specs. Tucker was taller than him and Specs backed off a little. Tucker smirked and shook his head when Specs remained silent. \"What were you drawing anyway?\" Tucker asked and snatched the sketchbook out of Specs' hands. Specs tried grabbing it back as he fumbled with coherent sentences, but it was no use. Tucker had it in his hands and was already going through it. Sketches of different entities and layouts were flipped through and soon the sketch of Tucker would show. When it did turn up Tucker's eyes got big and he looked up at Specs. \"What is this?\" Tucker said slowly. \"Obviously crap if you're looking at it like that,\" Specs discouraged as he went for the sketchbook again. Tucker pulled away and looked it over again. He pushed it back in Specs' hands and gruffly said,\"Looks good. But ONLY 'cause I'm in it.\" Specs frowned. He thought Tucker would actually compliment him for once, but it was just another poke at his pride. They finished up with their scanning and went into the foyer where Mrs. Ackerly and Noah waited patiently for news. Any news. Specs broke it down to them slowly. Nothing was, at all, paranormal about their house. Tucker's scanners didn't pick anything up and if Elise were here, she probably wouldn't have seen anything. They were thanked for their time and escorted to the front door. Specs apologized to Mrs. Ackerly once again. \"Do you mean it?\" Specs asked a few hours after they went back to 'headquarters'. Tucker looked up from his pizza and at Specs. He scrunched his eyebrows as he wiped away the sauce from the corner of his mouth. \"Specs, your doodles are good. I only say those things to tease you,\" Tucker said truthfully. Specs frowned. \"Not that. I mean about th-\" \"Did anything turn up?\" Elise said as she entered the small kitchen area. \"No,\" Tucker said. \"Nothing.\" \"That's a shame. Their story was so believable.\" Elise walked over to the coffee pot and poured some in a cup. Tucker looked back at Specs, but found him with his head down and scribbling out different faces. Elise sipped her coffee gingerly and sighed contently. Tucker's foot was tapping on the ground. He was itching to find out what Specs was about to say. Elise paced around the kitchen and Tucker watched Specs drawing furiously. The next picture he drew was of himself with erratic scribbling all around his head. He thought maybe that was how Specs was feeling right now. When Elise finally rinsed her mug out and left Tucker turned back to Specs. \"Well?\" Tucker asked quickly. Specs stopped and peeked at Tucker. \"It's nothing.\" \"You were about to tell me your feelings, weren't you?\" And a big grin spread across Tucker's face. \"No I ju-\" \"You totally were!\" \"Nevermind. I was about to tell you, but nevermind.\" Tucker's smirk was gone and he wasn't about to let the subject be dropped just like that. He grabbed the sketchbook out from under Specs. Specs huffed and crossed his arms across his chest. Tucker raised his eyebrows as if saying 'I'm waiting'. \"You're always teasing me, Tucker, and I don't know how to take it.\" \"I'll stop,\" Tucker said simply. \"No, I mean, what are your intentions? I don't care if you do it.\" Specs got up from the table and walked around to stand in front of Tucker. Tucker fell silent as Specs sat on the table. \"I just need to know,\" Specs finished in a whisper. \"Do you like me as much as I like you?\" \"Sure. If you still want, I can take your virginity,\" Tucker chuckled. Specs rolled his eyes and scoffed,\"You're impossible. Can't be serious for five min-\" That's when Tucker sealed his lips over Specs'. Specs eyes were giant saucers and Tucker's scruffy beard scratched against his face. Tucker's tongue entered Specs' mouth and he moaned at the act. A hand came around to the back of Specs' head and pulled him into Tucker's lap. He didn't resist, but made a startled noise when it happened. And as soon as it happened, they pulled away for breath. \"Damn.\" Specs' heart was racing and he sat lopsided on Tucker's lap. His arms encircled Tucker's neck and he chuckled contently. Their foreheads were resting against one another. \"How's that for an answer?\" Tucker said with a quirk of his eyebrows. \"Ditto,\" Specs panted out. ","Summary":" They were working on there latest case. Specs and Tucker were setting up their, mostly Tucker's, eq"},{"Movie":"One Special Night","Title":"WANTED:  A New Year","Author":"RevSue","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2750499","Passage":"[Chapter 1] WANTED:rn A New Year Disclaimer:rn I don't own any of these characters, and I make no money from thisrnwork of fiction. Catherinernpoured herself a cup of coffee in the doctor's lounge and, taking arntentative sip, grimaced then walked to the window and stared out thernwindow, registering that it was snowing again, but not really seeingrnwhat was outside. Instead, her mind was back at the small cabin ...rnwith Robert. She still found it hard to believe that he had actuallyrnBOUGHT the place two weeks before Christmas, and had spent hoursrnworking on it. When they had arrived at the cabin yesterday morning,rnChristmas morning, rather than unlocking the door as a 'normal'rnperson would have, Robert had kept her in the dark as to hisrnownership, and instead, had re-created their first visit and hadrnbroken a window at the back to get in. Afterrnshe had realized that this cabin was the holiday home he had said hernhad purchased, Robert had taken her in his arms and asked if shernbelieved in second chances. He had felt so good — so warm, sornstrong – then he had kissed her with an intensity that had shakenrnher. Kissing him was heaven. Unambiguous heaven. There had notrnbeen simple friendship in that kiss. It was mostly want, and needrn... and belonging. She allowed herself to relive those first momentsrnin her mind. Catherinernfelt the hard planes and surfaces of Robert's body, his heartrnthundering in his chest, the heat of his skin through his shirt. Forrnonce in her life, she didn't hit the brakes and stop. Robertrndragged his mouth from hers, then breathed huskily in her ear, \"Stay,rnCatherine. Stay with me for Christmas.\" \" Therernare a thousand reasons I shouldn't ...\" but Catherine was havingrntrouble coming up with even one. She was being seduced by his warmthrnand strength ... and by the passion of his kisses. \" Irnlaid in a supply of peanut butter and jelly,\" he tried briberyrnnext, kissing his way along her jawbone then capturing her lips withrnhis once more. Whenrnshe could speak again, Catherine asked breathlessly, \"Peanut butterrnand jelly for Christmas dinner?\" \" Mmm.rn Your specialty. I fell in love with it on Thanksgiving Day ... notrnto mention the wonderful woman who introduced me to that delectablerntreat.\" Catherinerntrembled. \"You ... fell in love?\" She couldn't believe he wasrnactually saying it. Oh, she had thought it, hoped it, dreamed it ...rnbut never really had thought it would ever happen after that horriblernSunday when he had not shown up for their pre-arranged breakfast atrnMurray's. \" Mmmhmmm.rn But I didn't want to admit it. I COULDN'T admit it, then, evenrnto myself.\" \" Robert,rnI ...\" his lips covered hers again, making it impossible for her tornspeak, let alone think. \" Sayrnyou'll stay with me, Catherine. Say you'll spend Christmas Dayrnhere with me.\" His caressing lips seduced her into compliance. \" Irnshould call ... my answering service ...\" she managed to murmur. Hernpulled back briefly, his eyes serious. \"You called before leavingrnthe hospital ... they said there was nothing pending, and wished yourna Merry Christmas. I'm sorry, but the phone here isn't hookedrnback up yet ... and, as you know, cell phones don't work here.rnWouldn't you have been informed if there WAS a situation pending?\" \" Well,rnyes ... and technically, I'm not on call anyway ...\" \" Well,rnthen ...\" When she did not resist him, he urged her forward intornhis arms again and kissed her once more. \"You are delicious,rnCatherine! I could live on your kisses alone ... Oh, I knew yournwould feel like this!\" Robertrnpinned her against the wall by the door, his body pressingrninsistently against hers. Catherine stifled a low moan at thernsensations rapidly spreading through her body. The encounter wasrndeliciously aggressive and unlike anything she had ever experiencedrnbefore. It had been so long since she had been with a man this way,rnso long since she had been the sole focus of a man's lust, and thernforce of Robert's desire thrilled her. She found it hard tornbelieve that her feelings were so strong now. Was it just becausernshe had not been kissed in months or was it something about Robertrnhimself? Her heart racedrnand her mind spun and she returned his kisses passioinately. At last Robert ended the kiss and looked at her,rnhis face reflecting the same incredulity she felt. \" Oh,rnGod,\" Catherine muttered, ducking her head down, both amazed andrnembarrassed at her uncontrolled response to his kisses. \" Irnhope you mean that in a GOOD way,\" he quipped. Then, with a fastrnchange of topic that caught her off-guard, Robert said, \"Catherine,rnI have a surprise for you.\" \" Anotherrnsurprise? I ... I'm not sure I can take it ...\" She wasn'trneven sure of her own name at the moment! Herngrinned boyishly, leading her to the back door where he frowned atrnthe glass on the floor. \"Damn. I'll have to fix that windowrnsoon or we'll freeze in here. Now, Catherine, look out there ...\" Shernobediently looked out, then a smile broke over her face. \"It's arnhot tub!\" she exclaimed, delightedly. \"Oh, Robert, you put in arnhot tub!\" \" Lorirnand Jaclyn insisted,\" he grinned. \"Now, if you fall flat on yourrnface in the snow again, you can warm up out there instead of having arnshower ... then we won't even have to think of the movie Psycho!\" Catherinernchuckled, but the mention of his daughters had brought a shadow tornher eyes. \"Robert, we have to talk,\" she said. \" Irnknow, but I don't want to do it yet. Let me get this glass sweptrnup and the board put back over this window ... then we can talk inrnthe hot tub. You ARE staying, aren't you?\" Shruggingrnhelplessly, Catherine smiled crookedly. \"Since your truck is inrnthe ditch, I guess I have no choice. I can't WALK out of here, canrnI?\" \" That'srnmy girl!\" he pressed another hard kiss on her lips, then got thernbroom and dustpan leaning on the wall by the broken window. \"See?rnI was prepared.\" \" Mustrnhave been a Boy Scout in your youth,\" Catherine commented lightly.rn\"Robert, I STILL don't know why you didn't use the key if yournown the place now.\" \" Morernfun this way. Tradition, and all that. Especially on Christmas Day,rntradition is important, don't you think? I'm sure I have somernmistletoe hanging about here somewhere ...\" \"CATHERINE!\"rnWilliam's voice brought her out of her reverie, and she spun aroundrnto see her friend, her face on fire as she frantically wondered if herncould read her thoughts. What Robert had done to her under thernmistletoe was far too personal and delightful to share! ButrnWilliam's glare made it obvious he wasn't concerned with herrnthoughts. \"Where have you been? Marina kept supper for you lastrnnight ... we tried to phone ... we even drove over to your place tornsee if you were unconscious in the house or along the river pathrnwhere you normally walk! I didn't see a vehicle in your parkingrnspot ...\" \"Oh,rnWilliam, I'm so sorry!\" Catherine didn't want to say she hadrncompletely forgotten her invitation to her friends' place forrnChristmas dinner, but the truth was that she had. \"Ro ... ah, arnfriend dropped me off ...\" \"Somethingrnwrong with your SUV?\" \"No.rn At least, I don't think so. But it SHOULD have been in thernparking lot. I left it there yesterday morning. What could havernhappened to it?\" \"Irnheard this morning that it was towed away yesterday.\" \"What?\" \"Anyrnvehicle abandoned in the parking lot is towed after two a.m.,rnespecially when it's snowing and they need to clear the lot. Irnunderstand no one could get in touch with you from here, either,rnsince they phoned ME in the night. There was an emergency. Yournshould have left your number, or at least checked in, Catherine. Arnbaby died last night, you know. YOU might have been able to savernhim.\" Catherinernpaled. \"Oh, God, no!\" \"WherernWERE you?\" William asked again. \"Wait, don't tell me. Let mernguess. You were with HIM, weren't you? Woodward? RobertrnWoodward? Wasn't it him who called you in for his daughter onrnChristmas Eve?\" \"Whatrnbaby died?\" Catherine forced herself to ask through stiff lips,rnignoring William's questions. If a baby had died because she hadrngiven into her own selfish desires for her own pleasure, she wouldrnnever forgive herself! Williamrnmade a dismissive gesture. \"It doesn't matter. Catherine ...\" \"Doesn'trnMATTER? What do you mean? Of course it matters! We're doctors!\" \"Herncame way too early. They tried calling you, even though you weren'trnon call, because they knew he'd be having heart and lung problems.rnI don't think even YOU could have saved him. No one is blamingrnyou. I'm sorry I even mentioned it.\" Now William lookedrnsheepish. \"Butrnyou did, William. Why?\" \"Catherine,rnwe were concerned about you! Especially after hearing that the lastrntime you were seen was with Woodworth! He might have been an axernmurderer, for all we knew!\" \"RobertrnWOODWARD,\" she corrected quietly. \"I don't understand.\" \"Hisrndaughters said you were with him yesterday morning. You both wentrndown to his truck for a few minutes because he had something to showrnyou. His son-in-law was looking out the window, and saw you both getrninto his vehicle and leave ... and you both disappeared without arnword to anyone as to your destination! No one could find either onernof you! Then you walk unconcernedly back into work this morning, andrnexpect us not to be WORRIED?\" His voice rose in his agitation.rnSpeaking in a low, intense voice, he leaned closer to her. \"Hisrndaughters told me you spent the night with that man at Thanksgivingrn... how could you betray Tom like that? Just one short year afterrnhis death! Then, from what I gather, this fellow's son-in-lawrnbrought you home the next morning and you were waving money in thernair – moonlighting?\" Catherine gasped and jerked back inrnoutrage, but William gripped her upper arms to hold her still andrncontinued talking rapidly. \"I'm sorry, Catherine, but this needsrnto be said. His wife died that weekend, did you realize THAT? Didrnyou even CARE? What hold does he have over you? When his daughterrnand son-in-law called you Christmas Eve, you came right away, evenrnthough you were not on call! Not only that, but yesterday, CHRISTMASrnMORNING, you again disappear with that man for yet another day andrnnight! I don't like it, Catherine. Not one bit. No wonder yournwere asking me all those strange questions at the Christmas partyrnhere about women and how they look interested in a man, or on thernmake! Well, if you've decided to play the loose woman, and yourrnscruples are low enough that you'll spend the night with a manrnwhile his wife is dying, that's your business, but don't you havernany respect for TOM'S memory? Really, Catherine, how COULD yournhave just toddled off with that man? You have only known him for onernMONTH! Unless you met other times, you've only seen the man threerntimes at the most! I thought better of you than ...\" Justrnthen the door opened, and a nurse came in, stopping abruptly when shernsaw the two of them standing so close together. \"Dr. Howard ...rnOH! Sorry!\" and she left hurriedly, slamming the door afterrnherself. Catherinernbelatedly snapped out of her stunned, disbelieving trance and torernherself out of William's grasp. \"How DARE you, William? Whatrnright have you ...?\" Inwardly she raged at the fact that the nursernwould surely be gossiping about her and William. If she hadn'trnbeen so furious with him already for his insinuations, she'd havernblown her top at him putting her in such a position with theirrncolleagues at the hospital. \"Thernright of an old friend. Catherine, this isn't like you. It'srntoo fast! How well do you know each other, after all? You're bothrnbeing caught on the rebound. I'm sure if you think about this ...\" \"William,\"rnCatherine put up her hand to stop him, speaking slowly andrndeliberately, trying not to scream hysterically and fighting the urgernto scratch his eyes out. \"No more about this, please. This isrnnone of your business, not even as a friend. I must say, I do notrnappreciate your comments.\" She felt almost proud of her calmrnexterior. \"I am very sorry I did not let Marina and you know thatrnI couldn't come for supper last night, but I did not have access torna telephone or a vehicle until this morning. Now, if you'll excusernme, I have work to do.\" She walked past him, throwing out herrncoffee and leaving the cup in the sink before heading out the door,rnshaking internally but showing outward poise and control. Inwardly,rnher thoughts were spinning ... how could she have forgotten herrninvitation to Marina and William's? Could she have saved the babyrnlast night? What must Robert's girls have thought of hisrndefection, and on Christmas Day? How could William have said suchrnthings about Robert, not to mention about HER? Worst of all, thernthings William had said were all now coming back to her, questionsrnshe had asked herself during the last month. WAS she on the reboundrnfrom Tom's death, searching for any relationship to get back to thernhappiness she used to know? Was Robert? It was barely a month sincernMary Beth had died ... was Robert using her to assuage his pain? Catherinernducked into the ladies' room and splashed cold water on her face.rnStaring into the mirror, seeing the drops of water sliding down herrnface, she was drawn reluctantly back to yesterday afternoon which shernhad spent 'cavorting' with Robert in the hot tub. They never HADrngotten around to talking about the future of their relationship, notrnonce in those long, lovely hours both in the hot tub and later on therncouch in front of the fire ... \"Oh,rnRobert,\" she whispered now, staring at her pale face in the mirror.rn \"What have we done?\" \"Dr.rnHoward, O.R. Dr. Howard, O.R., please,\" Shernwas being paged. Resolutely turning her thoughts from her personalrnlife, Catherine strode out of the washroom and down the hall, oncernagain fully professional. Xrnx X x ... To be continued ...[Chapter 2] PartnTwo Itnhad been a long, exhausting day, what with her argument with William,nhearing more about the baby who had died, and two emergency surgeriesnon newborns with heart problems, one of which tragically wasnunsuccessful. The only good part of the day was that she hadnsuccessfully avoided any more meetings with William. As Catherinenstumbled out of the hospital into the dark night, heartsick andnhoping vaguely to find a taxi since she hadn't had time to trackndown her SUV, a figure detached itself from the shadows and took hernarm. It was Robert. Catherine stared at him mutely. \"Hello,ndarling,\" he said, softly, his concerned gaze travelling over hernface. \"Looks like you had a tough day.\" \"Hello,nRobert.\" she tried to smile, but it was wavery. \"Yes, it wasnhard ...\" her voice trailed away. Hentook hold of the edges of her winter coat, which, as usual, werenflapping in the cold wind. \"You should do up your coat BEFOREngoing outside, you know! Didn't your mother teach you anything?\"n Carefully he did up the buttons, and Catherine remained motionlessnas he drew her closer and, his lips at her ear, said in a low,nseductive voice, his hands warm on her shoulders, \"Let me take younback to the cabin, and you'll be fixed up in no time. I know justnhow to help you relax.\" Catherinentrembled, agonizing over whether or not she should go with him. Oh,nshe wanted to, there was no question about that, but SHOULD she ...?n Then William was walking past them, his accusing look burning intonher, although he didn't say a word. Catherine watched him until hendisappeared, then looked back at Robert. \"Oh, Robert, I ... I ...\" \"Please?'n Robert spoke humbly. It was a definite change from hisnchauvinistic, curmudgeon attitude of last month! \"We can even stopnat Murray's to eat on the way. I won't subject you to mynmacaroni and cheese!\" \"Welln...\" She wavered. Robertnfrowned then. \"Maybe you should just quit your job if it's sonexhausting. I can afford to keep you. You don't need to work.\" Hernweariness momentarily forgotten, Catherine stared at himnincredulously. \"Quit? But I WANT to work! I love it! It wasnjust an especially hard day today. I don't need to retire for anlong time yet!\" \"Looknat you, you're exhausted! It's a thankless job most of the time,nyou told me that last night. So just quit! Tell them you have anbetter job offer!\" \"Andnwhat might that be?\" \"Mynwife.\" Ansilence fell. Then Catherine asked carefully, \"Are you asking mento marry you, Robert?\" \"Arenyou saying you WON'T marry me? After last night ... and the way wenwere together?\" \"Marriagenis much more than sex,\" she said, bluntly. \"Well,nyou're one always going on about your duties and responsibilities. nIf we were married, I would be your duty and responsibility!\" \"Don'tnbe ridiculous,\" she scoffed, unable to believe he was actuallynasking her to quit her job, and refusing to believe he was seriousnabout marriage. They hardly knew each other! Well, she amended tonherself, blushing faintly, they had gone a long way towards learningnabout one another's bodies over the twenty-four hour periodnyesterday! Obviously, however, they had more to learn about eachnother's minds! Robertnscowled at her. \"Ridiculous, am I? Funny how things change! Youndidn't appear to find me ridiculous last night when I was kissingnyou, and you were begging me to...\" \"HownDARE you?\" her hand flashed out, not wanting him to finish hisnsentence. She had heard more than enough along those lines fromnWilliam earlier. MEN! Robertncaught her hand before it struck his face, and glared at her. \"Can'tndo without violence, Doctor?\" he taunted her. \"Maybe yesterdaynyou just wanted a good time and to hell with everything else? Like anlot of other widows, now that you've been momentarily satisfied,nyou don't need me anymore! Is that it?\" \"Robert!\"nshe gasped, pain knifing through her. He couldn't believe thatnabout her ... could he? How could he SAY something like that to her?n Maybe she didn't know him as well as she had thought she did! \"Thenworst of it is, I STILL am ready to do anything for you!\" Withoutnwarning, Robert was kissing her – hard, punishing kisses. Forna moment Catherine resisted and struggled for freedom, but then herndesire for him won out, and she entwined her arms around his neck andngave herself to him fully. She DID know him ... he couldn'tnpossibly believe that she had just been using him! The instant shenkissed him back, his lips gentled. Thennhe was brokenly apologizing between deep, drugging kisses. \"God,nCatherine, I'm sorry. I'm so, so sorry. I should never havendone or said such a thing. I don't believe it for a moment. I'venbeen out of my mind today, just thinking about you, dreaming aboutnyou, longing to be with you. Catherine, I love you. I want you fornmy wife, so that the entire world knows I love you. Please,nCatherine ... love me, too. That's all I'm asking. Love me. nMarry me. Please, Catherine ...\" \"Oh,nRobert ...\" Catherine sighed, disengaging herself at last. Shendidn't want to even think about why he had spoken as he had. Maybenhis daughters had been talking to him the way William had talked tonher? At any rate, she was not feeling up to dealing with thensituation tonight. \"I'm tired, and tonight is just not a goodntime for a discussion like this ... OR a fight!\" \"I'mnsorry again. I don't know why we are fighting! It's ridiculous!n I don't want to fight with you, Catherine. I'd far rather makenlove to you.\" Whennhe attempted to kiss her again, she evaded him, saying softly,n\"Please, Robert, don't. Listen, my vehicle has been towed away,nso could I ask you to take me home?\" \"Homento the cabin?\" he asked hopefully. \"The hot tub is ready ... younknow how relaxed that made us yesterday!\" \"Homento MY house. Robert, really, this ... relationship ... is moving toonfast for me! Yes, the time we spent at the cabin, and in the hotntub, was WONDERFUL, don't get me wrong! I admit I have missed,nwell, intimacy ... but ... I need time to THINK, and we need tontalk!\" \"Hownabout if I promise that tonight we will just talk, and no sex? nREALLY!\" Robert asked bluntly, a pleading look on his face. \"Whilenwe're in the hot tub?\" Catherine raised an elegant eyebrow. n\"Really just talk?\" Hengrinned sheepishly. \"I might be able to do it ... If you insistn... although it's much more fun to leave the talking and foolnaround first ...\" \"Exactly.n Which is why I shouldn't come. Maybe we should talk over thenphone if we can't keep our hands off each other!\" Hentrailed a finger down her cheek. \"I like touching you. And therenare still so many ways I want to touch you, Catherine. So many, manynways ...\" Catherinenclosed her eyes for a moment, fighting her strong urge to give in tonhim, to go with him for another night ... for another week ...nanother year ... forever! Henbegged softly, \"Catherine, please ...\" \"Robert,nI am sweaty, tired and very cranky ...\" she warned him, staring atnhim and willing him to understand her reluctance. \"Soundsnsexy to me,\" he grinned unrepentantly. \"Injust want to shower and ...\" \"Incould wash your back!\" he broke in again. \"Inwant to shower ALONE! In my own house. Please?\" her voice wasnsmall for the last word, and he suddenly realized she was serious. \"God,nCatherine, what am I thinking? Of course I'll take you home, ifnyou insist. Contrary to my behaviour yesterday, I am not anninsatiable sex maniac!\" \"Andnthat's another reason we have to talk ...\" \"Younthink I AM a sex maniac?\" he questioned. Seeing her expression, henheld up his hands in surrender. \"All right, all right. I'llntake you home. YOUR home. And leave you there. Alone. But I justnwant to register my complaint. I'd rather not follow your wishes. nOh, and I should tender the verbal invitation I've been sent tongive you, before I forget. Lori wants you to come for New Year'snEve. It'll just be family.\" \"Shenasked especially for me to come?\" Catherine asked, surprised. Henshrugged. \"I might have suggested it and she agreed,\" he saidncarelessly. \"Same thing.\" Ohndear. Catherine was afraid of that. \"I might have to work, sincenI had Christmas Day off. We'll see,\" she said diplomatically. nShe knew she was off duty, but it was a good way to stall until shenthought of a better excuse. If necessary, she just might trade withnwhoever was on call that night, and she WOULD work! Robertngrinned. \"I hope you don't mean 'no' the way Mary Bethnalways meant when she said 'we'll see' to the girls!\" Mercifully,nat that point they reached his truck and Catherine didn't have tonanswer. Oncenin the truck, the warmth, the comfortable seat and the soft music,nfrom the CD which she vaguely recognized as being the one she hadnplayed for him the first time they had met, all conspired to sendnCatherine into a deep sleep. She was unaware of the fact that Robertndrove a couple of times around the block, then sat in the truck withnher in her driveway for almost an hour before attempting to awakennher. Shenwas having wonderful dreams about being with Robert at the cabin, andnwhen she felt light kisses on her face and his voice murmuring, \"Wakenup, Sleeping Beauty\", she opened her eyes languidly and smilednsoftly at him. \"Mmmm, Robert ...\" Hisnlips feathered across her cheek and she turned slightly to makenaccess to her mouth easier. Their kisses deepened, the spark ofndesire fanned to hot flame once again. Their breathing quickened tongasps and pants. Suddenly a light came on outside and confusedlynthey broke apart. The truck windows were all steamed up, and it wasnthe porch light that was casting a bright light. \"Don'tntell me your father is in there, turning the light on to tell younthat you've spent too long out here!\" Robert stared at her,nlooking faintly and boyishly guilty. Catherine'snbreathing slowed enough for her to say, \"The porch light is on antimer and comes on automatically.\" \"Younknow, it has been a long time since I necked with my girl in the carnor on the porch until her father had to turn on the light to warn menoff!\" \"Thanknyou for the ride home,\" Catherine said, smoothing her hand down hisncheek. \"I have to go in.\" \"I'llncall you tomorrow,\" he promised, and she nodded briefly beforengetting out of the truck. She opened the front door, then turned andnwatched as he backed away, blinking the lights before heading offndown the street. Closingnand locking the door behind herself, Catherine leaned against it forna moment, trying to get a feel of the house again. It seemed so longnsince she had been here! After hanging up her coat, she went toncheck her messages, but the only ones were from the emergency callsnthe night before which William had told her about. Catherinengrimaced at the thought of her colleague. Her vague, previouslynunacknowledged distrust of him had crystalized today. Now shenremembered that Tom had teased her once about William liking hern'that' way. She had forgotten the remark, probably deliberately,nbecause Marina was a very good friend. Well, maybe she was wrong. nShe was overwrought and tired after having had very little sleep forna long time. Maybe she had read far more into William's words andnactions than were really there. She certainly hoped so. William andnMarina had been her strength and support for the first few monthsnfollowing Tom's death. She hated to think that had changed becausenof Robert. Afterna hot shower, Catherine collapsed into bed, thinking she would gonright to sleep – but that didn't happen. Somehow, she didn'tnseem to FIT in the bed. It was too big, too empty. Oh, it wasncomfortable enough, and wasn't lumpy and narrow like the couch lastnnight ... but there was no Robert beside her. Robert's kisses camento mind, and she vividly remembered the night before which she hadnspent in his arms... Catherine rolled over and thumped her pillow. n\"It's lust!\" she said out loud, defiantly. \"I can'tnpossibly be in love with him! It's much too soon!\" Onnthe other hand, what if it wasn't too soon? What if it wasn't ansimple case of lust between them? What if their love was real? Itncertainly wasn't beyond the realm of possibility! If she were tonagree to marry him, what would his children think? Their mother hadnbeen gone only a month! How could she and Robert ask them to acceptnher when, even if she wasn't trying to replace their mother inntheir hearts, Catherine certainly was replacing her in their father'snbed! Gettingnup, Catherine made her way to the kitchen to heat some milk in thenmicrowave. Maybe some hot chocolate would relax her enough to sleep.n Waiting for it to warm, she wandered into the living room andntrailed her fingers over the few pictures of Tom she still had out. nDear Tom. What would HE think about this ... mess, for want of anbetter word? Somehow, Catherine just KNEW that Tom would be happynfor her to have found love again. He had said as much, in thosenlong, final months of his illness. She had scoffed at him at thentime, and, until meeting Robert, had had no intentions of evernfalling in love again. She sank into a chair, staring at the picturenof Tom she held in her hand, remembering ... After a long time ofntumbled but lovely memories, Catherine realized she was simply toonexhausted to think any more. Shenwent back to bed, and, after tossing and turning for another hour,nremembered the milk she had put in the microwave. She couldn'tneven make herself a hot chocolate without trouble! Deciding itnwasn't worth getting up for, and hoping she would remember to takenit out of there in the morning, Catherine again thumped the pillownand determinedly shut her eyes ... at last falling into an uneasynsleep. TonBe Continued[Chapter 3] Partn3 Thenphone rang early the next morning. Catherine groaned as she rollednover and groped for it on her bedside table. \"Hello?\" she said,nrather groggily. \"Hello!n Rise and shine, oh beautiful one!\" came Robert's cheerful voice. Collapsingnback on her pillows, Catherine found herself smiling. Running hernhand through her tousled hair, she said, \"I don't FEEL verynbeautiful. What time is it?\" \"6:30.n And it's supposed to be a LOVELY day!\" \"Asknher, Grandpa!\" She heard a small voice speaking urgently in thenbackground. \"Michaelnand I want to know if you will go for chocolate chip pancakes tonMurray's for breakfast this morning.\" Robert obliged his youngngrandson and asked. \"Oh,nRobert, I would love to, but ...\" \"Wendon't take excuses, do we, Michael?\" \"NO!\"nshe heard Michael shouting. \"Instill don't have a vehicle,\" Catherine said. \"I have no way ofngetting there unless I phone a taxi ...\" \"Thentaxi is sitting in your driveway, awaiting your pleasure, my lady!\"nRobert said cheerfully, and Michael giggled. \"Just look out yournwindow!\" Catherinenclimbed out of bed and stumbled to the other room to peer out thenwindow ... and heard Michael yelling, \"There's the doctor lady,nGrandpa! I see her! That's her, isn't it?\" She could see thensmall boy bouncing around in the front seat of the truck, andnpointing up at the window, then waving madly. \"Okay, Robert ...ngive me a minute ... and thank you!\" Hangingnup, Catherine began a mad dash to get ready for her day, beginningnwith a date for breakfast with two wonderful gentlemen. Thankful hernhair only took a bit of dampening to have it fall into place nicely,nshe dressed hurriedly, grabbed her purse and checked to be sure herncell phone was in it, then was out the door, still struggling to putnher arm in her coat. Robertnmet her on the walk and helped her finish putting it on, ignoring hernindignant retort that she could dress herself, then saying, \"Wenboth know that's not true, Catherine. I have yet to see you withnyour coat done up.\" Then he opened the door of the truck for hernwith a flourish, and Michael beamed up at her as she slid in besidenhim. \"Younlike Murray's pancakes, too?\" he asked her. \"Yes,nI do. Very much. I hadn't tried them until your grandfather toldnme about them, though.\" Catherine's eyes met Robert's as he gotnin behind the wheel. \"Ournfavourite breakfast, isn't it?\" Robert grinned at Michael. Whennthey entered the restaurant, Murray himself came to meet them. \"Mr.nWoodward! Michael! I'm so glad to see you both again. It hasnbeen a long, long time. My condolences, Mr. Woodward, on the passingnof your wife.\" \"Thanknyou, Murray,\" Robert's eyes appeared shadowed to Catherine'snquick look, but then Murray was taking her hands. \"Dr.nHoward, nice to have you back with us!\" Murray's eyes went fromnone to the other, then he peered at Catherine and asked archly,n\"Might I ask, Dr. Howard, if Robert is the friend you were waitingnfor the last time you were in here?\" \"Asna matter of fact, yes,\" Catherine murmured, her face flushingnslightly at the memory of that morning in November when she had beennso buoyed with excitement at the thought of seeing Robert andnwondering what he would think of the small changes in her appearancen... then how miserable she had been as she had sat there alone,nconvinced she was the subject of many commiserating looks, when henhad not shown up. Her eyes met Robert's again, and somethingnpassed between them, although neither could put a finger on whatnexactly it had been. Was it a meeting of the minds or souls ... anshared memory ... a regret both felt? ThennMichael was saying, \"We came back for more chocolate chip pancakes,nMr. Murray, and we brought the lady doctor with us because she gavenme a baby sister for Christmas!\" \"Isnthat right? Isn't that nice!\" Murray beamed at the three ofnthem, then ushered them to a table in the back. \"In that case,nyoung man, I think you should have a complimentary plate of pancakesnto celebrate!\" \"Whatndoes that mean?\" Michael asked. \"Free!\"nhis grandfather whispered loudly. Then he shook Murray's hand. n\"Thank you, Murray!\" Catherinensat across the table from Robert and Michael, noting the easyncamaraderie between the two, and was very, very glad that she hadnagreed to come with them. \"So, tell me, Michael, how IS littlenMary Beth?\" she asked, putting her scarf and gloves on the seatnbeside her and shrugging her coat off. Michaelnwrinkled his nose a bit and sipped the milk Murray had broughtnwithout being asked. \"She sleeps a whole lot still.\" Catherinennodded gravely. \"That's what tiny babies do for the first fewndays of their lives. It's pretty hard work being born, and theynhave to rest up! Little Mary Beth will probably sleep most of thentime for about three weeks, but then, about the time she should havenbeen born, look out!\" Michaelngrimaced, then said importantly, \"Well, I was in my mommy's tummynfirst. And before that, I was a twinkle in Daddy's eye. He saidnso. But after I was borned, and Daddy's eye twinkled again, MarynBeth started waiting in Mommy's leg until it was her time to movento the tummy to start to grow ...\" He looked up as Murray put anlarge plate of pancakes in front of him, and grinned widely beforenattacking his food. Robertnchuckled. \"You'd think he never eats at home. He's too busynlistening to what is going on between his parents.\" Catherinensmiled and said in an undertone, \"He's a dear boy, Robert. Younmust be very, very proud of him.\" \"Oh,nI am. But he has a long way to go if he hopes to be a pediatrician!\" WhennMichael had taken the edge off his appetite, he swallowed hisnmouthful then asked Catherine, \"Do YOU have any kids?\" Catherinensensed that Robert tensed up at the question, and, although her smilendimmed a little, she touched his arm reassuringly before sayingngently to Michael, \"No, my dear. I don't have any children orngrandchildren.\" Then her smile grew to encompass them both. \"Butnthat's a good reason to keep making new friends, isn't it?\" \"Yup.n I can be yours too, if you want. I like you. Can we come herentogether again for breakfast? I'm going to work this week lotsnwith Grandpa.\" Notnwanting to refuse Michael, she hesitated only a moment beforenshrugging and saying, \"Well, if I don't get a better invitation,nI'll think about it.\" Afternapplying himself assiduously to his food for a minute or two, Michaelnasked Catherine suddenly.\"Do you really like kissing?\" Catherinenstared at him. Robert nudged him. \"You don't ask questions likenthat!\" \"Whynnot? I just want to know.\" Michael pouted. \"Daddy said we havento ask questions if we want to know.\" Gently,nCatherine explained, \"I guess you're not supposed to ask somenquestions because it's not polite when you don't know people verynwell.\" Thenboy sighed. \"Or if the people are older than you,\" he spoke asnif repeating an oft-heard sentence. \"I'm sorry. I sorta forgotnyou were old. I guess I wouldn't mind if you kissed me, sometimes.n I like you.\" Catherinenlaughed even as Robert winced. \"Thank you,\" she said, her eyesndancing. \"I like you, too, Michael.\" \"AndnGrandpa?\" Catherine'snbreath caught for a moment, and Robert's eyes sought hers. Unablento look away, Catherine said quietly, \"Yes, I like your grandfatherntoo.\" \"Lots?\"nMichael persisted. \"Lots,\"nconfirmed Catherine softly. Robert'sneyes lit up at her confession, and his hand covered hers on thentable. \"Ohnno, you're not going to start kissing NOW, are you?\" Michaelncried, horrified. \"No.\"n Catherine pulled her hand free and pushed her plate away. \"No,nwe're not, because I'm afraid that I have to get to work.\" Michaelnfinished his last mouthful and drained his glass of milk. Robert,nlooking faintly embarrassed, finished his coffee and took the bill. nCatherine and Michael followed him to the till, then, when they werengoing out the door, Michael took Catherine's hand and held on tonit, and Robert's arm slid around her waist. A warmth grew insidenher at the touch of the child's hand, and glancing at Robert,nwelcoming his touch, she fell in love with him all over again. Onnthe way to the hospital, Catherine again remembered her SUV and shenasked Robert if he could possibly find time today to check to seenwhere it might have been towed. \"I usually forget about thingsnlike that when I'm busy,\" she explained, shamefacedly. \"Notna problem. Michael and I will track it down for you,\" Robert said,nand Michael nodded emphatically. Promisingnto be waiting outside at 5 o'clock, and to come in to check on hernwhereabouts if she wasn't there, Robert dropped Catherine off atnthe front door of St. Mary's Hospital and she walked in, stillnwrapped in the warm glow of having spent some time with a delightfulnchild and the man she loved. Thingsnwere not too busy in the morning, so Catherine continued to thinknabout Robert on and off. He seemed to have backed off pushing her tonmarry him, but she had felt his eyes still begging her silently tonlove him. This was ridiculous! Why was she hesitating? Why did shencare what other people might think? Going into the staff lounge forna coffee to boost her flagging energy, Catherine again was accostednby William. \"Catherine,nI believe you owe Marina an explanation and a personal apology ... Intold her you had forgotten about coming to spend Christmas with us.\" Catherinenfrowned. \"I didn't exactly FORGET, William. I had no way ofncontacting you!\" \"Well,nall will be forgiven when you come over on New Year's Eve.\" \"Oh,nWilliam, I don't ...\" \"Now,nnow, Catherine, we're not going to take no for an answer this time.n You know you ALWAYS have spent New Year's Eve with us. Marinanwill be crushed if you don't come. Besides, you don't havenanything ELSE planned, do you?\" \"Actually,nI DO have an invitation ...\" Catherine sipped at her coffee,nwishing she had finished it and left before William arrived in thenlounge. \"Tellnme, Catherine, is from THAT MAN?\" Shentossed her head and said, \"That is none of your business, William!\"nShe was tired of being treated as if she couldn't possibly think ornmake decisions for herself. \"Tomnwould want me to MAKE it my business! You don't actually thinknyou're in love with him, do you? Or think that he is in love withnyou? That's LUST, Catherine! LUST! Men like that are only afternone thing! I saw the way he was pawing you last night, don't thinknI missed it! In this case, the only thing he wants is your body!\" nWilliam's heated stare swept down her body, a hungry look comingninto his eyes, and Catherine shivered inside. FromnWilliam's look, she knew her feelings from yesterday and Tom'snteasing had been right. William DID want her. It made her slightlynsick to think of Marina, sitting innocently at home, not suspectingnher husband's perfidy. Just then, a couple of nurses came in,nlaughing and talking excitedly. William left without another glancenat Catherine. Carefully she washed her cup, exchanged a fewnpleasantries with the nurses, then departed ... but inwardly she wasnshaking. This was simply too much to absorb. It was too soon afternthe sweet interlude with Robert at Christmas to accept the turmoilnwhich followed her return to work. SomehownCatherine managed to get through the day. William, it appeared, hadnbeen called to a conference, so had left early that afternoon. nKnowing he wasn't in the hospital at all made it easier fornCatherine to relax and enjoy her work with the babies again. Whennshe went outside at five o'clock, Robert and Michael were waitingnfor her, and Jaclyn was in the front seat. AlthoughnJaclyn made a move to let Catherine have her seat, Catherine smilednand demurred. \"I'll sit with Michael in the back.\" she said. n\"I'm getting out first, anyway.\" \"Actually,\"nRobert turned to look at her, \"We were all hoping you could come tonour place for dinner.\" Catherinensensed Jaclyn's tensing and faint withdrawal and refused Robert'sninvitation gently, asking instead to be taken home, as she hadn'tnhad a good night and was too tired to be good company. Then shenasked if he had found out anything about her vehicle. \"Itnseems that your hospital friend supplied the towing company with yournaddress and met them there with the key.\" Robert reported. \"It'snin your own garage. They were surprised you hadn't seen it there,nOR that your friend hadn't mentioned it. They're quitenapologetic. I'd get on your supposed friend's case if I werenyou!\" \"Williamnjust told me it had been towed ... he never said a word about where!\"n Catherine was furious. Why had he made her think it had been towednto a pound? Well, she was not going to think about him ... notntonight. She'd tackle him tomorrow on the issue. ThankingnRobert for the ride when he pulled up in her driveway, Catherine bidngoodnight to Jaclyn and Michael, who asked her if she'd be comingnin the morning with them again. Smiling,nCatherine said obliquely, \"Well, I DO have my own vehicle There'snno need to burn your grandfather's gas, is there? Good night, andnthanks again for the lift, Robert.\" Thatnevening started out as a reproduction of the previous night. nCatherine thought about Tom, about their life together, about all thenthings she missed about him. She finally remembered the cup of milknin the microwave, and opened the appliance with some trepidation onlynto find it empty. Carol, her cleaning lady, must have found the milknfirst. As she restlessly roamed around her neat, empty house,nCatherine found herself missing the cabin ... and Robert. Collapsingnon a chair in the living room, Catherine allowed herself to rememberntheir Christmas, reliving every small detail, beginning with the kissnat the doorway of the cabin that morning. He had taken all of her,nhad possessed her, had driven her beyond any point of return, andnthen had taken her even further. Whennthe phone rang, she shot out of her chair with a gasp. Trying toncompose herself by breathing deeply, Catherine picked up the phone. nIt was Robert. Her heart rate shot up again. \"Hi,\"nhe said, softly. \"Am I disturbing you?\" \"Non... I'm just ... sitting here, thinking.\" \"MaynI ask what about?\" Catherinenhesitated, then sank back in the chair with a smile. Suddenly shenfelt daring, desirable, like someone completely different than hernpractical, scientific person. Speaking in a low, husky voice, shensaid, \"I'm thinking about you ... and me ... us ... re-living thenfantastic day you treated me to as the best Christmas in my life.\" \"Mmm.n And do you remember the first night? Thanksgiving?\" he askednseductively. \"Everynmoment.\" \"WhennI carried you in the house after we fixed the window ... I wanted tonkiss you then, Catherine. I so badly wanted to kiss you ...\" \"Inknow,\" she said. \"I wanted it, too. But I understood ...\" \"Itnwas just ... that was the first time I had ever wanted anyone othernthan Mary Beth. And I was still struggling with the fact that shenwas gone, even though her body was still here.\" \"Inknow,\" Catherine said again. \"Incarried you in the house, you looked so bemused when you said younhadn't been picked up since you were a child, and I wanted to kissnthose lips which trembled so delectably ...\" \"WhennI told you I couldn't have children, your words about saving onenspecial child were better than a kiss for me at that moment ... younkissed my soul, then. It was such a sweet, lovely thing to say ...\" \"Maybenthat child WILL be my grand-daughter, and maybe not, but in yournwork, you will always have that potential. Catherine, I love youn...\" \"Inremember you introducing yourself and saying we should know eachnother's names if we were going to sleep together. You shocked menso much, and that made me angry. I didn't want to feel ever again.n I didn't want to experience love only to lose again ...\" \"Inremember you when you came out of the shower, dressed in the plaidnrobe ... with your damp hair. I was horrified, because I was stillntrying to believe that Mary Beth would be coming home and I'd havenmy wife again, and here I was, attracted to another woman.\" \"Andnthen, when you threw away Tom's cigar because the smell made mencry, and told me about Mary Beth's shampoo, I wanted to kiss youn...\" \"Inwanted that, too, and almost murdered my own daughter and son-in-lawnwhen they came right then.\" \"Robert?\"nCatherine said, after a moment of silence. \"I do love you, too. nYou know that, don't you?\" \"Ofncourse,\" he said arrogantly. \"What's not to love?\" Then henlaughed, and his voice was seductive again. \"Catherine, are younthinking about marriage? Are you thinking of what it will be like tonbe together for the rest of our lives?\" \"Mmmhmmm,\"nshe sighed. Bynthe time Catherine got off the phone that night, she drifted off tonbed and had an excellent sleep. TonBe Continued[Chapter 4] Partn4 Whennshe peeked out her window early the next morning after getting out ofnher shower, Catherine saw Robert's truck parked in her driveway. nWondering if he was planning to phone her again to ask her tonbreakfast, she suddenly realized that the truck was not running, andnthat he appeared to be inside, slumped over the steering wheel. nSuddenly panic-stricken, Catherine pulled on her robe, stuffed hernbare feet into her boots, and ran out to check on him. Shenyanked open the driver's door, and he stirred and mumbled sleepily.n Catherine took a deep breath of the cold air, then asked furiously,n\"What the hell do you think you're doing SLEEPING out here? Inthought you had had a heart attack!\" Robertngrunted, then climbed out of the truck stiffly, flexing his fingersnand yawning as he stretched in the cold early morning. \"I didn'tnmean to fall asleep here ... sorry, Catherine. Actually, it occurrednto me not long after we got off the phone last night that your friendnwho had hidden your truck also had the key to your house. Now, Indon't know this guy, but it suddenly hit me that you were alone innthe house ... and a shiver went up my spine at the thought thatnsomeone who was angry enough at you to have your car towed and hiddennin your own garage was quite possibly warped enough to attack you innyour own house.\" \"William?n You thought WILLIAM ...?\" Catherine began to scoff at him, but atnthe memory of the look of lust in William's eyes yesterday, she bitnher tongue. She didn't want to believe that William would everndream of attacking her, but after yesterday ... Robertncontinued, \"So I decided I'd come over and keep watch. Yournlights were off and I figured you were asleep, so I didn't ring ...nthen I guess I fell asleep.\" Now he looked sheepish. \"Robert,nhe only has the key to the garage, not the house.\" Catherine saidngently. \"Since Tom got sick, William would come over or send hisnteenaged son over to shovel the driveway in the winter and cut thengrass in the summer.\" \"Cannwe go in the house and warm up and finish this discussion there?\"nRobert asked plaintively, blowing on his hands. Thatnwas when Catherine realized how very cold she was, standing outsidenand clad only in a thin silk dressing gown and boots. They hurriedninto the house, both shivering violently. Robert shook his head whennhe watched her kick off her boots and wrap her arms around her body,nmoving her hands rapidly up and down her arms. \"You really neednsomeone to look after you, don't you? That is NOT something tonwear out into the snow!\" Catherinenfound she couldn't say anything in her own defense. Instead, shenjust said, \"Robert, I'll just run and get ready or we'll bothnbe late for work. After all, I have responsibilities ...\" \"Blastnit, woman, so do I! Right now, one of them is YOU!\" Robertngrowled. Shenstiffened. \"I am NOT your responsibility. I am quite capable ofnlooking after myself! I should have known this ... relationshipnwouldn't work!\" \"Oh,nreally? Well, let me tell you ...\" he stopped. Taking a deepnbreath, he began to speak again, his hands taking hers and drawingnher closer. \"Catherine, I'm sorry. I know I'm out of line. Inlove you. I want the right to think of you as my responsibility. nHell, I'd be glad to have you consider me YOUR responsibility! Injust want to marry you and love you for the rest of our lives.\" Hernquick temper subsiding, Catherine leaned into him, asking softly, \"Donyou really think it's a good idea for us to marry, Robert? Yes, wenare good together physically. I don't think there's any questionnabout that. But what about your daughters? How do you think THEYnwill feel about this?\" \"Thisnis MY life, Catherine. They're living their own, they don't neednto live mine as well. Lori has Jeff and the children. Jaclyn hasnBrick ... at least, she did a month ago.\" \"BRICK?\"nCatherine repeated, amused. \"Is Brick a cat or dog?\" \"Hisnname might be Brock or something. I can never remember it, it'sntoo strange,\" he said impatiently. \"He's a male model, Inthink. Jaclyn's boyfriend. We've never met him, but Lori teasesnJac something fierce about him! Catherine, go get dressed before Inlose my mind and start trying to persuade you to marry me, or atnleast to let me make love to you ... right now ...\" his handnsmoothed down her back suggestively. Withna gasp, Catherine pulled herself out of his arms. Half-laughing, shensaid, \"You just can't leave this alone for a moment, can you?\" \"Nope.n I plan to keep bugging you persistently ... you know, like thenlittle drops of water in Chinese water torture ...\" \"I'llnbe back in a moment, you little drip ...\" Catherine couldn'tnresist. She evaded his sudden lunge for her with another chuckle andnhurried to her room. Justnwhen she had come back to the front foyer and found Robert dozing onnher living room couch, the phone rang. It was her cleaning lady,nasking if she was needed again for the next few days, or if it wouldnbe all right to leave things until the new year. She scoldednCatherine for leaving the milk in the microwave, and asked if shenwasn't sleeping again. Catherine said she was fine, thanked hernfor cleaning up after her in the kitchen, then said she would see hernnext year. When she hung up, she eyed Robert slumbering peacefully,nand said softly, not meaning to wake him if he was as deeply asleepnas he seemed, \"You can stay here and sleep if you wish.\" Hensmiled and, without opening his eyes, said, \"I'm not sleeping. nI'm just daydreaming about you. And me. Together. I'll get upnin a minute, when I'm finished my dream. I want to drive you tonwork, and I have to get to the construction site myself.\" \"Robert,nreally, I DO have a vehicle, now. There's no need for you to keepndriving me. I'll have you know I'm not grossly incompetent, andnI am more than capable of driving myself.\" \"Inknow that,\" he agreed with a sigh, standing up and stretchingnagain, \"but I want to spoil you. I want you to come to find thatnI am completely indispensable in your life\" Catherinenknew he had already become that! Then she stared at him in disbeliefnwhen he said that he had never known anyone so sexy and yet sonunaware of herself as a woman. Indignantly, she said, \"I am QUITEncomfortable with who I am and how I react with people and how peoplenreact to ME!\" \"Isnthat so?\" \"YES!n I am very much aware that I am a woman ...\" \"Anvery sexy woman?\" \"Oh,nRobert, you really need to get your eyes tested or your head examinednor SOMETHING!\" she shook her head reproachfully at him, but a faintnsmile creased her lips and she was inwardly very pleased at hisncompliments. \"Let'snnot start another argument, or I'll have to make love to you tonwin. Can we just get to work? I've got a long day coming up.\" Withoutnsaying a word, Catherine marched out to his truck and got in, sittingnthere with her arms folded and a slightly mutinous look on her face. nIgnoring her silence, Robert put on the CD while he drove. At lastnshe unbent enough to say, \"Thank you for getting MY music.\" Thennshe admitted with a faint laugh, \"I have a Sarah Vaughn CD now,ntoo.\" \"Inplan to be here when you get off – call me if something comes up.\"nRobert said as he drew up to the front entrance of the hospital. Hendidn't kiss her, but his parting look was as good as a kiss, andnCatherine strode into the hospital smiling and ready for anything. Laternthat morning, Catherine was surprised to get a phone call fromnMarina, asking if they could meet for lunch. Since she wasn't innthe middle of surgery or anything major, Catherine agreed, and thenfriends met at a restaurant across the street from the hospital. Asnthey greeted each other and started talking, Catherine realized thatnWilliam had been the one to urge Marina to meet her and to asknquestions. Wondering if whatever she said would later be reported tonWilliam, Catherine was somewhat guarded with her replies when it camento her whereabouts over Christmas, and if her new relationship wasnserious. Marinanlistened carefully, then seemed to understand some truths through thenevasions. She chewed thoughtfully, then swallowed and said,n\"Personally, I think that if you have found someone you think youncan love, someone who thinks you are wonderful and who loves you,ntoo, then I'd say you should go for it. It's really the rightnand the ONLY thing to do. I am SO happy for you! Do you thinknmarriage is in the future for you?\" Catherinenshrugged, quite non-committal at this point. Then she said, \"Oh,nby the way, I'm sorry, Marina. William told me you want me to comenfor New Year's Eve as well. I won't make it, I'm afraid.\" Marinanlooked a little surprised, then she said, \"I hope you are going outnwith your new friend. Actually, I had asked William if we could gonout this year instead of having anyone in ... he never answered. Inguess if he asked you over, that means he won't be taking me out.\"n She toyed with her coffee cup for a moment, then said slowly, notnlooking up, \"Catherine? Has William ever ... well ... said or donenanything that went ... beyond friendship? To you?\" Unsurenof what to say, Catherine said nothing. Marina looked up, and metnCatherine's eyes, and her own hardened. Quickly Catherinenexplained, \"He has never DONE anything ... and what he said, hensaid he was speaking out of ... friendship. Maybe I just took it thenwrong way.\" \"Ornmaybe he was speaking out of his obsession for you,\" Marina saidnslowly, her eyes still on Catherine's. \"Hisn... obsession?\" \"I'vensuspected for some time ... since before Tom died, and certainlynafterwards. Catherine, I don't believe that you were at all awarenof it, and William tried to laugh it off with me, but he was just sonfurious with you at Thanksgiving when you didn't come ... and younwere so changed after that, he kept saying. He would rage that younwere more remote, less dependent upon him, and he got angry with menwhen I asked why you should be dependent on him. Then you didn'tncome for Christmas ...\" \"Oh,nMarina, I ...\" Catherine struggled to find words. She was stillnvery angry with William, and it hurt her that Marina was the onenreally suffering. \"Well,nactually, I think it's probably just as well you can't make itnfor New Year's Eve because I'm not sure it's going to be thencelebration William hopes for!\" Thenlook on her face had Catherine realizing that William was in for thenfight of his life if he expected to keep his marriage intact. Havingnheard from Robert the story of Lori and Jeff's marriage, and havingnkept her opinion of Lori's about-face in the delivery room onnChristmas Eve to herself, Catherine just knew that Marina was not anpush-over, and that William would have to do some major grovellingnand make many, many changes in his life before Marina would allow himnback in HERS. Thenfriends parted with hugs, and Catherine went back to the hospital. nShe had hoped that maybe things with William would just blow over,nbut it was not to be. That afternoon, when she was alone in thennursery checking on a baby, William came in, having seen through thenwindow that no one else was around. \"Catherine,\"nhe said, walking up to her, smiling. His smile suddenly looked antrifle smug and even insincere. Shenstepped back automatically, but an incubator was blocking hernretreat. Williamngripped her shoulders, his eyes glittering into hers. \"Catherine,nI just have to say it. I'm very disappointed in you. If younneeded loving, you should have known that I would have been more thannhappy to oblige! You had no need to go to the lengths of finding anstranger to fulfill your body's cravings!\" His head neared hers. Catherinenwas slow to react, but she got her head turned enough so that hisnkiss landed on her ear. Then her hand flashed out, but William ncaught it with a scornful laugh and twisted it behind her back,nbringing her closer to his aroused body. \"Goodnthing Tom told me all about your passionate nature and how to channelnit.\" His thin lips came crushing down on hers trying to force anpassionate kiss on her. Catherinendesperately kept her lips closed against his thrusting tongue andnkept twisting to get away. Surely Tom would NEVER have discussednher with William! Oh God, she simply HAD to get away from him. Shenfelt sullied and dirty, and angrier than she had ever believednpossible. Her struggles became more frantic. Then they both heardnthe door open and the same nurse who had interrupted them beforenwalked in. She stared in dismay, then backed out of the room,nflustered and apologizing. Morenfurious than she could imagine, Catherine took advantage of William'snstunned inaction and said in a low, intense voice, \"If you don'tnrelease me in two seconds, William, I swear I will unman you with mynknee ...\" Her threat achieved its goal before she even finishednuttering it. Henreleased her and stepped back so quickly that she would have smilednif she could have found any humour in the situation at all. Instead,nstill speaking in a controlled but angry tone, she told him not tonspeak to her personally, touch her, or ever try to do anything likenagain or he would find himself up on charges of assault faster thannhe could ever believe. William, being the innate coward that henwas, began backpedalling as much as possible, trying to become oncenagain the friend she had thought she had known before, claiming henwas under too much stress, that she shouldn't blame him, that shenhad to give him another chance, for Tom's sake, that she MUST stopnseeing the Wordworth fellow or it would be the worse for him, andnthat he could always come by this evening and they could discuss thensituation sensibly... Catherinenignored his words, merely holding out her hand and demanding the keynto her garage back. \"I don't want you to have any access to anynpart of my life.\" When he petulantly slapped the key into hernhand, she walked away from him, her head held high, her eyesnflashing. Retreatingnonce more to the washroom, she shuddered at the memories of hisndistasteful assault. She simply couldn't stand the thought ofnbeing near him ever again. Scrubbing her face to rid it of hisntouch, Catherine began considering Robert's offer of marriage innanother light. In order to keep away from William, being that he wasnthe head of the pediatric unit of St. Mary's Hospital, maybe shenSHOULD quit her job ... and be Robert's wife. Surely anyone smartnenough to be a doctor should be able to read recipes and followndirections and learn to cook! She might surprise herself. But shenloved her work, and hated the thought of being stuck in a kitchen fornthe rest of her life. Hearingnherself paged for an emergency, Catherine resolutely forced downnthoughts of William's assault, and gathered all her shatteredncontrol before hurriedly making her way to the delivery room. nFortunately, there was no sign of William in the flurry of activitynaround the mother whose fetus was in cardiac distress. Annhour and half later, Catherine was standing in the nursery by thenincubator of the tiny newborn, watching the monitors closely. Awarenof eyes on her, she peeked with some trepidation at the window, butnonly saw a couple of nurses who, when they caught her surreptitiousnglance, hurried off giggling. She frowned. No doubt the story ofnher and William kissing was already circulating the hospital. nPicking up one of the babies who would be going home the next day,nCatherine cuddled him until she felt better. No, she couldn't quitnbeing who she was. Not yet. Without ego inflating her sense ofnself-worth, she KNEW she was very good at what she did, and shencouldn't help but remember Robert's comment that she could bendestined to save the one special child who might save the world innsome small way. Althoughnshe tried not to think of him, William's words began to replay innher mind. Had he actually thought she would be willing to give himnanother chance? He wouldn't DARE come to her place that verynevening, would he? Although she cringed at the thought, she decidednshe simply had to phone Marina and tell her what had happened. Ifnher friend was at all interested in keeping William, and Catherinenreally could not imagine why she would, Marina needed to know whatnhad transpired that afternoon. Again Catherine shuddered at thenmemory. How could she bear ever seeing him again, let alonenattempting to work with him? But what other choice did she have ifnshe wanted to keep working? \"Dr.nHoward, call on line 2. Dr. Howard, call on line 2.\" Sighing,nCatherine returned the child to the bassinet, then went to the phone.n To her surprise, it was from the administrator of the new children'snhospital in town, who, after a few pleasantries, asked her tonconsider joining THEIR staff as the head doctor of the new neonatalnunit they were establishing. Catherine, once the words had reallynsunk in, couldn't help but wonder if it was a sign. No more havingnto deal with William, ever again! Wanting to accept on the spot,nCatherine instead agreed to call them back as soon as she made herndecision, but she made them aware of the fact that she was very, veryninterested. She really thought she should resign from St. Mary'snfirst before accepting a new position. \"Takenall the time you need, Catherine, but we really would like you tonwork here, and the sooner you can let us know, the better.\" \"Thanknyou so much,\" Catherine replied, her heart lifting as shendisconnected the phone. It had to be an answer to all her prayers,nthis new job offer! Hurryingnto the doctor's lounge, Catherine found some paper and wrote hernletter of resignation right away, feeling a great deal of pleasure atnthe thought of dropping it on William's desk just before she leftnwork that afternoon. When she phoned St. Francis Hospital back tonaccept the position, she mentioned that she could be availablenanytime, as she had been looking for a reason to resign at St. Mary'snand had no qualms about leaving at a moment's notice. And yes, shenwas sure the administrator of St. Mary's would understand. No, shenhadn't talked it over with him, Catherine said, but she knew himnwell enough to know that he would completely understand why she wasnleaving. The administrator of St. Francis was delighted, havingnknown Catherine for many years through the various hospital meetings,nand she told Catherine that the sooner Catherine started at St.nFrancis, the more she'd be able to make decisions with regards tonsetting up the new facilities. Catherinenhesitated only for a moment, then she said, \"Actually, I havenholiday time pending, and no urgent cases that I'm watching. I'mnfree to walk out of here tonight and I could probably start nextnweek, if you want.\" \"Thatnwould be wonderful! But take your holiday time first, Catherine. nWhy don't you take the rest of this week as well as next, and plannto start work January 9th?\" Afternconcluding the rest of the details, Catherine looked around thenlounge, and realized she wouldn't miss it as much as she would haventhought. William had tainted this room for her, as well as thennursery. In fact, his behavior the last few days had spoiled most ofnher memories of St. Mary's. Her excitement rose as she thought ofnplanning the new neonatal unit, as it had been the talk of thenmedical circles in their town for a long time. Atnlast it was time for Robert to meet her at the front. After droppingnher letter of resignation on William's desk, Catherine hurried outnthe front door of St. Mary's hospital for what she hoped was thenlast time, holding her coat tightly about her body. To her surprise,nwhen she got to Robert's truck waiting close by, it was Jaclyn atnthe wheel. The young woman gestured for Catherine to get in, andnrather hesitantly, Catherine complied. \"Dadncouldn't get here tonight ... he's really sorry. Something camenup at work, a slight altercation or something, so he asked me to comenby for you.\" \"Incould have taken a taxi ...\" Catherine began. \"It'snall right. Actually, I wanted to talk to you, anyway. Do you haventime for coffee?\" \"Allnthe time in the world,\" Catherine said, feeling surprisingly free. nShe flashed a brilliant smile at Jaclyn. \"I just quit my job.\" Jaclynnslammed on the brakes and stared at Catherine in disbelief. nFortunately she wasn't yet out of the hospital parking lot. \"YounWHAT? WHY? Dad asked you to marry him, didn't he? Is that whynyou quit? I can't believe that you'd ...\" Catherinenheld up her hand. \"Please, Jaclyn, hear me out. The reasons Inquit have nothing to do with your father. I was offered another job,nand things here were, well, let's just say I couldn't stay anynlonger.\" \"AndnDad had nothing to do with it?\" Jaclyn didn't look convinced. \"Notndirectly.\" \"Butnhe HAS asked you to marry him, hasn't he?\" Catherine'sneyes remained steadily on Jaclyn's as she softly admitted, \"Yes,nhe has.\" Jaclynnbit her lip, then turned back to her driving as she negotiated hernway onto the street. After a moment, she asked, \"Can we go tonMurray's for a cappuchino or coffee or something?\" Knowingnthey had to talk, although she really did not feel up to it tonight,nCatherine nodded. \"All right.\" Whennthey were sitting in a booth at Murray's, Jaclyn toyed with her cupnfor a moment in silence. Catherine just watched her and waited. Atnlast Jaclyn admitted that, although she knew it was really none ofnher business, she just was not sure about this burgeoningnrelationship, because her mother had just died and her father hadnjust MET Catherine. \"Inknow it seems sudden to you,\" Catherine agreed. \"Really, it'snsudden to me as well, and, surprising as it may seem, it's suddennto your father as well. Do you think we WANTED to fall in love?\" nJaclyn's faint expression of discomfort almost made Catherinensmile. She continued softly, \"I loved my late husband very much,nJaclyn. I was devastated when he died. I thought my life was overn... my personal life ... my ... love life. It never occurred to menthat one day I would meet someone who could bring love back into mynlife. It certainly never occurred to me the night I first met yournfather. Not at the beginning. I thought he was rude, overbearingnand idiotic.\" Jaclynnlaughed out loud at that. \"I guess he can be, can't he?\" \"Henthought I was supercilious, condescending and unwilling to live innthe real world,\" Catherine continued, her lips curving up as shenthought back to her feelings that one, special night. \"We rubbedneach other the wrong way right from the very beginning.\" \"Sonwhat happened?\" Despite herself, Jaclyn was getting interested innthe story. Then she flushed, embarrassed. \"That is, if you don'tnmind telling me ...\" \"Asnyou know, we found the cabin. We spent the evening playing scrabblenand talking. We had more in common than we had originally thought. nThen your father fell asleep, and it was probably only about tennminutes later that I did, too. Early the next morning, your sisternand brother-in-law were there to rescue us, once the storm was overnand the roads were plowed.\" \"So,nnothing happened?\" Then Jaclyn flushed even more, and buried hernface in her cup. When she lifted her head, she said quickly, \"Nevernmind. Don't answer that. I don't want to hear it.\" \"Nothingnhappened, Jaclyn,\" Catherine said gently, \"except that as wentalked, our feelings gradually shifted.\" She grinned suddenly. \"Instill thought he was rude, overbearing and idiotic, but I also foundnqualities that I greatly admired. He loved his family deeply, yournmother and your sister and her family and you. He did not want tonadmit the truth without fighting to the bitter end. It took him anfew hours before he would admit to me that your mother was not fine,nthat she hadn't been 'fine' for a long time, and that she wasnnever going to get better. Alzheimer's is like most diseases innmany ways, but its worst aspect in MY opinion is that it robsneveryone in the victim's family of their loved one long beforendeath.\" \"I'venfound that out in the last six weeks,\" Jaclyn sighed. \"I nevernwould accept it before.\" \"Neithernwould your father.\" After a moment, Catherine asked, \"How doesnLori feel about this? Does she share your concern?\" \"Lori?n No.\" Jaclyn shrugged. \"She's too concerned with Jeff, nownthat he has decided to come back to her, and, of course, baby MarynBeth and Michael.\" She finished her coffee, then stared into thenempty cup for a moment before looking at Catherine again. \"May Inask another question?\" At Catherine's nod, she said, \"Ifnnothing happened that night, and I gather you and Dad never saw eachnother until Christmas Eve, just when did you decide you were innlove?\" \"Ohn...\" Catherine hesitated before she said, \"I suppose I suspectednthat morning after Thanksgiving. But when your father didn't shownup for a planned meeting that Sunday ...\" \"Thatnwas the day Mom died!\" Jaclyn exclaimed. \"Infound that out Christmas Eve,\" Catherine murmured. \"Anyway, Intold myself I had been right with my first impressions, that he was,nwell, not the person I had built him up to be in my mind. But evennthough I tried to forget him, I couldn't. It turns out that,nalthough he had a lot on his mind after your mother's death, hencouldn't forget me, either.\" Therenwas another moment of silence, then Jaclyn shuddered theatrically. n\"I think the worst thing is that I just can't imagine my FATHERnbeing in love with the Hershey lady! I mean, my FATHER! He's toonold to act like that! Too old for sex!\" Catherine'snlips twitched, then she confided, \"I hate to break it to you,nJaclyn ... but he isn't.\" Jaclynnslapped her hands over her ears, but her eyes danced as she said,n\"Please, I'm going to pretend I didn't hear that!\" Then shensobered and said, \"Catherine ... may I call you that?\" \"Pleasendo.\" \"Catherine,nI am the first one to admit, and Lori will confirm it, but I'mnpretty childish for all I want to act grown up. I just, well, I'mnmissing Mom. I need her to talk to about ... well, about everything,nbut especially about the fact that Brock, my boyfriend, phoned lastnnight and asked me to come back. I, well, I think I probably will,nnow that I know Dad is happy.\" \"Butnyou'd like to be sure.\" \"Inthink I am more sure now. I'm still squeamish about, well, Dad andnthe whole sex thing ...\" \"Indon't THINK our relationship is based on the premise that we arenboth desperate for sexual satisfaction,\" Catherine said, slowly. n\"But we're not young enough to pretend this means less than itndoes. Yes, your father asked me to marry him. I haven't given himnmy answer yet, because there are a number of issues in our lives thatnI feel need to be sorted out first. But the fact remains that ...nwell, I ... Jaclyn, if I were to say I think we are deeply in lovenwith each other, would I sound idiotic?\" \"Inthink you'd sound sweet.\" Catherinenlaughed. \"YOU are sweet. Thank you.\" \"No,nthank YOU. You know, you're really easy to talk to. No wonder Dadnfell in love with you so fast.\" Jaclyn spoke as if she werensurprised by that fact. Thentwo women got up to go, and Jaclyn dropped Catherine off at hernhouse, saying that her father would probably be phoning later, andnthat she wouldn't tell him about Catherine's new job ... and thennJaclyn added that she really hoped Catherine would be coming tonLori's place for New Year's Eve, because Lori needed time to talknwith her on a casual basis just as Jaclyn had. Promising that shenwould if their father kept on hounding her to come, Catherine wavedngoodbye and entered her house. Onenof the first things she did was phone Marina, who said she quitenunderstand Catherine's concern, but that it was probably misplacednthis evening. \"Oh,nreally? Why is that?\" \"Williamngot home not ten minutes ago, covered with snow, dirt, blood andnbruises. He wouldn't say anything to me, but it sure looks as ifnhe was in one hell of a fist fight.\" \"What?\" Marinansaid confidingly, \"I would actually think someone had mugged him,nbut he refuses to go to the hospital for x-rays or to be checked out.n Of course, he IS a doctor, and everyone knows how averse yournprofession is to seeing someone else. Anyway, thank you for phoningnand telling me what a rat my husband is – REALLY, I thank you! nCatherine, if I leave him, as I am more and more tempted to do, may Instill count you as a friend? I mean, it might be difficult when younare working with him ...\" \"Don'tnsay anything to him, Marina, but I won't be working with him anynmore. I've been offered another job and I'm accepting it. Andnof COURSE you may still count me as a friend, as I hope you will me,neven if your husband IS ... obsessed ... with me!\" \"It'sna deal. Again, thank you, Catherine.\" Catherinentook off her coat thoughtfully, wondering just what had happened tonWilliam. Surely he wouldn't have ... no, he WOULDN'T have gonento Robert's construction site, would he? Was WILLIAM the cause ofnthe altercation at Robert's work that Jaclyn had mentioned? IfnWilliam looked terrible, according to Marina, how was Robert? Shenpaced for a moment or two, then looked up Robert's phone number andntried calling his house. There was no answer. Intermittentlynthat evening she tried the number, but no one seemed to be home. nFinally, when it was quite late, Jaclyn answered the phone. \"It'snCatherine Howard,\" Catherine said. \"Is your father there?\" \"He'snin the shower at the moment. Says he's beat. Literally.\"nJaclyn's amusement came over the line. \"You'll never believenthis, but you know that altercation I told you about? Well, itnappears that some guy just came in, threw a punch at Dad ... and nextnthing you know, they were rolling in the snow and dirt, punching andnyelling.\" \"Oh,nGod ...\" Catherine closed her eyes and sagged into the chair. nWilliam HAD gone there! \"How IS he?\" \"HenSAYS he's fine. He doesn't look it, but he says the other guynlooks worse. Anyway, I can have him call you, if you like. But I'mnwarning you, he really is tired. For some reason, he didn't get anlot of sleep last night, and won't say why. Maybe he's thinkingntoo much about you?\" Jaclyn teased. \"Hardly,\"nCatherine said, dryly, but a warm feeling washed over her. Robertnwas SO sweet to worry about her, and fight for her! The least shencould do was let him rest tonight! \"No, Jaclyn. Have him call menin the morning, please. I'm not going to the hospital, so I'llnbe home all morning.\" \"Allnright, I'll pass the message on. Good night, Catherine. Sweetndreams!\" she giggled. \"Goodnnight.\" TonBe Continued ...[Chapter 5] Partn5 ... \"Oh,nand Catherine?\" Aboutnto hang up the phone, Catherine caught Jaclyn's last whisper. n\"Yes?\" \"Incould leave the front door open for you. I'm a VERY sound sleeper!n Dad's room is the first one at the top of the stairs. EWW, Incan't believe I'm SAYING this! I really can't picture Dadnmaking out, and I REALLY don't want to! But, well, you might wantnto come and play doctor to a stubborn, irascible old fool ... Henreally is hurt, although he won't admit it.\" and Jaclyn hung upnquickly. Catherinenstared at the phone in her hand before thoughtfully putting it down. nShe smiled slowly. Had Jaclyn really just invited her over to 'playndoctor' with Robert? In spite of how she was obviously rathernsqueamish about thinking of her father and Catherine together? ThennCatherine's smile faded. Jaclyn had sounded quite serious when shenhad said that Robert really was hurt. Tornnbetween what her instincts were screaming for her to do and what hernpractical side was insisting she SHOULD do, Catherine dithered. Shenwandered around her living room, but instead of thinking of Tom, itnwas Robert's image stretched out on the chair snoozing whichnoccupied her mind. Just how badly WAS he hurt? Bruised, no doubtn... and she really couldn't help with bruises ... although she DIDnhave a wonderful salve which would take some of the pain away andnhasten the healing ... Yes, Catherine decided abruptly. She owed itnto Robert to help him. It was because of her that William had gonenover to fight him anyway. Yes, she would go over. Just to talk, andnto take him the salve. Grabbingnthe container of medicinal salve from her bathroom, Catherinenshrugged into her coat, put the salve in her pocket and started outnthe door. At that moment, her phone rang. She hesitated, thennsighed, and went back to check to see who was calling this late. Itnwas Robert! \"Hello,\"nhe said, huskily. \"Jaclyn just told me you had phoned. Funnynthing, she said I didn't need to call you back tonight because younhad said to call tomorrow morning, but THEN she said to tell you thatnshe was heading back to Lori's for the night. Any idea what she'snplanning?\" Catherinencaught her breath. Jaclyn obviously really hoped Catherine would gonover that night. \"Robert? I'll be right over.\" \"What?n No, wait, Catherine! I'm in no shape ...\" Robert began tonprotest, but Catherine disconnected the phone, dropped it into itsncradle and practically flew out the door, wanting to get to him asnsoon as she possibly could. \"It'snthe middle of the night, Catherine!\" Robert met her at the door ofnhis place. She stared in horror at his bruised, puffy face and knewnby the way he held himself that he was in a great deal of pain. \"Arenyou insane?\" Robert continued. \"You have to work tomorrow ...\" \"No,nI don't. I quit. I have another job starting in a couple ofnweeks.\" Catherine said absently, still running her eyes over himnand cataloguing his injuries. \"Oh, God, Robert, you ARE hurt!\" \"Whatndo you mean you quit?\" He fell back in surprise and she came in,nclosing the door behind her. \"I'm not hurt that badly. It looksnworse than it is.\" \"It'sna long story, I'll tell you later. Take off your shirt.\" \"Catherine,nfor God's sake ...\" \"Takenit off!\" she ordered him again. Sighing,nRobert's hands moved to his buttons. Then he paused and looked inndisgust at her. \"I really would have thought that a DOCTOR wouldnbe smart enough to know that coats have buttons precisely becausenthey are meant to be done up!\" \"Robert!\" Hengrinned slyly. \"I'll take my shirt off if you'll take yoursnoff ...\" \"Don'tnbe ridiculous. You're in no shape to do anything tonight. Williamnmust have addled your wits when he hit you if you think otherwise.\" \"Henlooks a whole lot worse than I do!\" grumbled Robert. Catherinenthrew off her coat after taking the salve out of the pocket, andnkicked off her boots. \"Hurry up. The sooner I get this salve onnyou, the better you'll feel.\" Mutteringnunder his breath, Robert locked the door, then said, \"You may asnwell come in to my bedroom. I ache all over and ...\" he brightenedna bit and finished smugly, \"I probably need a complete bodynmassage.\" \"We'llnsee if that's necessary.\" Catherine said briskly. \"Lead on.\" Henled the way into his bedroom, then stopped in the doorway. \"Wait anminute. What do you really mean by saying you quit your job? You'rennot working for that bastard anymore?\" \"No,nI'm not. And Robert, I'm SO SORRY he came to you and ... andnalthough normally I don't condone violence, I'm thrilled that younfought him and beat him! He deserves to be maimed for ... nevernmind. It's a long story, and you need to get this on thosenbruises.\" She again brandished the jar of salve. \"Catherine,\"nRobert took her shoulders and carefully touched his lips to her nose.n \"I love you. I will be proud to marry you and continue to fightnyour battles ...\" Shensighed. \"As I keep trying to tell you, I am perfectly capable ofnfighting my own battles. Take off your shirt.\" Henfolded his arms mutinously and glared at her as best he could withnhis face so battered. When her frown registered, he sighed andnremoved his shirt. \"What you make me do ...\" \"I'mnmore concerned right now with fixing what William did to you becausenof me,\" she murmured, examining his bruised body with compassion. n\"Oh, God, Robert, I wish I HAD kneed him when I had the chance!\" \"Thatnsounds like a story to hear ...\" \"Maybenlater. Lie down.\" \"Mostnof the bruises are on my front, not my back,\" he said helpfully asnhe stretched out on the bed. Catherinengrinned. \"Oh, I plan to find every one,\" she promised, and bentnover him, kissing each bruise on his face very gently, then puttingnsome salve carefully and tenderly on it. \"This salve is a topicalnanalgesic, so even just putting it on and NOT rubbing it will helpn... almost like an anaesthetic.\" \"Whatevernyou say ... Catherine, I want to hear what happened today at work tonmake you quit ... and make William come looking for a fight!\" \"Can'tnI finish putting this on? You'll really feel more comfortable.\" Withna defeated sigh, Robert closed his eyes. \"Go ahead, then.\" Againnkissing the bruises gently before anointing them with the medicatednsalve, Catherine moved down his bare chest, her fingers massagingnhim, soothing him, loving him. ThennRobert spoke again. \"NOW may I hear the story?\" Catherinensighed, then unemotionally told him what William had been saying allnweek, and what he had done that afternoon. Robert started to rise,nswearing and saying, \"I'll KILL him! I swear, Catherine, hendeserves to be CASTRATED so that he won't think with that part ofnhis anatomy any more! And you know that's not an idle threat,nbecause every man cringes to even THINK of that happening!\" \"Inhave a hunch that Marina might feel exactly the same way you do ...nand I'm sure she will find an effective punishment, Robert. nPlease, can we forget him? I don't have to see him again. Inresigned, remember.\" \"Tellnme about this new job.\" \"Please,nRobert, roll over and I'll massage some of this salve into yournback.\" He did as ordered, and as she smoothed the soothingnmedication on his shoulders, she gently kneaded the muscles in hisnshoulders and back, relaxing him as she told him about the phone callnfrom the administrator of the new hospital unit, and how she had beennoffered the position as Head Pediatrician. \"I'mnso proud of you, my love,\" Robert said drowsily. \"Please ...nmarry me. Let's start the new year with a new life together.\" Catherinencontinued her massage. \"We'll see, Robert. I still need time. nI'm still not sure about your children ...\" \"Hmmm,\"nwas all Robert said. By the way his body was relaxed, she knew henhad gone to sleep. Bendingndown, Catherine kissed his shoulder and, knowing he couldn't hearnher, murmured, \"Good night, my love. My hero. My world. I hopenLori will accept me as Jaclyn seems to have ...\" Then she curlednup by his side and fell into a healing sleep as well. Theynboth slept long and heavily, then awoke entwined together. For anbrief moment, neither was sure exactly WHY they were together, thennmemory came flooding back. By means of light touches and kisses,nthey both assured themselves of the other's well-being, althoughnCatherine's heart cried at the sight of the bruises on Robert'snarms and chest, and in particular the one along his jawline. \"Arenyou feeling any better this morning?\" Catherine asked softly. \"Well,nI can move without cringing from the pain.\" Robert tested hisnstatement by stretching. Then he said, \"But since I don't plannto go to work today, know what I'd like to do?\" \"Inthink I can guess,\" Catherine smiled, snuggling closer. \"Well,nthat too,\" he agreed with a laugh. \"But what I was thinkingnoriginally was that we should go back to Shelby Manor today. Incalled yesterday and Sarah is going to be there today ... and Tom'snroom is empty again. I thought you might like to, well, visit itnagain.\" \"Oh,nRobert!\" She threw her arms around his neck and tried to keep thentears from flowing. \"Oh, I DO love you! Thank you!\" Accordingly,nin a couple of hours they were on their way, Robert drivingnCatherine's vehicle. \"Maybe with the MD licence plates, I cannpark real close to the door!\" he grinned. Theynstopped to pick up another gift basket for the staff, and when theynwalked through the doors together, Sarah was at the front desk. Shenlooked up, then beamed at them both. \"Dr. Howard! Mr. Woodward! nI'm so glad to see you! You must have been the ones who callednyesterday!\" Then she looked curiously from one to the other, andnsaid thoughtfully, \"The last time I saw you two together wasnThanksgiving day, when you drove off into the blizzard!\" \"Itnwas certainly one special night, that Thanksgiving!\" Robertnchuckled. \"SHE put us in the ditch before we even got half-waynhome!\" \"Inremember your son-in-law was here looking for you that night,\"nSarah agreed. \"That was a rough weekend for you, Mr. Woodward. nI'm so sorry about your wife.\" \"Thanknyou, Sarah. I am, too. Catherine, er, Dr. Howard was wondering ifnshe might ...\" he began. \"Youncan go on up, Dr. Howard,\" Sarah nodded to her, understandingnimmediately what it was that Catherine was hoping to hear. \"It'snempty. I understand you were by on Christmas Eve. That must havenbeen hard, finding it occupied.\" \"Oh,nit was, Sarah,\" Catherine agreed. \"But it was that night that mynwhole life changed, when I got a phone call from the hospital thatnthere was an emergency and it turned out to be Robert'sngrand-daughter on her way, a little early. But she's fine. Andnhow is YOUR daughter now?\" \"Justnfine, too,\" beamed Sarah. \"Good.n I ... I think I'll go up now. I'll be back shortly.\"nCatherine squeezed Robert's arm, then turned and headed for thenstairs, leaving Robert to tell Sarah about little Mary Beth, and givenher the gift basket he had carried in. \"There'sntea when you're finished!\" Sarah called out to Catherine, whonwaved her acknowledgement and continued on her way. Slippingninto the room where she had spent so many hours, first with Tom andnthen alone as she mourned his death, Catherine looked around, thennwent over to the window and sat looking out at the familiar view. n\"Tom?\" she whispered. \"I know you are aware of everything. Inwant to thank you for all you ever did for me, for loving me so muchnthat I could not turn love away when I found it again.\" Warmthnflooded through her, and her tears gathered. He understood. He hadnalways understood her. She had never thought to ever find anothernman she could love as much as she loved Tom, but her feelings fornRobert were living proof that miracles can and do happen. Hearingnsomeone open the door, she turned and looked. It was Robert, with ansmall bouquet of forget-me-nots in his hand. \"MaynI come in? I'm looking for a vase,\" he said huskily. Catherinenstood up, her tears glittering in her eyes. \"Do I look like I worknhere?\" she asked, and her breath caught in her throat as he camencloser to her and enfolded her in his arms. \"It'snall right, Catherine. It's all right to cry. You loved him as Inloved Mary Beth.\" His voice broke, and she realized that tearsnwere clogging his throat as well. \"Oh,nRobert,\" she sobbed fiercely into his shoulder for a minute, thennclung to him as she managed to regain control. \"They wouldnunderstand ... at least, Tom would, and from what you say about MarynBeth, I think she would, as well. They would understand hownwonderful it is that we found each other in our pain and managed tonconnect and ...\" \"Catherine?n Are you finally answering my proposal? Are you going to marry me,nCatherine?\" Robert's hands held her back from him for a momentnand he studied her tear-streaked face. \"I'llncome with you to Lori's for New Year's Eve,\" Catherine saidnsoftly. \"I'll talk with Lori and Jaclyn. Then we'll see.\" \"Whatnabout tonight and tomorrow night? You're going to make me waitnTHAT LONG for an answer? Catherine, I'm not in any shape to suffernfurther! You can't do this to me!\" Catherine'snlips curved into a lovely smile and she lightly caressed the bruisenon his jaw, then trailed her hands down his shoulders. \"Well, Inmight see my way clear to ... putting some more salve on you...\" Henkissed her lips lightly a couple of times, then she leaned into himnand with their lips, they made promises and commitments thatnCatherine was not willing to voice aloud until she had had a chancento speak with Lori. She truly felt she owed the younger woman thatnmuch, although she wasn't sure why. Perhaps because it WAS so soonnafter Mary Beth's death, perhaps because of Jaclyn's capitulationnafter their talk. Even though Jaclyn seemed to think Lori was toonoccupied with her own family to think of her father's 'straying',nCatherine was determined to start off on the right foot with her. nAfter all, both Jaclyn and Lori would be her step-daughters if andnwhen she married Robert! ThennRobert disentangled himself gently and said, \"Look, I brought younthese forget-me-nots, then dropped them all over the floor!\" Theynlaughed and both bent to pick up the flowers. \"Shall we ask Sarahnfor a vase?\" Catherine asked. Whennthey got back to Robert's house, Jaclyn and Lori were waiting fornthem. \"We hope you don't mind,\" Lori said, avoidingnCatherine's eyes for the moment, \"but we decided we'd all havensupper here tonight. Jeff has Michael and will be here in about tennminutes.\" \"Jeffnhas Michael? Isn't he back with you?\" Robert asked, puzzled. \"JeffnIS back with me, yes,\" Lori said. \"He just took Michael with himnto the store. We ran out of lettuce.\" \"Oh,nI see.\" \"MaynI help with supper?\" Catherine asked Robert's daughters, ignoringnRobert's surprised look. After all, he KNEW she couldn't cook! nHowever, he should realize that this would be a good time for her tonspeak with Lori. Since he didn't say anything, she assumed he HADnreached that conclusion. \"Sure,ncome on in.\" Jaclyn dragged Catherine down to the kitchen. \"Well?\"nshe asked, the minute the three of them were alone. \"Well,nwhat?\" Catherine raised her eyebrows. \"Jaclyn,nI TOLD you ...\" Lori began. \"It'snokay. SHE'S okay. We want to hear what happened last night andntoday. Not the gory details,\" Jaclyn grimaced. \"Just thenhighlights. Did you come here last night? Dad actually looks a LOTnbetter. If you DID come, you must be a great doctor!\" Catherinensmothered a laugh as the colour rose in her face. \"I, er, yes, Indid come last night. I have a medicated salve which works wonders onnbruises ...\" \"And?\" \"Jaclyn!\"nLori protested again. \"Todaynyour father took me back to Shelby Manor.\" Catherine said, lookingnfrom Jaclyn to Lori. They both looked taken aback, but neither saidnanything. Questions were teaming in their eyes, however. \"Mynhusband died there last year. Both your father and I needed to ...ncome to terms with both Tom's death and your mother's. We needednto think about them, and about us, and the two of you, and YOURnfamily, Lori ...\" Nowntears were gathering in Lori's eyes. \"I wondered if you had justnforgotten Mom,\" she admitted. \"Howncould we?\" Catherine asked gently. \"Your father loved her sonmuch, even more than either of you did, I expect. In a differentnway, of course. But no, we haven't forgotten her. Nor have wenforgotten Tom. We loved them, and they loved us. Love doesn'tnjust end because the physical body is gone. Don't you see? It'snbecause of our love for Tom and Mary Beth that we were able to findneach other, to find love again. There's no limit to how much lovenone person can have. You should know that, Lori. I'm sure youndon't love Michael any less now that you have little Mary Beth tonlove.\" Lorinshook her head, unable to speak. She clung to Jaclyn's hand. nCatherine noted the tears running down Jaclyn's cheeks. ThennJaclyn asked, \"You ARE going to marry Dad, aren't you?\" \"Inwould love to,\" Catherine said, \"but I won't unless you agree.\" \"It'snso soon!\" Lori moaned, her tears spilling over now. \"Timenreally doesn't mean much when it comes to love, Lori,\" Catherinenreminded her. \"Yes, we could wait. We could just ... liventogether.\" She saw the girls' eyes widen at the thought. \"Butnthat's not what either of us want. Our generation needs thencommitment, needs the recognition of the rest of society ... and yournfather and I need each other in our lives to fulfill an emptinessnthat has existed within each of us since Tom and your mother died. Inlove him, Jaclyn and Lori. I love him a great deal. But if youncan't accept me as your father's wife, then ...\" she swallowednbefore continuing bravely, \"then I won't marry him.\" \"Oh!n I always liked you, from what little I knew of you!\" Lori huggednCatherine tightly. \"And then, you saved little Mary Beth for usn... how can I NOT accept you? That would be too cruel to you AND tonDad! I see that now.\" Jaclynnjoined in the hug and the three cried a little more. When Robertnwalked into the room, he was taken aback. \"What's the matter?\"nhe asked sharply. \"Nothing,nDad!\" Lori said, wiping her tears and laughing a bit. \"We'renjust welcoming Catherine to the family,\" Jaclyn added. Theynpulled Robert in to the hug as well, and as Robert's arms wentnaround Catherine, her voice trembled as she said to Jaclyn and Lori,n\"Thank you for accepting me.\" \"ThanknYOU for accepting US!\" Jaclyn grinned. \"Doesnthis mean you're going to marry me?\" Robert asked Catherinententatively. Catherinenlaughed through her tears, and so did Lori and Jaclyn. \"Yes!\"nthe three said together. Then Catherine added, \"I'll be proudnand honoured to marry you, Robert.\" \"When?\"nwas his immediate question. \"As soon as possible? Monday?\" Laughingnand agreeing, Catherine said, \"I love you. Robert, I love you sonmuch ... I'll marry you whenever you say! But yes, Monday would bengood because that will give me a whole week to enjoy life with you asnmy husband before I have to start work again.\" Shenpressed a kiss on his lips which he deepened, and in moments, Jaclynnand Lori were both forgotten as Robert and Catherine expressed theirnabiding love, straining to get ever closer to one another while theirnheartbeats and breathing speeded up. Catherinenbarely registered Jaclyn's exaggerated \"EEEUUUWWW! Can't yountwo get a room?\", Lori's \"JACLYN! WHAT are you telling them tondo? YUCK! DAD?\", then the giggles of the two sisters as theynescaped from the kitchen, laughing and saying they had a lot ofnplanning to do if the wedding was going to be in just a couple ofndays. Thatnnight, Robert took Catherine back to the cabin for the first timensince the day after Christmas. He had to leave his truck on the roadnbecause the lane down to the cabin wasn't plowed and the wind hadnput deep, impassible finger-drifts across it. Finding the path anlittle icy, Catherine wondered vaguely if she had had too much tondrink. Jeff had insisted on opening a bottle of wine to have withntheir meal. Atnthat point she slipped on the ice, and Robert swept her up in hisnarms. She hooked her arms around his neck. \"Really, Robert, youndon't have to carry me!\" \"Hush,\"nhe said, breathing hard. She began to worry if perhaps he wasnover-exerting herself. Being a cardiologist, she did not want him tonhave a heart attack carrying her! \"Robert,nput me down,\" she said in a matter-of-fact tone, not twisting toonmuch in case she caused him to slip on the ice himself. \"Justnshut up and let me be macho, okay?\" He tempered his words with anbrief smile. Then he concentrated, breathing heavily, all the way tonthe porch of the cabin. When he set her on her feet inside thenlean-to door, he doubled over, making a show of gasping for air. Catherinenhad to smile, but she pretended outrage and put her hands on her hipsnbelligerently. \"You certainly know how to make a woman feelnfeminine and petite! Do I seem grossly overweight to you?\" Robertnstraightened up and winked, no worse for wear after his exertions. n\"Not at all!\" he leered at her. \"You're perfect in everynway! Perfect for me!\" They stepped into the main part of thencabin, and almost before the door closed behind them, their coats hadnbeen discarded and Catherine was plastered against him, kissing himndesperately. \"Whatnis it about this doorway? It seems that the moment we walk in, younwant me begging you to touch me!\" Catherine's breath was ragged. \"YounARE clever, Catherine, my love!\" He kissed her deeply. Thoughnit was frosty and cold outside, they were both soon warm and sweaty. nCatherine's heart continued to gallop with his. She looked over atnthe sofa bed he had opened out when they had been here Christmas Day.n \"You don't think we're too old for antics like this?\"nCatherine asked at last. \"Donyou feel too old?\" He still held her close, uncaring that theynstanding just inside the door of the cabin. \"No,\"nshe admitted. \"But I think I SHOULD feel too old!\" She frownednat him when he laughed. \"Incan't leave you alone again,\" Robert explained. \"And do younknow what is best of all about having you by my side?\" Shenshook her head, her eyes shining from the tears that were gathering. Robertndrew her closer, and said, \"Talking with you, sharing the littlenand the big things of the day ... simply BEING with you! I love younso much, Catherine.\" \"Oh,nRobert, I'm not sure what I did to deserve you, but I love you,ntoo!\" Forna few moments, the only sounds in the cabin were low murmurs and softngasps, then Robert made the supreme effort and stepped back fromnCatherine, saying, \"I think we need champagne to celebrate ournupcoming marriage!\" \"Indon't need more to drink,\" Catherine's eyes were shining. \"Inthink I'm drunk on your kisses and your love!\" \"Thenchampagne is already out in the snowbank, chilling. Actually, I hadnit all out there on Christmas, and forgot about it!\" Shenlaughed. \"You'll be lucky if it's not FROZEN out there!\" \"Nevernmind that. I'll be back in a minute.\" Robertndug the champagne out of the snowbank and found the glasses, fillingnthem and handing one to Catherine. They touched their glassesntogether, and said softly, \"To us.\" Robertnadded, \"To ageless love.\" Theynboth sipped the frosty drink, their eyes never leaving each other's.n Catherine acknowledged at that point that she was willing to havenhim possess her completely; not just her body but her heart and soulnas well. She was helpless to stop the invasion, and realized shendidn't want to stop him, ever. She loved him as much as he lovednher. Thennext morning, flat on her stomach, replete and sated after a night ofnthe most erotic lovemaking she had ever known, Catherine eased awakenby slow degrees. She smiled as she rolled over onto her back andnstretched. He loved her. Yes, they still had much to talk about,nbut what they had done last night, how he had made her feel ... shenbadly wanted to give him whatever he wanted. She was more than readynto admit now that she wanted the same thing he did, a new life in thennew year for both of them. Together. THEnEND! (... and the beginning for them ...) ","Summary":" WANTED:rn A New Year Disclaimer:rn I don't own any of these characters, and I make no money from th"},{"Movie":"One Special Night","Title":"A New Ending","Author":"faithandhopewoman","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7876723","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own any of these characters, and I don't know who does own them, although the movie was produced by Kaboom. I write them for fun only, as an exercise in creative writing. This is a work of fiction, based upon the movie characters. I just love Robert and Catherine. A/N: I know many people don't read OSN stories but for the few who do I hope you enjoy. I enjoyed writing it Catherine's heavy heart After a restless night, Catherine woke with a heavy heart that Monday knowing that she was scheduled for work. She should have known better than to think Robert would have met her at Murray's; his invitation had been given in good faith but after all he was a married man and his wife was dying. Chaplain Steve noticed her. \"You seem down today Catherine; something wrong?\" \"No Steve, this time of year brings back memories.\" \"I'm sorry Catherine, I should have remembered. When you finish rounds, have a cup of coffee with me?\" \"Sure, why not, see you in thirty minutes.\" They arrived at the coffee cart at the same time. They sat. Steve asked, \"Did you have a nice Thanksgiving?\" \"Interesting is a better word.\" Then she went on to explain her adventure in the empty cabin she and her rider had found during the blizzard. \"Robert is so much like me; I'm still grieving loosing Tom and he's been grieving for almost two years.\" His wife died at the moment she no longer knew him. All that has been left was the woman's body. Alzheimer's is so cruel.\" \"Yes, just like the woman who came in from Shelby Manor yesterday; died before the family could get here.\" Catherine had a pained look in her eyes when she asked, \"What was her name?\" \"Marybeth,\" thinking, Woodward.\" \"No Steve, tell me it wasn't her.\" \"Catherine, did you know her?\" \"That was my rider's wife.\" Catherine sat there. Her mind and heart were in a battle; her heart wanted to reach out to Robert right this minutes; her mind made her pause. \"What will his girls think?\" Steve's pager went off. \"Need to go Catherine; it's the ER. Let me know if I can do anything for you.\" \"Thanks, Steve.\" Catherine wanted to read the death notice for herself. Arlington had an afternoon edition of the paper; she found it in the holder on her porch. Taking off the wrapper, she threw her coat on the back of Tom's old chair and sat. Quickly she found the page of death notices; there it was. Marybeth Woodward Died November 30, 1999 Arrangements by Arlington Funeral Home Tears came to her eyes; soon they trickled down her cheeks. \"How can I feel so bad for someone I barely know?\" Her heart ached. \"Because you love him; yes, Catherine you love the sad strong construction manager with deep brown eyes that captivated you.\" She cried for Robert; for his daughters and for Michael, the grandson who had kept his grandfather grounded. She remembered so well seeing Tom's casket lowered in the ground. \"Oh Tom, I know I love someone else.\" Some how she heard, \"he needs you Catherine. It's alright. You need each other; go to him, offer him your heartfelt condolences.\" Tuesday's morning paper had all the details. Funeral Mass at St. Mary's Church, 11 AM Final resting place, St. Mary's Cemetery The family will receive visitors at the Woodward home. \"William, may I ask a favor.\" \"Sure Catherine,\" \"I need tomorrow morning off.\" \"Of course, anything you need me to do?\" \"No, please give my apologies to the Critical Care Committee. I'll be back in time for the two o'clock Cardiology meeting.\" Catherine was planning on arriving at the church just minutes before the service would begin. She knew there would be a basket for cards. On her way home she stopped at the card shop; she found three cards, one for Robert, one for his daughters and one especially for Michael. Once at home, she sat at her desk and composed a special note for each of them. Michael's was first; she printed carefully. Michael, I'm a friend of your grandpa. I know you will miss you grandma. She loved you very much. Always remember, she will always be in your heart. Your friend, Dr. Cat Next, for his daughters, she wrote. Lori, Jaclyn, You only know me as the doctor who gave your dad a ride and got stuck in a cabin together the night of the blizzard. Your father's love for your mom was deep and lasting. We talked that night. It made me remember my husband's death there in Shelby Manor, a year ago. I was devastated. Tom was my strength. As I told your dad, \"he was awfully good to me.\" Our sadness entwined, we were able to offer support to each other. Your dad told me that maybe I might save a child who might find a cure for cancer, that touched my heart. I tried to help him cherish the time he had left with your mom; having no idea it would be so little; I told him she could hear and sense his presence. I believe we helped each other. My sincere sympathy, Catherine Howard The one for Robert took the longest; she cried the whole time she wrote it. Catherine timed it perfectly; she arrived at the church as they were about to close the door. The church was full; she found a lone seat in the very back. It was a very touching service. Each of his daughters spoke and to her surprise so did Robert. He gave a warm and heartfelt eulogy. He thanked many – especially the staff of Shelby Manor who were sitting near the family. And then, \"people come into your life when you least expect it. I met that person recently. Our conversation has given me the strength to stand here today. I hope she's listening.\" \"Oh no,\" he spotted me. \"Now what do I do?\" When the congregation began to take Communion, Catherine made it outside, hopefully un-noticed. She walked rapidly the two blocks back to the hospital – grabbing a cup of coffee – she went to her office. She needed to compose herself. As it is with most funerals, only a few people attend the graveside service. Friends of the family were at their home setting up for the reception. A few guests had arrived before the family did. The funeral director had brought the basket of cards; placed it inside the front door to receive cards from people who were not at the church. Most people came to speak to Robert and the girls; had something to drink and a small snack and then quickly left. This wasn't a party where you lingered. Jaclyn and Michael were talking together; others were talking with Lori. Robert started to look through the cards; he noticed three cards together that were most definitely written by the same person. One for Lori and Jaclyn, another for Michael and the one addressed to him. His curiosity was peaked; he opened it and read. Robert, I was there. I feel so guilty now that I know. My heart tells me you were there as well; but then the call came. I know you never had a chance to say good bye. You can tell her any time, she will know. I can't get you out of my mind, Robert. When you are ready, please call. You're a strong man Robert; you endured your grief for a long time. The hurt that Marybeth didn't know you anymore cut straight through your heart and yet you were faithful. I'll be there for you Robert, please take me at my word. May your heart and soul find peace and comfort, Catherine Robert was restless after the last guest left; he needed to get some fresh air. \"Lori, I'm going for a drive, be back later.\" He did get in his car and drive away but stopped a short distance from the house and placed a call. \"Hello, Dr. Howard,\" he heard. \"Hello, Catherine,\" she recognized the voice immediately. \"How are you Robert?\" \"I'm fine Catherine, meet me….´before he could finish she did, \"at Murray's\" \"Yes.\" \"Give me thirty minutes.\" \"Okay,\" that was perfect for Robert's plans. He waited in the car; he saw her park on the side street. He went to meet her; \"take a ride with me?\" \"Where to?\" \"Trust me Catherine. You were there.\" Yes, Robert, I had to; it was the least I could do.\" \"I read your card. Thank you.\" They continued to talk. Robert turned off the main road, expecting Catherine to notice but she didn't. She only spoke when she saw it. \"Robert, we're at the cabin. You're not going to break in again?\" \"No Catherine,\" he dangled the key in front of her. \"How come you have the key?\" \"I bought the place.\" \"What!\" \"I stopped by on Saturday, the neighbor was here. I told him about our dilemma during the blizzard. I paid him for the window before he told me the cabin was for sale. Let me grab our food.\" The furnace was working but Robert still started a fire. \"What did you bring us?\" \"Murray's special.\" Catherine and Robert sat and enjoyed a batch of the famous chocolate chip pancakes. \"Catherine, I know we both felt something that night. I really do want to know all about you.\" \"Robert, I know I walled myself off from people; I couldn't think about being in a relationship; until I met you. \"What do you say Catherine, shall we begin?\" His eyes twinkled. \"Hi, I'm Robert Woodward.\" \"I'm Catherine Howard.\" Laughter filled the cabin. \"We need to be careful; people will think it is too soon.\" \"Yes, but now we have this place.\" Over the next several days they got to know one another through phone calls and meetings at the cabin. Lori and Jaclyn were very touched by Catherine's note and also by her dad's eulogy. Lori had also noticed something when they rescued them; she wasn't sure what. He looked content. Lori's thoughts were only positive for her dad. Maybe he had found a caring companion or maybe something more. Jaclyn was not quite as positive but she too only wanted him to be happy; he had suffered a long time.[Chapter 2] A/N: This is a different version of the chapter I published, so I replaced it. The kiss At first it was through multiple daily phone calls that they shared their lives; occasionally falling asleep while still on the phone. It was now a few days since the funeral, it was no longer enough to talk on the phone; they wanted to meet again at the cabin. \"Catherine, do you understand my directions? You told me you got lost trying to find it.\" \"Yes, Robert, I know now I didn't make the second right hand turn, I'll be there right on time. You'll see.\" \"I'll be waiting.\" Robert had a surprise for her tonight. He had arrived first; the cabin was now well stocked with food; Robert had filled it with all the foods Catherine had told him she enjoyed in addition to her peanut butter and jam. Dinner was in the oven; he watched for her. She surprised him; she was there right on-time. Robert met her outside and to her squealing objections, once again he picked her up and carried her to the door; hearing much the same words from her. \"Robert put me down. You're going to hurt yourself.\" \"Catherine, stop wiggling and open the door.\" Slipping through the door so as not to bump her on the door frame, he carefully lowered her to her feet; but he didn't let go of her. With their noses inches apart; \"I believe this was about our position last time.\" Their noses soon touched and then slid off to one side that their lips experienced that exotic feeling that only the lips can give to another. A simple romantic kiss that lengthened; their breath was gone but neither released the other very far. Their arms encased themselves in a full and loving embrace. \"Robert, this feels so right.\" \"I couldn't agree more.\" Over dinner they talked about their childhoods; their parents and their spouses. It was important to both of them to know that they could freely talk about their past loves; each had been deeply in love. Their affection that night was romantically loving; sitting close; holding hands and sharing a few lingering kisses. \"Catherine, I'll go first, you follow me. It's a somewhat harder at night to find the main road.\" Robert parked in her driveway; she drove around him and went in through the garage; only to come out the front door to say goodnight. They refrained from going inside, they simply kissed goodbye. For the next week they met at the cabin every night. Tonight Robert had brought dinner from his favorite Italian Restaurant. Italian food had never been one of Catherine's favorite but this lasagna was excellent; she surprised herself at how much she ate. They sat there talking and finishing their bottle of wine. \"Catherine, I think it's time for you to meet my daughters.\" \"Are they ready to meet me?\" \"I haven't approached them yet, but I did overhear a conversation that ended with, 'I wonder when Dad will bring her to the house?'\" \"Are you ready?\" \"Anytime Robert.\" \"Tomorrow?\" \"Sure, why not.\" Saturday was always the day Robert cooked up a big brunch. They were lingering over coffee. Michael and Jaclyn had gone to the TV room to watch cartoons. \"You have something to tell me Dad?\" \"I invited Catherine to come for dinner tonight.\" \"Doesn't leave me much time to bake or get ready.\" \"I have it all under control, Lori. Filet mignon, baked potatoes and a large salad; maybe Jaclyn and Michael could bake some cookies or brownies together. You need to get off your feet more. You seem very uncomfortable. Are you?\" \"Yes, more than with Michael. What time should we expect her?\" \"Six.\" Catherine had insisted on driving over herself. Robert needed to get used to her independence. She didn't own any fancy clothes; so selecting a skirt and a sweater was easy. It's wasn't snowing so boots were not necessary. Michael was watching for her. \"Grandpa, your friend is here.\" \"Thank you Michael.\" Then he heard Jaclyn giggle. \"Be nice Jaclyn.\" \"I will Dad. I think it's nice seeing you so excited over your companion.\" Robert walked away shaking his head. He opened the door before Catherine rang the bell. \"What so funny Robert?\" \"Jaclyn is.\" \"Everything alright?\" \"Yes, Catherine, everything is fine.\" \"Grandpa, is this your friend?\" \"Yes Michael.\" \"Is your name really Dr. Cat?\" \"Yes Michael that's what all the boys and girls call me when they come to see me to fix their hearts.\" He looked to Robert for approval. \"Glass of wine, Catherine?\" \"Yes, Robert.\" \"And you Jaclyn?\" \"Yes Dad.\" \"Michael and Lori, you get sparkling grape juice.\" They gathered in the kitchen and began to talk. \"Catherine, I want to thank you for the lovely card; what you wrote told us a lot about you.\" \"I meant every word; the loss of a spouse and for you two a mother is devastating and can be a lingering experience. I know that now, I let my grief go on way to long. Believe it or not we are both helping each other live life again.\" Tears formed in everyone's eyes but then the solemnity of the room was broke. \"Mommy, I'm hungry. Can we eat soon?\" Robert took that as a signal to direct everyone to the dining table. They lingered over coffee and brownies. Catherine told them about their dad's first words to her….\"kina impractical, don't you think? \"Dad, you didn't really scold her about the Jaguar.\" \"He most certainly did and then he had the nerve to dislike my music.\" \"He told you all about Sarah Vaughn.\" \"Yes, how did you know?\" \"We know our Dad.\" \"Okay, girls that's enough of my secrets.\" \"What did you find to eat?\" \"Your dad tried to cook up some Mac and Cheese. Only he didn't cook the noodles long enough, they were rather crunchy.\" \"So Catherine fed me peanut butter and jam on a spoon.\" By now everyone was laughing so hard, Lori in particular had to excuse herself; quickly disappearing into the bathroom. It was now Michael's bedtime and Catherine thought it was time for her to leave. After a lovely evening, it seemed that Lori and Jaclyn had both accepted the inevitable, their dad was in love; there was no way he could hide it. As Catherine was leaving Jaclyn spoke up. \"I hope you will join us for our Christmas celebrations.\" \"Thank you Jaclyn, I'm on call Christmas Eve but it is usually very quiet.\" Robert walked out with her. \"I'll let you know our plans. Walk around to the other side of your car.\" \"Why Robert?\" \"I want to kiss you and I don't want to be seen by the peaking toms.\" \"Are they really watching us?\" They lingered out in the cold sharing more than one kiss. \"I better go, my feet are freezing?\" \"I suppose that's a good reason to say goodbye. I'll call you later.\" Dinner at the cabin tomorrow?\" \"I was hoping for that.\" \"Pick you up at four.\" \"I'll be ready and waiting.\" Robert did call her and they both fell asleep while still on the phone.[Chapter 3] Proposal Sunday night dinner at the cabin became so much more than dinner. Catherine and Robert both loved to dance, neither felt they should go out in public yet. People can be so cruel. That evening they danced for almost two hours. Every kind of dance you can imagine. Yes they had shared that first kiss and many more since, but they were both old fashioned, they believed in waiting; but neither wanted to wait very long. They sat exhausted on the sofa. \"Catherine, marry me?\" Catherine took his face in her hands, kissing him non-stop. \"I thought you would never ask. You know I will, I don't care what other people may think. We know the truth. \"Yes, and that's all that matters.\" \"When?\" \"As soon as we can.\" \"Let's do it.\" \"Okay, tomorrow at lunch time we'll go to the courthouse; then Wednesday we can get married.\" \"Oh, that sounds so wonderful. But Robert, I know this sounds crazy but I want to live here. We can buy a good sofabed.\" \"Why not your house Catherine?\" \"Tom and I built that house, it's way too big. I've been thinking about selling it. Maybe we could find another lakefront piece of property and you could build our house.\" \"I could do that. The fire's almost out I guess we need to go home.\" \"Soon we will be home.\" \"I love you Catherine.\" \"I thought I would never say those words ever again. I love you, Robert, more than you'll ever know.\" \"Sweet dreams Catherine.\" Inside her house she leaned against the door until she heard him drive away and then started to sing. I'm so happy, happy here with you All I need I found in you I'm so happy, all I need is you The next day they went to the courthouse and applied for their license; the magistrate wished them well. \"Robert, would you mind if Chaplain Steve married us.\" \"Could he on short notice.\" \"Normally probably not, but he knows me.\" \"Catherine, you're doing what? She heard from Marina on the other end of the phone. \"I told you I'm getting married; I'll tell you all about him later; I need you and William to be our witnesses.\" \"When Catherine?\" \"Wednesday at noon in the small Chapel\" \"We'll be there.\" \"Thanks Marina.\" William and Marina met Robert at the chapel door. \"Robert Woodward?\" \"Yes.\" \"We're Catherine's friends, William and Marina.\" \"Nice to meet you, Catherine mentioned you would be here.\" \"I see you have met. Steve said he would be here in a minute.\" Everyone stood at the front of the little chapel; Steve began: Catherine and Robert, when a couple remarries after their loss, they come together having more experience and maturity than an ordinary young couple. Knowing this I ask you both: \"Do you do this freely and with mutual understanding of each other's past?\" They both answered: \"Yes.\" And the vows the couple had written: \"Robert, will you love Catherine with all your heart and remain with her the rest of your life; living a life of love, respect and admiration.\" \"I will.\" And then: \"Catherine, will you love Robert with all your heart and remain with him the rest of your life; living a life of love, respect and admiration.\" \"I will.\" \"It is with extreme pleasure that I now pronounce you husband and wife.\" The couple joined hands and Steve placed his on top. \"May the Lord bless you and keep you; and make his face to shine upon you forever more. May you be rich in blessings, and you know nothing but happiness from this day forward. Amen.\" Robert didn't wait for any words; he brought Catherine to him for a simple but loving kiss. Marina waited a few seconds but then embraced Catherine. \"I don't know why I worried. I can tell how much you both love each other. Take good care of her Robert; she's special.\" \"Yes, I know I'm very lucky.\" \"Not just you Robert, so am I.\" After congratulations from Steve and William, the couple left to tell Lori and Jaclyn their good news. \"Catherine, Dad, this is a surprise.\" Lori looked at them both. \"You got married?\" \"How could you tell Lori?\" \"Well, you Catherine look radiant and Dad's smile is about as big as they get.\" \"So you eloped?\" \"I guess you could say that Jaclyn, right to the hospital chapel.\" \"Dad, I'm glad to see you so happy; I thought I might never see that big smile again.\" \"Thank you, Lori.\" Both of the girls embraced Catherine, their remarks were sincere. \"We couldn't have asked for a better person for our Dad. Are you going anywhere special?\" \"No, just the cabin; It's our special place.\" As they were leaving, Jaclyn reminded them, \"Children's Mass at four, Christmas Eve and dinner here.\" \"We'll be there.\" The couple hurried off to the cabin, the sofa bed had been delivered it was open and waiting for them. \"Catherine, are you nervous?\" \"Strangely yes and you Robert.\" \"Must admit I am, but not like the first time; now it's because I'm over fifty.\" \"Robert, fifty's not old,\" she kissed him and started to undo his tie. He reciprocated and slid her zipper down her back. The couple needn't have worried. They were so comfortable with each other; it was as if they had been married for years. An urgent call from Jaclyn on Christmas Eve morning, sent them hurrying into town; even before Catherine received her emergency page. Jaclyn panicked when Lori's water broke. \"Jeff come quickly, Lori needs to get to the hospital.\" \"I'll be right there.\" He practically flew the short two miles from his place. He and Lori may be living separately but he still loved her; and she was having his child. \"Jaclyn, get Michael's coat, we'll all go.\" Michael sat up front with Jeff, the two sisters in the back; Jaclyn trying to comfort Lori. Jeff drove up to the emergency room entrance; leaving the car running ran inside. \"I need a wheelchair, my wife's water broke and it was bloody.\" Immediately an attendant brought a wheelchair to the car and assisted Lori into it; and hurried her inside. Jaclyn followed. The emergency room physician assumed the worse and had already paged both the OB doctor and the surgical staff on call. Dr. Greene and Catherine arrived at the same time. She wasted no time changing into hospital attire. She was waiting with Robert when Dr. Greene came to speak to Jeff. \"She's almost ready to deliver. There's more bleeding than I'd like to see but the baby's heartbeat is holding strong.\" \"Can I be with Lori, doctor?\" \"As long as you stay seated next to her.\" \"Sally, find him some scrubs, please.\" \"Catherine, please join me in the delivery room; I don't see the Neonatologist; you know infant CPR.\" Sally noticed Robert and Jaclyn pacing. \"Can I get you some fresh coffee?\" \"Yes, that would be great, thank you.\" Sipping their coffee the two continued to pace. Michael sat exceptionally quiet. Finally he asked. \"Are mommy and the baby alright?\" \"Yes, Michael soon you will have a new sister or brother.\" Robert told him as confidently as he could. Michael spotted her first. \"Dr. Cat, Dr. Cat, you're smiling.\" \"Yes, Michael, you have a sister. She's small; you will have to take special care of her.\" \"Did everything go well, Catherine?\" Robert held her hands tightly. \"Yes, we made it just in time, the placenta detached as soon as the baby was born. Dr. Greene gave Lori some medicine to help the bleeding stop.\" \"Did Jeff faint?\" \"Why would you think that, Jaclyn?\" \"Because he almost did when Lori cut her finger with a kitchen knife.\" \"He couldn't see anything; he's holding the baby as we speak.\" It wasn't long, Jeff came out. \"Michael, do you want to see your new sister get a bath? Come you can all watch.\" \"Why does she cry so loud; doesn't she like her bath?\" \"They all cry, Michael. It's good for their lungs; as soon as they wrap her up she'll go right to sleep.\" Michael watched. \"You were right Dr. Cat, she is asleep.\" Catherine only smiled; this made Robert wish they weren't so old, Catherine would have made a wonderful mother. Lori stayed in the hospital until the 26th. She and Jeff had reconciled; but only because Jeff had agreed to go to counseling. For now Jeff was staying at the house. Catherine kept check on baby, Marybeth. Everyday before they went out to the cabin they would stop at the house. Marybeth was doing just fine; Lori was a wonderful mother. On one occasion Robert had brought food from his favorite Italian restaurant for dinner. Jeff asked. \"How long are you two going to live at the cabin?\" \"Until I can build us a new house; Catherine's house will go up for sale after the New Year. I've found a couple of pieces of property on the lake; we will look at them this weekend. I want this house to be yours and Lori's.\" \"Only, if we can buy it from you, Dad.\" \"Alright we'll work out a deal.\" \"And Jaclyn, we'll help you when the time comes.\" Catherine added. Life was good for both families. Lori and Jeff rededicated themselves to their marriage and each other at a simple private ceremony at the church. Lori had learned the truth at their counseling session; one night only Jeff and Heather were working, she came on to him. Jeff was so angry he practically picked her up and threw her out the door and then fetching her purse threw it at her and told to get out and never come back. She made up a story and spread ugly rumors. Catherine and Robert were in heavenly bliss; their happiness was noticed by everyone. Sometimes they had to pinch themselves to be sure it wasn't a dream.[Chapter 4] The big surprise Six months had gone by; Catherine had a dizzy spell after doing a lengthy procedure. She immediately assumed it was her low blood sugar and rushed to her office carrying the cup of coffee she had grabbed; and without delay ate her peanut butter and crackers. Sitting there for about ten minutes had her feeling much better and she finished her day. She was very surprised when this feeling continued to happen. Now it was even in the morning as she first got out of bed. One day she passed by someone carrying some food with a very strong odor; soon she had bile in her throat. Catherine thought it was because she hadn't eaten and it was way past lunch. Catherine was fifty years old. She had had some passing hot flashes a few times. Dr. Kay Holmes her GYN doctor had done blood test which showed her female hormones levels were still quite high. She was not in menopause. Suddenly Catherine had a revelation; putting all these events together. Then telling herself, \"No, I can't be.\" Only one way to find out; after a quick trip to the corner drug store, she had what she needed. Luckily she had her own private bathroom. She read the directions, followed them exactly; then waited three minutes; really not wanting to look – but she did. \"No, no!\" She read the directions again. \"No doubt, it's positive.\" \"What will Robert say?\" But right now she needed to talk to Dr. Holmes. Catherine called her private number. \"Can you see me right now?\" \"Sure Catherine, come to my office.\" \"What's wrong my friend?\" \"This, showing her the test strip.\" \"Catherine you knew you weren't in menopause.\" \"But no cycle since before Robert and I got married, how.\" Kay smiled. \"Isn't this what you always wanted?\" \"Yes, when I was thirty not now that I'm fifty.\" \"It happens Catherine, let me examine you. It may be too early for me to tell anything. Your uterus is larger than it should be. I guess you and Robert will have a conversation tonight.\" \"I guess we will.\" \"You know I will refer you to Dr. Greene, I stopped delivering babies the first of the year.\" \"Yes I know.\" She was waiting for Robert; he saw her and drove to the front steps; getting out as he always did and opened the door for her. \"Thank you my knight in shinning armor.\" \"Your welcome your majesty.\" \"Oh, I'm a queen today not a simple princess.\" They were both laughing as Robert returned to the driver's seat. \"How was you day Robert?' \"Busy, everyone wants everything done yesterday, and yours sweetheart?\" \"Interesting.\" \"Are you going to share Catherine?\" \"When we get home. Can you wait that long?\" They had played this game before. Robert took her at her word. \"Is that dinner I smell?\" \"Yes, I stopped here after my late appointment and put a pot roast and veggies in the oven. Crackers and wine Catherine?\" \"Crackers yes, wine no.\" \"No wine Catherine? How come?\" \"Sit down Robert. I saw Kay Holmes today.\" \"What about?\" \"What would you say if I told you there is a greater than a 50% chance I'm pregnant.\" \"Say that again.\" \"Pregnant.\" Robert jumped out of his seat taking Catherine in his arms, tightly holding her. \"How do you feel about it?\" \"Mixed – have to be a bit worried if it's true. I'm fifty, there are risks.\" \"I know, but that's the chance we will have to take; isn't this something you always wanted?\" \"Yes, when I was in my thirties.\" \"You're alright with it.\" \"I'm elated.\" \"Really Robert!\" \"Really Catherine, when Marybeth was born and I saw how you were with her and Michael, I said to myself, you would make a wonderful mother and I still believe that. I have to ask. You weren't the reason you never got pregnant?\" \"No, Tom was. I found out a couple of years before his cancer that he was sterile. He had had mumps in his twenties. Kay doesn't deliver babies anymore. I have an appointment with Dr. Greene, Tuesday at four. Can you come?\" \"I'll be there.\" \"Cameron, you remember my husband Robert?\" \"Sure do, when Lori had her baby Christmas Eve. Nice to see you again.\" Shaking Robert's hand. \"Catherine, Kay filled me in on her findings and I have the lab test results.\" \"What are they?\" \"You are very pregnant.\" Catherine held Robert's hand tighter. \"The level is higher than I would have expected given Kay's information from her exam. Why don't you go next door and get on a gown. Patty will be in there to help you. Robert and I will be in shortly.\" \"Well Robert, how to you feel about all this?\" \"Elated.\" \"I'm glad to hear that, many couples in their fifties aren't.\" Opening the door to the exam room; \"are you ready for me?\" \"Yes sir,\" he heard from his nurse. Dr. Greene pulled back the sheet. You do have a little bulge there; let me take a look.\" The sonogram probe rolled over Catherine's abdomen flashing images on the monitor. Dr. Greene was waiting for her to say something; she knew how to read sonograms. \"Cameron, do I see two heart beats?\" \"What do you mean two heart beats, Catherine? \"There are two babies Robert.\" \"Twins?\" \"Yes Robert, twins.\" \"The rate of twins in older women is higher than normal. Your ovaries are in a state of flux; sometimes no egg other times two or more. In your case we know it was at least two. After you dress, come back to my office.\" \"Any morning sickness?\" \"Occasional, but nothing bad.\" \"Crackers or bread before liquids; maintain your blood sugar with protein.\" \"Peanut butter, Cameron?\" \"A good source.\" Robert laughed. \"Do you have stock too, doc?\" \"Don't pay any attention to him, Cameron; he likes it as much as I do; peanut butter and jam on a spoon makes a wonderful snack or dessert.\" \"It's delightful to see you both so accepting of this dramatic change in your lives. See you both in four weeks; call if you have any questions.\" \"Thanks doc.\" Hand in hand, Catherine and Robert left the office. \"This is a day we'll never forget, June 15, 2000.\" \"It changes a lot of things.\" \"All for the better.\" \"I'm glad you feel that way Robert.\" \"There's still time for me to make some changes to our house.\" \"Like what?\" \"Enlarge the guest bedroom on the first floor. I'm sure it's as simple as moving a wall, and then two cribs will fit without crowding the room.\" \"In time we will need to fence off part of the yard from the lake.\" \"Yes, that's true, but no hurry on that. Anything else you can think of?\" \"Maybe we should get Lori and Jeff's opinion – they are parents.\" \"We can do that when we tell them.\" \"And when is that?\" \"Saturday at Murray's – I'll call Lori.\"[Chapter 5] The babies They arrived first, Robert asked for the big table in the back. \"Robert, I can't handle chocolate chip pancakes today.\" \"That's going to be noticed, Catherine. What are you going to have? Peanut butter?\" \"Yes.\" \"Catherine, I was teasing; that will be a dead give away.\" \"I'll think of something. Here they come.\" Catherine placed her order last. \"Toast and peanut butter, Bran Muffin and hot tea.\" \"No chocolate chip pancakes Catherine?\" \"Not today Ernie.\" \"That's a strange order Catherine. Like something I would have ordered when I was first pregnant with these two.\" \"Is that right Lori? My stomach can't handle something as sweet as chocolate chip pancakes.\" Trying to be matter of fact about it. Lori wasn't buying it, but she didn't say anything until later. \"Catherine you didn't eat much. What's wrong with your stomach?\" Meanwhile Robert was dying inside, trying to maintain a straight face. \"It seems to be upset in the mornings.\" \"Like morning sickness?\" \"Something like that- \" \"Dad, what did she say?\" \"What do you think she said Lori?\" \"If she has morning sickness….Catherine, are you pregnant?\" She and Robert smiled. \"Yes, and it's not only one, I'm having twins.\" \"You're not….\" \"Oh yes I am. We both saw with our own two eyes; two hearts beating.\" \"You're both so happy.\" \"Couldn't be happier, Lori. Catherine will be a wonderful mother. I can't wait to see her in action. Now we need your opinion – any changes we need to make to our house. I'm enlarging the downstairs guest bedroom to accommodate two cribs.\" Later Lori would tell him. \"Install all the safety latches now; they're needed before you know it and it will be easier to do now.\" Neither told anyone else. Catherine knew that as soon as she told one person at the hospital, it would spread like wildfire. The first person, who was told, was Marina; she came one day to have lunch with Catherine. \"Catherine, there's something different about you. You seem extra happy.\" \"I am Marina.\" \"Are you going to share Catherine?\" \"I'm pregnant.\" \"Pregnant,\" Marina said loud enough for the whole restaurant to hear. Luckily it wasn't very full. \"When Catherine?\" \"January, that's not all. I'm having twins.\" Marina was speechless at first. \"You're so calm about it.\" \"Robert and I are excited. Two babies at once; Dr. Greene tells me their birth will probably put me right into menopause; my hormone levels will drop rapidly. \"I'm really happy for you; I know how much you always wanted a child; now you get two.\" Catherine knew she would share this with William. A day or two later, he asked to see her. \"How long are you going to work, Catherine?\" \"I hope to make it to my seventh month.\" \"I'll keep that in mind when I make the new call schedule.\" \"Robert, are we going to be okay financially when I leave the hospital?\" \"Yes, Catherine, you made good money off the sale of your house. You have an excellent investment portfolio. Since I became president of the company, we have had more opportunities for projects than I could accept. This will be a bonanza year. We should be just fine.\" These babies were due the first week of January, but with twins, it could be anytime after the fifteenth of December. Up until late October, she and Robert had continued to take long walks; they were now shorter, only one mile. By mid-November, Catherine took her official leave from being an active employee to being an at-home consultant; at least until everyone was able to function without her. When a woman has multiple babies, sometimes she doesn't feel contractions; her abdomen is so tight. Dr. Greene was cautious; Catherine had been fitted with an external monitor that she hooked up to the computer a couple of times during the day; and once at night – she wasn't sleeping well anyway, On the morning of December 30th, Catherine did begin to notice the tensing and relaxing of her abdomen, but they didn't bother her. When the monitor delivered this activity to the monitor reader, Dr. Greene was notified immediately. Robert answered the phone. \"Dr. Greene Robert, time to bring Catherine in. Her contractions are four minutes apart and lasting 40-45 seconds. Isn't she complaining?\" \"No Doc, she's laughing.\" \"Bring her in, anyway!\" \"Time to go, Catherine.\" \"Really, I don't feel anything.\" \"Doc said to bring you in, let's go.\" \"Okay.\" They were waiting at the Emergency Room for her – whisked her up to the labor room – immediately connecting her to a monitor. \"Catherine, I can't believe you're laughing. They look like strong contractions.\" \"I only feel tightness.\" \"Let me get Dr. Greene.\" \"I need to exam you, Catherine. Robert, you can stay if you like. You may want to sit.\" Everyone was quiet. \"Well Catherine, you're amazing this first baby is about to be born.\" Just as he spoke Catherine got that terrible urge to push. Now she wasn't laughing; she was focused on delivering this baby. Robert stood in awe; yes they had attended childbirth classes but everything was happening so fast. He wasn't in the delivery room when his girls were born; it wasn't allowed at that time. He kept a firm hand resting on Catherine's arm to show his support. Nurse Sally and Nurse Patty stood on either side of the delivery table; one to help with the first baby the other feeling her abdomen for each contraction. \"Catherine, relax; try to only push with the contraction. Okay here it comes, push Catherine push.\" \"Deep breath, Catherine, I have its head – here comes the rest. It's a girl.\" Sally held on to the baby girl while Doc Greene cut the cord. \"Robert she's so beautiful.\" \"Just like her mother.\" \"I must take her to the warmer, Catherine, you have another baby to concentrate on.\" Almost immediately Catherine felt that urge to push again. This baby took a little longer; Catherine was getting tired. Robert and the doc spoke almost at the same time. \"You're doing great Catherine; I can tell he's coming down.\" \"It won't be long sweetheart, you can do it.\" \"Big push Catherine; okay pant; I want to ease his head out.\" In seconds the room was filled with another baby's cry. \"You two got your wish it's a boy.\" \"Really doc?\" \"See for yourself,\" as he held the baby for them to see all of him. I can tell he weighs more than his sister; that's why he took a little longer to come out.\" After the baby boy was taken from Catherine, they baby girl was brought to her in order to give mother and baby some more time to bond. \"Robert, you can touch her.\" \"She's got her mother's soft skin.\" \"Make way for your son,\" they soon heard. A nurse stood on either side; for safety. Catherine could only look at them; her arms were full. It wasn't long before her emotions caught up with her and tears of happiness streamed down her face. \"Robert, we're going to take them to the nursery. Why don't you come with us while they attend to Catherine? Before leaving he gave Catherine a big kiss, \"thank you darling, you were super.\" \"I couldn't have done it without you.\" Robert first went to the waiting room; everyone was there. \"Well Dad, tell us.\" \"We have a son and a daughter, she was born first; they're perfect we were just told. I need a cup of coffee.\" \"They recently made a fresh pot, I'll get you some.\" \"Well, Dad, how does it feel to be a new dad again?\" \"Wonderful, Jeff, wonderful.\" \"Anyone want to see the babies?\" they heard. Follow me. Young man you can climb on the viewing platform to see better. \"They're crying just like Marybeth did. Dr. Cat told me it was good for them to cry. They'll go to sleep as soon as they have on clothes and a blanket.\" \"Thank you, Dr. Michael, for that piece of information.\" \"Do they have names, Grandpa? I'll let grandma tell you.\" \"Mr. Woodward, you can see your wife now. Everyone else, give her a few minutes; both babies need to feed. I'll come get you soon.\" Catherine had the girl; Robert immediately picked up his son. \"Did he feed yet Catherine?\" \"No we need to trade.\" Catherine's experience in holding babies made it much easier for her to put the baby to her breast. The little boy latched on well, but soon he grew tired and fell asleep. \"When Michael comes in, he's going to ask you their names.\" \"Okay, I know our choices.\" The whole family crowded into the room; everyone getting a good look at these babies. \"I can't believe how big they are.\" Yes, the girl weighed four pounds seven ounces and the boy five pounds two ounces.\" \"What did you name them, Grandma?\" \"Robert, your son's name is?\" \"Samuel Robert; and the girl Catherine?\" \"Rebecca Catherine, probably call her Becca.\" \"I like them.\"[Chapter 6] Epilogue This epilogue will close the book on this story. Robert and Catherine had a wonderful life; with these babies their family was complete. They would share all the experiences; the ups and downs; the teenage years and all the rest. Fast forward 25 years; Robert and Catherine are sitting together on the sofa in their bedroom on a cold winter's night; a fire is burning keeping them extra warm. Here they were, alone once again; their son and daughter had both married and were living happily on their own. They still owned the cabin; remodeled and enlarged but still the memories remain. Children and grandchildren had lived there over the years – from Michael and Marybeth; Jaclyn's two Jacob and Jenny and most recently Becca and Sam. They were only 75 and 77; they would cherish everyday and live each to its fullest. They knew that they had been given more reasons to be happy than most couples. When I think about this couple a song by the late Etta James comes to mind, paraphrasing: At last, my love has come along My lonely days are over And life is like a song The night I looked at you I found a dream that I could speak to A dream that I can call my own Oh, yeah when you smile, you smile Oh, and then the spell was cast And here we are in heaven For you are mine At last ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own any of these characters, and I don't know who does own them, although the m"},{"Movie":"Insidious, 2011","Title":"Pain of Loss","Author":"horrorparagore","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9694176","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Pain of Loss Chapter 1: No Process 'It was a plain old day. I had to work, and the nanny was with Scott. I had my plain old negative outlook on work, bad co-workers, lousy boss, bad income. My work pretty much ruined every positive thing awaiting for me the next few years, I had a negative outlook on life, everything that me and Scott did together that we both liked, was pretty much ruined in my mind, as I always thought ''Tomorrow I am going to have to go to work again.'' And that pretty much ruined my mood. I should have spent more time taking care and spending time with my son. I was so selfish. He was my kid, and he was hating his childhood years, cause his dad was dead, and he had a mom who worked every day, and he was stuck with a strict nanny. I so regret not having given my son a better life, he deserved it! He was such a special little boy, the cutest kid ever, and so playful. And I took it all for granted!' Nancy, the psychiatrist of Samantha was a 47 year old woman. Nancy heard everything Samantha just said. Nancy said 'Samantha, you have to know, everything you did, was all to make sure you could keep affording the house. If you didn't work, you would have eventually ended up on the streets.' Samantha had tears streaming down her face, in a stuttering tone she said: 'Yes, I know! But time with your child at such a young age is priceless. You can never have them back, it's the memories you make with your child at such a young age that makes it all so special to think back on later on in life. And I took it all for granted, and I don't think I will ever be able to get over it. You see a lot of people that have a psychiatrist that have problems like that they are insecure, or troubled. But nothing can compare to what the pain I have to go through. A mother losing her child is the worst, and I can't explain the feeling, you will never know that feeling of an empty feeling in your heart, and just the constant memory of that you once had a child who used to smile to you, and who used to love you. And for you to sit there, making excuses for me being the bad mother I was, is extremely stupid, as you should be blaming me!' 'Mrs., it's completely normal to have these thoughts on such an early stage of having lost your child in such a brutal manner.' 'You're doing it again! You know nothing about me! You're sitting there in your leather chair thinking you know everything. You can say all these stuff on that I couldn't have changed anything, but that isn't going to help me!' Samantha stood up, and sprinted out of the room in tears. Nancy wanted to follow her, but ended up not doing so. Nancy grabbed her notebook that she was writing in as Samantha was just talking. There wasn't any process from the last times. She always begins the story, of that fatal day. But ends up never going to the actual moment. Nancy knew it would take time, but not this much time. She simply didn't know what she had to. She completely got where Samantha was coming from. Nancy of course could not imagine the feeling that Samantha is going through. But all Nancy knew at this moment, is that she will not give up on Samantha, she will continue to help her, but how it's looking now, is not good.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: I Will Never Forgive Myself Samantha slammed the door shut as she walked into her house. She collapsed onto the couch, and shoved her head into the pillow. Thinking about everything. Her head was a mess, everything was out of order. She couldn't think straight anymore. Sandra was still sitting in the same chair as just barely. She had a phone on a desk next to her. Sandra grabbed the telephone, and dialed Christa's number in. Christa was Samantha's best friend already since high school. Christa has long blonde hair, that always reminded Scott of sand. She has a little scar under her right eye, from a cat she had when she was a kid. She was playing with the cat, and obviously the cat didn't feel like playing. So that cat scratched her under her right eye really hard. The scar doesn't bother her, but it is definitely visible, which usually led strangers passing by staring at her eye. Sandra got a hold of Christa. Christa said 'Hello this is Christa, who is this?' 'Hello Christa, my name is Sandra Twine, I am the psychiatrist of Samantha.' 'Oh.. Hello.' Christa said with a suddenly softer tone. 'Sorry that I need to bother you, but is it okay if you can come here, cause I am having trouble with Samantha's treatment right now, it isn't going well… at all, and I am afraid she might do something to herself… bad!' 'Yes of course!' Christa said with a worried tone. 'Can you come now?' 'Yeah, I am on my way.' Samantha was sitting on the couch. Staring at the wall. Thinking: 'What's left for me on this earth!' Samantha started getting emotional again. Just thinking about Scott, made her so emotional. Samantha suddenly thought 'I can't take this anymore, I am going to end all of this right now!' Samantha slowly stood up off the couch, she walked out of the living room, through the hallway, and into the dining room. As soon as she opened the door to the Dining room, it looked like it had just snowed, there was ''snow'' over everything, as soon as Samantha stepped into the room, it right away slowly started snowing. Samantha, who was not in her right mind, didn't think anything about it, and walked towards the kitchen, as she turned to get into the kitchen she right away saw a man dressed in black, staring at her from the middle of the kitchen. It was a full grown man. Samantha was startled this time, she asked 'Who are you?' The man continued staring at her, she couldn't fully see a face. She only saw the mouth, sticking out from under the hoodie. That mouth shape came so familiar to Samantha, that she felt nostalgic feelings coming up. She couldn't quite figure out what it was. The ''snow'' was covering the black clothes of the man, the snow was all over the floor. Samantha then saw the man slowly fading. As soon as he was gone, all the darkness and ''snow'' was gone, and the sun started shining through the curtains again. Before what had just happened, Samantha was on her way to the kitchen to end her life. But now she felt different, she still felt miserable. But it felt like something was holding her from doing it. Almost like someone else had a grip on her…. Christa walked to the administration desk. Before Christa could even ask for Sandra. Sandra already came walking up. 'Hey Christa!' said Sandra full enthusiasm. 'Hi Dr. Sandra!' 'Please just call me Sandra.' Christa forced a fake smile, and walked with Sandra to Sandra's office, as soon as they were there. Sandra asked: 'Here, have a seat, and would you like anything to drink?' Christa sat down, and then said ''No thanks, I am not that thirsty, but thanks for offering.' 'Of course.' Sandra then went to sit down and said to Christa: 'So now for the actual reason why you are here.' Christa was waiting for Sandra to say something. Sandra was looking through her notebook real quick, and then shut it close and said 'Well since Samantha has been here, there has been no progress. Out of all 10 appointments we've had she only started with what happened all before Scott's death.' Christa felt her stomach drop again, every time someone mentioned Scott, she felt this empty feeling suddenly hit her. Her and Scott, used to have such a good relationship. Scott always wanted to play with Christa, Christa was kind of like a second mother for Scott. So Christa was also very hurt and shocked when she heard he had been killed. Christa then said 'Well, I can't really say I blame her, to talk about such a traumatic event has to take a lot out of you. And the whirlwind of emotions that comes along with it is crazy. She still needs time to heal, well she will never ever be fully healed, cause losing a child, is very hard to deal with for any parent, and especially if it's in such a brutal way as Scott died, and by the way, you already know the full details about Scott's murder, why are you then making Sam go through all of this again, she is very hurt, and by bringing this up every time is not helping her!' 'Yes, Christa I am very well aware of that, but she can't just ignore talking about it for the rest of her life. She needs to tell her point of view to be able to release some of the anger. Well you aren't a psychiatrist, but trust me, It really helps after they told you about how they see it!' 'Well, you said to me that it is taking too long for her to get to the point, well, let her do it at her own pace. She is still grieving, give the woman a break!' Christa said with a defensive tone. 'Yes, Christa I know that. Why don't you tell me about Scott, so that I can have a little bit more background.' 'Scott, was a very, very sweet little boy, I would have taken care of him in a heartbeat if I didn't have to work all the time. Sam wanted someone who could be available pretty much 24/7. So pretty much someone that could be available whenever she needed him or her. So then Sam decided to hire, Nicole. Nicole was a very nice lady. She was in her mid20's, she didn't finish school, so she couldn't really get a good job, and of course working for Sam, who herself isn't that rich wasn't very smart. But Sam paid well, pretty much half of her income went to Nicole. Nicole didn't really have any other stuff to do, so that's why Nicole was willing to babysit Scott while Sam worked. But Nicole even though she was nice, she was very strict. Sometimes it even seemed like she was trying to teach Scott how to behave. Well, she also didn't let him go outside, only in the backyard. She was very strict, but Sam kept her anyway. It sometimes seemed like she thought Scott was her own, and that she was raising him up in her way instead of how Sam wanted to raise him.' Before Christa could speak further Sandra asked 'How do you know all of this?' 'Sam told me everything what Scott told to her.' 'Did Scott like Nicole?' 'No he did not.' 'Why did Sam keep her then?' 'It was for personal reasons, Sam didn't tell me why, that is pretty much the only thing she has ever held back from me.' 'Know why she held it back?' Christa said in a shocked tone: 'No of course not! I just told you that she held it back from me, how would I know why she held it back?' 'Sorry, it's a little trick psychiatrists use, they try and ask the same question but then in a different way to see if they were holding it back the first time.' 'Well that's stupid! It obviously doesn't work!' 'You'll be shocked on how much times it succeeded, it always fails when it comes to the main reason why they are there, but always the little details it usually works. But anyways, I think I know enough. Thank you so much for coming, you have been a great help!' Christa stood up and said: 'Sure, I'd do anything for Sam!' She then put on her coat. 'Take care, Christa!' 'You too.' Christa walked out of the room. As she walked outside she saw it was completely dark. She looked at her watch, she saw it was only 4:00 PM. She thought It was very strange. Kind of too strange. She had an awkward feeling walking to her car, kind of an uncomfortable feeling. As she was walking towards her car on the parking lot. She noticed a black figure that stood by the tree, he was printed into the background, but just barely noticeable to see. Christa walked closer to him to see who it was, she slowly walked to the tree. As she was walking closer, by each step he started to fade away, like a bleaching shirt losing its color, but way faster. The closer she came the less visible he became, and after a while he just completely disappeared. And suddenly it was light out again. Christa was kind of freaked out after she saw he was gone out of nowhere. She ran towards her car and raced out of the parking lot, trying to get home as fast as possible. ","Summary":" Pain of Loss Chapter 1: No Process 'It was a plain old day. I had to work, and the nanny was with S"},{"Movie":"Country Strong","Title":"Hide Me, Babe","Author":"Winchester26","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6923673","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Kelly wants me to go on tour with her…\" Beau whispered as we laid in bed, his arms tight around my waist. We weren't sleeping just yet, but the windows were opened a crack, letting in a light breeze and the soothing sound of crickets. \"I'd expect no less…but…wait- doesn't she still have a month left? I thought you said-\" \"They pulled her out…her…husband pulled her for the tour,\" he said. I knew that he didn't agree. Beau had faced his fair share of trouble with drinking. But he was four years, three months and twenty three days sober. And he just wanted to help others be the same. He was one of the good ones. \"Oh…\" I said- not knowing much about it and there was definitely nothing I could do to fix it. Beau was a healer- and someone had interrupted his process. \"But…does this mean you're leaving?\" I asked, my hand gripping his more tightly. \"Maybe…\" He drawled, \"I ain't been officially asked yet…her husband don't seem to like me much…\" \"That's insane…\" I mumbled back, slowly being taken over by sleep, \"Everyone loves you, Beau…including me…\" And that was the last thing I remembered. When I woke- Beau was not lying next to me. Not that I was surprised. I slowly rolled out of bed and headed into the kitchen of our small apartment. He was cooking. And he looked really into it. I ran my fingers through my tangled hair and leaned against the frame, \"You're playing downtown tonight, right?\" I asked, giving a yawn. He nodded. His white wife beater protected his perfect chest from being damaged by the crackling bacon on the stove top. \"I've got a feelin' that James Canter will be there…\" he said. \"You nervous?\" I asked. He shook his head. But I knew he was lying. \"Save me a seat at the show tonight?\" I asked. I had to get dressed for work. At first there was no response. But slowly, I saw a smile crack slowly across his features, \"Yeah…yea always…\" he finally looked at me. I smiled back, \"You bet your sweet ass, always,\" I said. \"I'm going to get ready for work…\" \"You takin' a shower?\" he asked, moving the bacon from a live burner to the back. I nodded, \"Yeah, why- you need it first?\" But his next look told me everything. I slowly smiled and motioned my head in a sultry manner towards the bathroom. He followed without question.[Chapter 2] There I sat, shooting the shit with some of the locals that came out to see Beau play. Although, I had been irritated to find that a miss Chiles Stanton was advertised outside as the star player. But after waitin' and complainin' he came out to play his three-song set. We danced, we sang, and sooner than I'd like- he was done. And then that beauty-queen pageant girl made her entrance and I waited. What was this going to be? But she stuttered, stopped, and froze. My mouth was agape. Who'd let this girl on stage? She was pretty- and her voice may or may not be good…but she was as frightened as a church mouse. And then I heard it. A voice from the back. The voice I loved more than anything in the world. Beau began to sing and made his way back up to the stage. And he saved her. There he went- being his immaculate self. The girl steals his set and he still saves her in the end. I looked to my left to see a couple girls talking back and forth to each other. I couldn't make out much but I'd heard enough. They were nearing the end of the song and the girls crowded the stairs of the stage. I stood up, hovering nearby. Now, because of the person that Beau was- I trusted him. It wasn't the first time a couple of drunk skanks decided they wanted to do the performer…but it wouldn't be the last time I claimed my man. Just as Chiles and Beau finished their song, I saw Beau's eyes flicker to me, the end of the stage, and back to me. He winked. Only I knew it was for me. So, I settled back down in my chair. The crowd clapped and whooped and when they settled, Chiles stepped back and Beau took the microphone, \"I'd…I'd like to play…just one more song…if that's allright with ya'll…\" He waited, everyone clapped and agreed. So, Beau continued, \"This one goes out to a very special girl in the audience. And I just want to let her know- she'll always be my only one.\" He went into his rendition of \"Hide Me, Babe\"…I lost count of how many times he sang the song to me…but I still got the chills every time.[Chapter 3] \"He wants me to open for Kelly… with Chiles Stanton…\" Beau explained as we headed towards his truck in the parking lot. He'd gone out for a smoke with the boys and James Canter had approached him with an offer. \"If she acts anything like she did tonight…she won't last one city, baby…then it'll be all you…\" I tried to comfort him as he swung his guitar into the bed of the pick-up and to strap it down. Beau didn't reply. He just focused on the clasp for his guitar case- which did not seem to be shutting, and got more frustrated as each second ticked by. Finally, I placed my hand on his gently. He slowly let go, his teeth gritted and in one smooth movement, his guitar was locked in place. \"Look, baby,\" I said desperately, \"You've gotta take this. There's no other musician in the world that deserves this as much as you…\" Beau looked down at me, his jaw slowly relaxing. \"I know you don't care who you play for- but that's just it…do this one tour…see what it's like…you can say you've played for a stadium full of people on a sold-out show…and then…you'll never have to do it again…\" Beau placed his arms around me and sighed, shaking his head, \"I don't know, babe…\" I sighed, \"And if I'm willing to give you up for that long…\" I smiled, trying to get him to break into one, \"It's gotta be one hell of a good thing…\" Beau's lips cracked a smile- but just as soon as it came- it'd gone. \"I'm not going to be away from you that long…\" he replied slowly. I pursed my lips- ready to let him have it- to make him go on this goddamn tour- but he continued before I had the chance, \"You were my condition.\" \"Excuse me?\" I asked; my full southern accent whipping out of nowhere. \"I told James Canter…that if I had to travel through the tour with Miss Chiles Stanton…you had to be with me…\" I shook my head, \"You didn't…oh Beau…I don't want to ruin this for you…\" \"You don't want to come and sit between Chiles and I? Knock around some drunk girls after the shows? Thought you'd love that…\" \"Beau…I'm just gonna be dead weight, baby…\" \"Guess little miss Chiles is sorta pretty…\" he looked around the parking lot as if trying to find her. I punched his arm with my delicate fist. \"Don't you dare Beau Hutton!\" Beau laughed, \"Then come with me…\" \"Alright…\" I agreed. \"I do love knocking around the drunk girls that come around...\" I reasoned with a sarcastic smile. \"And that's what I told Mr. Canter- you double as security…\" Beau squeezed her tighter- feeling better about the situation as we talked. That's when Miss Chiles Stanton decided to make an appearance in the parking lot. \"Well Beau…\" she began in her obnoxiously high voice. \"It was awfully nice playing with you…\" she stopped alongside the truck. She seemed to completely ignore my existence, \"And I'm looking forward to the tour…\" she continued, \"Maybe you'll learn a thing or two…\" she began to walk away. I told myself: don't say anything…don't say anything…don't start any drama, \"Oh? And what's that? How to freeze on stage?\" Damn it. Chiles turned around, \"That was nothing,\" she laughed, \"I was just getting' acquainted with the audience…I however, do not need to ride on anyone's shoulders to get places,\" she shot. .she. \"Well, I wouldn't worry too much about that,\" I told her, \"The only place you're going, is back to your second place beauty pageants,\" I felt Beau squeeze my waist as if to tell me to stop, but it was like word vomit, \"Because you'll never get anywhere…someone is always better than you.\" I was mad. I was mad this girl went and wedged herself into Beau's perfect opening act for Kelly Canter. I was mad that she would have totally failed tonight if Beau hadn't saved her ass. And I totally hated her…because she was totally hot. \"Alright, alright…Chiles, we've gotta head out…\" Beau said. Chiles' jaw had dropped to the ground. \"We'll see you at the bus…\" he began to usher me towards the passenger seat. (By 'usher' I mean drag shamelessly). \"Yeah, see you Beau,\" she replied, but her little fists were shaking. Beau wrenched open the passenger seat door and stood behind me as I got in, as if making sure I didn't turn around and rip the big hair off of the little girl's head. He shut the door and bustled into the driver's seat and started the truck. Its diesel engine roared to life and we were out of the parking lot. \"What was that?\" Beau asked, but I was pretty sure he was trying very hard to keep from laughing. \"She totally stole your show, Beau….\" \"I don't think the drunks noticed…\" he said, reaching out and putting his hand on my knee. \"Not tonight…well tonight…but I mean you're opening act…if that little,\" there was a pause as I searched for the perfect descriptive word for Chiles Stanton…but I couldn't come up with anything, so Beau intervened, \"It's fine, babe, I promise,\" he squeezed my knee. \"You know I don't like that sort of attention anyway…\" I sighed, calming myself down. \"Yeah…guess so…\" I said grumpily, looking out the window. \"C'mon now, don't be like that…\" he said, reaching out and touching the nape of my neck gently. I sighed. I could never be bitter or petty when he was around. He was too good for his own good. \"Yeah…\" I muttered, \"And if she thinks she's gettin' any INCH of you…\" Beau laughed even harder, \"Do I look that desperate, babe?\" \"YOU BETTER NOT BE!\" And then we laughed ourselves all the way home.[Chapter 4] I'd had two days to pack my bags. But it had gotten to be 6am the morning we were leaving for the tour and I was nowhere near ready. We had two hours left to sleep which Beau, Mr.I-Packed-My-Stuff-On-Time-Because-I'm-A-Guy-And-Don't-Need-Anything was fast asleep wheen I started bustling around the apartment like a maniac. What does a girl bring on tour? It was like a long vacation…but the key word long was there…I could not even pack light on a three day weekend get-away to a rental cabin two hours away…how was I supposed to travel the country? I emptied my bathroom supplies into a plastic bag, grabbed my make-up bag and tossed them into the suitcase I bought special for this occasion. Finally- it was time for the closet. I creaked open the doors and peered in. Now, it was not going to all fit in my suitcase…but I had to pick and choose…make a decision. Not one of my strong points. \"Babe, what are you doin' to that suitcase?\" Beau drawled, shifting a bit as he started to wake up. He'd caught me. I was lying on top of my suitcase, trying to force the sleeves of my clothing into the bag and make the zipper enclose it all. \"We're bonding,\" I replied sourly, frustrated at my task. Finally, in defeat, I rolled onto the floor and stared at the ceiling, \"I can't go, Beau…\" I heard him roll out of bed and before I knew it he was casting a soft shadow over me because of the sunlight that was creeping through our cheap blinds. He flipped open the suitcase and rifled through it. I couldn't watch. About a minute later, I heard the zipper z ip right into place. I finally opened my eyes and sat up, \"How did you do that?\" I looked from the suitcase to the man, amazed. Beau smiled a little as he shuffled towards the bathroom door, \"I promise you do not need all three pairs of your Converse. One color's enough,\" and the door clicked shut. I looked back at my enemy; Hmm….guess he's right… \"Sorry I hurt you,\" I apologized, patting the suitcase lid, \"I was just mad at myself…\" == A Few Hours Later == When we pulled into the parking lot, I saw the grand ol' tour bus parked for all to see, a crowd of reporters, some fans and the van that we were going to be taking from city to city. I pulled my suitcase close. \"We have to stick together in times like these,\" I whispered to Lou (my suitcase). \"What?\" Beau asked, he hadn't heard me but I'm pretty sure he'd thought I was talking to him. \"Nothing,\" I replied, \"I didn't say anything…\" But Lou heard me… and that was all that mattered… [Author's Note : There is great stuff in store for this story- but I thought I'd come back from the hiatus with a little humor. Stay tuned!][Chapter 5] It was worth it enough to watch Miss America embarrass herself in front of Kelly Canter…but karma came back around to bite me in the behind when we all piled in to the little white van and it finally sunk in that ….all across this beautiful country of ours…I was going to have to share a car with little miss Chiles and her big hair. Luckily, with a little pleading to the other band members, I convinced them to let Beau and I climb into the very back…even though we shared some of the space with our stuff…and we graciously let the other two boys sit in the middle row with Chiles…who'd brought flashcards along for the ride. Beau and I started talking again- one subject leading to another when our voices got quieter as the conversation became more serious, \"You know I don't want to be dead weight, Beau…\" \"You're not gonna be,\" he replied, \"Remember…if I'm going to perform in front of sold-out crowds...I need you there, babe.\" ' My heart warmed a little bit and I nodded. \"I can't wait to see you on stage in Dallas,\" I gushed. \"I'm going to be so proud…\" I faked a choked up voice. He nudged me with his arm, \"Oh hush…\" but he was blushing a light red. I laughed, \"But really…\" I told him, \"It'll be great.\" Then, out of the blue, Chiles popped up in her seat, \"Oh! I love this song! Turn it up!\" she urged the driver, who glanced in the rear view and obliged. I sighed. She would. It was some new song by the newest teen pop sensation. It made me wonder why Chiles was into country at all. Besides her southern drawl and never ending wardrobe of southern style, she was a Disney teen sensation waiting to happen. Then I realized Beau was looking at me. \"What?\" I demanded playfully. \"You're judging face is on…\" he told me with a knowing smile. I sighed. Damn my traitorous face! \"Sorry…\" I softened up. Chiles, truthfully wasn't that bad. I just had a sinking feeling that she wanted her little touring-princess-fairytale to end with a knight in shining armor falling for her little siren's song…which I knew could never be Beau…because he was one of the good ones…but it was just territorialness that came out of no where & I couldn't shake it. I cuddled into Beau, feeling my eyelids begin to droop. Even when you weren't the driver- long car rides were taxing. I closed my eyes, my head on his shoulder. I'm not sure how long I was asleep, but I was jerked away when the car veered sharply onto the dusty side of the road after a loud pop. When my wits came about, and everyone and everything had settled I realized what had happened. We'd blown a tire. In the middle of nowhere. The driver was apparently contacting the tour bus up ahead first. I sighed. \"We brought beer, right?\" I muttered, mostly to myself. But when Joe held up a little red and white cooler I smiled, \"You're my favorite,\" the doors popped open and everyone exited the vehicle just as the sun was reaching the horizon. Joe popped open the cooler and everyone, save for Chiles, indulged. We were informed that the tour bus would continue on to the destination as we waiting for AAA. When Joe asked Chiles why she didn't take a beer, she replied, \"Oh- I'm watching my figure. None of those empty calories for me…\" she giggled, returning to a 'perfect diction' book she'd brought along. I sighed. I set my beer aside. Damn her. Beau laughed, \"Oh, don't be that way…\" he said, nudging me with his beer hand. \"You're fine…\" \"She started it…\" I muttered. \"Am I going to have to put you into time out?\" he asked playfully. I looked at him, trying to remain stone-faced…but his smile was melt-worthy. \"I'd say yes…except…\" my eyes lingered on all of our companions. \"I'll owe ya one…\" ","Summary":" \"Kelly wants me to go on tour with her…\" Beau whispered as we laid in bed, his arms tight around "},{"Movie":"Penelope","Title":"Behind the Mirror","Author":"swingdancer23","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7554658","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Behind the Mirror My whole life, I've barely known a world Outside of my own little room. Mother always said I couldn't go out Because the kids would make fun Of my pig nose. So I don't even know what grass feels like Beneath my feet. That was when I was little. Now I'm a grown woman Of twenty-four. Twenty-four and still at home Living under my mother's Watchful eye. Now that I'm old enough To marry, suitors come from All over the city to Court me from Behind the mirror. I can see them, but They only see themselves, and a Seemingly mysterious voice Talks to them as it tries To befriend them. They whisper sweet nothings To try and win my love. Or is it my dowry they want? When I trust them enough, I reveal my true identity to them. But they always run. It's happened every time, so I've given up. I'm okay with the fact that I will Always be here, waiting, wishing, wondering… Will someone ever come and rescue Me from this prison Behind the mirror? So this is my 3rd attempt at poetry, ever! I'm kind of scared to see how it goes over, but, yeah. This obviously takes place before Max/Johnny comes into the picture, so...I hope you enjoyed, and please review! ","Summary":" Behind the Mirror My whole life, I've barely known a world Outside of my own little room. Mother al"},{"Movie":"Penelope","Title":"The Choices We Make","Author":"Ally Charlotte Piper","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9025403","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: So I just watched this movie for about the millionth time, and thought it was time to expand on the one scene that gets me every time. R&R; lovelies! Might be a one-shot, depending on the request rate. -ACP- The Choices We Make \"Marry me, Max.\" Penelope begged, tears welling up in those impossibly unreal eyes. A moment ticked past as Johnny tried to think of a way, any way that he could ever live with himself if he did. But could he live with himself if he didn't? No, no easy bid out on this one. He wanted to, even though that was insane and this was real life. Really, how long had he known her for? But god, he wanted to be the one to say yes, to make every single misguided dream she'd ever had come true. And if he did, what then? He would lie to her forever for the sake of being with her? Could he do that? \"Marry me!\" she cried, and he knew he couldn't. And anyway, it wouldn't matter. It was like he'd said. The curse wouldn't break. ' Then I'll kill myself. I promise, I will. ' He wanted to scream, to hit something, to knee ever son of a bitch that ever got her hopes up just to run away in the nuts for driving her to the point where she could even stand to say that, to consider it and promise to it. \"I can't.\" he said as loud as he could manage, and in that instant he learned what heartbreak looked like. It was right there in her eyes, the tears about to fall, the shattering of a final hope, of a life that they had both been imagining for themselves together in two little words. Her face held all the betrayal of the world, and he realized that he was now one of Them; one of the many in a long, horrible line of men who wouldn't- couldn't- stay with her, for whatever bullshit reason or another. Except he was worse. She had let him in, and trusted him. And he let her down in the only way that he could. \"Get out.\" ","Summary":" A/N: So I just watched this movie for about the millionth time, and thought it was time to expand o"},{"Movie":"Penelope","Title":"Penelope Goes On","Author":"Consti Grandchester","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8871093","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Penelope Goes on Hi! This is the English version of Penelope fanfiction in Spanish that I wrote last year. I don't own the characters, and the start of this story is the kiss scene from the movie, but the rest is all mine. Who didn't see the movie may be, have to do it to understand this story better. Enjoy and give me a review! -I don't have the power to break the curse- confessed Johnny -It turned out I did- Penelope told as she takes off her mask she had on Not being able to hide his astonishment the only thing he could said was. My name's Johnny -I know Johnny, I'm still me, said Penelope He caresses her cheek tenderly and then he hugs her and kisses her passionately. They got apart when they were out of breath. Then, they went to sit down on a comfortable leather couch near Johnny's bed. -I missed you so much! I love you Penelope, he confessed -I love you too Johnny -How did you find me?, he asked curiously And the girl explained to him about the folder with Lemon's report that Wanda gave her. -Do you want to go to the party? Invited her Johnny -No I don't. I prefer to stay- refused Penelope - I wanna you tell about yourself all over again. I just found out your real identity- she laughed -Where do I start? Said Johnny Johnny told her everything, his father, and how they lived how happy they were despite the lack of money, his love for music and his gambling problem. -Thanks to you my life changed. Suddenly I was aware of all the opportunities that I was losing. You have everything (money, properties, and maids) but you were locked up in your own house because of that spell, and me, having the chance to enjoy going outside, the sun, the park, the Cloverdilly Pub. I knew I have to change and that I can do something big with my life instead of wasting it gambling. You inspire me and make me wanna be better. Confessed Johnny -Johnny! No one ever said that to me before and I'm proud of you, of how you are getting back on track. And I have to thank you as well you helped me to realize that I should accept me the way I am. That's why I left home at that time and that's why I didn't marry Edward. The young couple hugs and kisses again suddenly they heard a knock on the door interrupting their romantic moment. -Ignore it, he asked as he was trying to kiss her again -It could be my friend Annie It was Annie. Hello! How's everything going? I hope no to be interrupting anything important No Annie, come on in- Penelope Come on goys, the party is winding down Take easy! We're coming- you must be Annie. Nice to meet you Nice to meet you Johnny- I'll wait for you guys outside Penelope was about to get the door when Johnny put Kiss me! They kissed and went to the party The end ","Summary":" Penelope Goes on Hi! This is the English version of Penelope fanfiction in Spanish that I wrote las"},{"Movie":"Penelope","Title":"I Love You No Matter What","Author":"TheGirlWhoLikesTooMuchStuff","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11377688","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Marry me, Max. Marry me.\" \"I can't.\" This was all Johnny Martin AKA 'Max Campion' could think to say. Penelope's expression dropped and the tears that threatened to fall pooled over and glistened on her checks. \"Get out.\" Johnny stared at her and opened his mouth to say something but nothing came out. \"Get out!\" \"Out!\" Penelope's mother and match-maker yelled at him. He blinked and looked down. They pulled him away from the stair case and towards the door. He felt like he was walking in a dream and this all wasn't real. This couldn't be happening…This—why was this happening? He walked out the door. He kept walking; not sure where to go. He walked through the gate and ignored Lemon's one-eyed glare and Edward's questioning about what just happened. He just kept walking. He felt like walking in front of a bus. As her mother and Wanda pulled Max away, Penelope sank down on the stairs. She cried. She been through this before. Every man she ever meant ran from her, left her; but this time it was different. She loved him, more than anything. And more than anything she wanted him to love her. But it was obvious, he felt the same way all the others did and it broke her heart. Her mother didn't seem to care. \"Okay, this is what we're going to do. We'll start fresh tomorrow-\" \"Are you serious?\" Wanda asked. At least someone cared how she felt. \"What? It's not like we haven't been through all this before.\" Her mother and Wanda had a mild argument about what to do next. Penelope stood up and walked up to her room. \"Penelope! I will never give up, sweetheart,\" her mother said on the other side of her door. Penelope sat on her made shift swing and zoned her mother out. \"Never, Penelope.\" She swung back and forth; she thought about all the suitors that had ran away from her over the years. \"Never, Penelope.\" She thought about the last few weeks, the weeks she spent with Max. She knew her mother would never give up and that made her feel worser still. She knew one thing, she had to get out of here. Johnny went back to the gambling tables. Penelope took her mother's credit card and left that night. He stayed for what felt like months. She saw the park; children running around, circus performers laughing, fireworks going off in the distance, bubbles flying everywhere. It was beautiful. It wasn't until the card dealer came back eight hours later and talked about his family that Johnny realized he had to get out of here. She called her parents and told them she loved them and goodbye. She then found a hotel and stayed up for hours looking at the view of the city. It took all of his willpower to slowly get up from his chair and leave the joint. She saw an ad in the paper saying: Have You Seen This Pig? There also was an ugly drawling of what was supposed to be her. There was a $5000 reward for anyone who got the picture. She tore out the page. She saw her parents at her hotel and quickly ran away. That's when she called the number in the ad. She had her picture taken in a photo booth. She was in the papers the next couple days. Johnny saw her in the papers. It infuriated him when he saw that Lemon was the person who got the credit for the pictures. He went to the newspaper office the next day and gave him half of what he had given him. That's when he learned that Penelope was the one who sold Lemon her picture and was out there in the world. Later on the elevator, he smiled knowing she would show everyone that she could make it on her own. Penelope went to the Cloverdilly pub and had beer on tap for the first time. She became friends with Jack the bartender, and a fun quirky lady named Annie. Annie showed her the sites and took her to all of the amazing places. He got a job cleaning up the club he used to play the piano at. But he constantly found himself playing the piano and thinking about Penelope. After weeks of hiding her parents caught up to her and chased her to the Cloverdilly; where she passed out. She couldn't breathe through her scarf. The next day she woke up in a hospital and was greeted with the paparazzi; they didn't run. She continued to have fun with Annie and her new friends. And then she saw Max. He had been reading the papers, keeping up to date with what Penelope was doing with her life. He went to a bar to relax after a long day dealing with Sam the club owner, when he saw her. She was playing darts with a group of people, she looked like she was having fun. She threw the last dart, which went rogue and flew into the wall a few feet away from him. He took this opportunity and yanked it from the wall. He walked with it and waited for her to turn around before giving it to her. He was the last person on Earth she expected to see. He held the dart out to her; she took it. \"Hi.\" \"Hi. Wow, you really did it, huh? I mean…\" Someone took their picture and they both blinked. \"I mean, you look great, you know, really happy.\" \"Thanks.\" \"Yeah. You know, you inspired me. Doing what you did, going off on your own like that.\" He looked down at his shoes; he had to come clean with her. \"I…I'm not…\" \"I have to go.\" And she left him standing there. \"Yeah, sure. I…I should…\" She walked out of the bar and was greeted with the reporters, then she was greeted by her mother. Her mother told her something was important happening. They drove back home and Penelope saw Edward there. He said he wanted to marry her. At first she thought that it had to be a joke or something. Then her mother told her that this was her one and only chance to live a normal life, so she accepted. When he saw the paper he balled it up and threw it out the window. That…that pig Edward was marrying her! Her! Penelope. His Penelope. His…Penelope. He saw that Penelope, Edward, and both of their parents were going to the theater so he made sure he was there when it was over. He got Edward's jacket and put it on him. Edward turned around and saw him; he tried to get Penelope and himself out of there. Johnny ran around the crowd of people and stopped them. \"Hi.\" \"Max?\" She couldn't believe this. \"Hello, Penelope.\" \"We were just leaving,\" Edward mumbled and turned and went the opposite way. Johnny ran after them again. \"Hey, how are things, Edward? I understand it got a bit grotesque there for a while. Even puke ugly.\" He threw Edward's words back in his face and didn't care that people were starting to look. \"What, you two know each other?\" Penelope looked between the two of them. \"As a matter of fact we do.\" \"Yale, wasn't it?\" Edward said glaring at Johnny. \"No, I believe it was a Bedford. Bedford van, to be…\" \"Stop. Haven't you hurt her enough?\" Edward motioned to Penelope. The two glared at each. \"Bathroom, now.\" Edward shoved Johnny and walked to the bathroom. \"Edward, I…\" Penelope started. Then her ever present mother came and dragged her to the limo. \"You make me sick.\" \"Why? What? I'm giving her exactly what she wants, aren't I?\" Edward said in his defense. Johnny laughed; he knew the only reason Edward was marrying Penelope was he wanted her money. \"And I don't see anybody else lining up to do that. Unless…Unless you are. Are you lining up?\" \"It's not the point,\" Johnny said. \"Yes. Yes, it is the point.\" \"It's not the point,\" he repeated louder. \"Look, if you want to go out there and tell her that the only man willing to stand up and say 'I do' still gags at the thought of kissing her, then be my guest. But it's not me you'll be hurting. It's her, isn't it?\" Edward patted Johnny on the arm and smiled smugly, knowing that he wouldn't say anything. Johnny stood there thinking how all of this was just spinning out of control. So he watched Edward put an arm around Penelope and walk out of the theater. The next day, while he was at work he was visited by Lemon. \"Johnny Martin,\" he said in a loud booming voice. Johnny smirked when he saw the small reporter. It was about freaking time someone figured it out. Lemon showed him the paper announcing Penelope and Edward's wedding. Lemon disapproved of the marriage, saying it was 'Penelope and the beast.' Then Lemon asked, very bluntly, why he wasn't marrying Penelope. It's not that he didn't want to, he just…he couldn't make her…she'd be happy with Edward. \"You don't honestly believe that, do you?\" the reporter asked him. Johnny nodded. Lemon sighed, \"It's not too late to stop Edward.\" Yes it was, and even if it wasn't it wouldn't make a damn difference. He wasn't a blue-blood. He couldn't break the curse. The day of the wedding Penelope was nervous, more than nervous actually. She was having second thoughts. She didn't know if she could go through with it. Edward was having those same thoughts. He felt like he was going to throw up all over the expensive flowers. Johnny sat in a tree in the park. He just kept thinking about her; no matter what he did. Lemon came to the Wilhern wedding to tell Jessica and anyone else who would listen the whole thing about Johnny Martin. He knew someone had to know, even if it was that horrible woman who caused him to lose his eye. After he told the whole story to Jessica and Penelope's match-maker Wanda, he decided to stay. He was curious about what was going to happen. She didn't love Edward, and she wouldn't at all be surprised if he didn't love her. Why was she doing this, then? He would love her no matter what and he knew she needed to know the truth. So, why was he sitting in this tree? If he started now maybe, just maybe he might be able to get there before Penelope became Mrs. Edward Vanderman. \"I do,\" Edward said, agreeing to marry Penelope. \"And do you, Penelope Wilhern, take Edward Humphrey Vanderman III…\" Penelope looked at her parents, Wanda, Jake, Jack, and Annie. Her parents looked thrilled; everyone else looked nervous. \"To be your lawfully wedded husband…\" Lemon shook his head; he stood with the other reporters and paparazzi. \"To have and to hold, for better or for worse…\" Johnny ran like he had never ran before. He was almost there, just another minute and he would be close to the Wilhern grounds. \"For richer or for poorer, in sickness and in health…\" Penelope looked at Edward; he quick glanced away, swallowed, and attempted to look her in the eye. \"To love and to cherish, from this day forward until death do you part?\" Penelope looked into her, mother's eyes. They were shining brightly and she seemed so happy. Then her mother's expression changed and she was giving her an odd look. It was then that Penelope knew she had to say something. Johnny kept running. It didn't matter that he was out of breath, it didn't matter that his side started to hurt. He just had to keep running. He made it to the gate that surrounded the back of the Wilhern grounds; it was a bit taller than him. He made a running jump and climb over the fence. He ran on the rough ground and past the trees. He could see the back of the house and he could see the wedding. It was just a few hundred feet ahead of him. \"I…I-I,\" Penelope stuttered. She looked at her friends and family. She looked at Edward. Then she looked at her mother, again. She was mouthing the words 'I do'. She sighed, this was her only chance, wasn't it? \"I d-\" \"Stop! I object!\" yelled a voice. Everyone got up from their seats and out of their tents and saw a man with shaggy hair running through the court yard. Lemon smiled. Jessica groaned. Penelope stared in surprise. \"Max?\" she asked. He ran through the bushes that lead to the stone walkway. He stopped and stared back. He was taking deep breaths, trying to catch his breath. He slowly made his way to the grass covered stairs. \"Penelope.\" The two didn't say anything for a long time and people in the crowd started to mumble to themselves. When Johnny felt like he could breathe again, he said one word, \"Hi.\" \"Somebody get security and get this man out of here!\" Edward yelled. Jessica looked at Jake. \"Well, don't just sit there, get him out of here!\" \"Mother stop! Everyone just stop for a minute!\" Penelope yelled and everyone stopped. She looked at 'Max'. \"Max, what do…what are you doing here?\" \"I need to tell you something. Before it's too late.\" Penelope nodded. Johnny started from the beginning. \"I used to play the piano at a club, but then I started to gamble. Then that became the most important thing in my life. Nothing else mattered except money and gambling. When Lemon came and offered me money to go in and spy on you, I accepted. But after a few weeks of getting to know you I…thought it was wrong.\" Penelope walked down a few of the steps. \"When I first saw you, I will admit, you startled me. I wasn't expecting…\" he motioned his hand to her face. \"But I didn't pull my arm away from you because I thought you were hideous. I think you're beautiful. I pulled away because the camera hidden in my jacket took your picture.\" Penelope blinked; did he actually say she was beautiful? \"I didn't let Lemon have the picture; I destroyed the camera. And when you asked me if I wanted to marry you, and I said no… it's not that I didn't want to, I just…\" He trailed off. He stared at her flawless brown eyes. \"My name's not Max Campion. It's Johnny Martin. I'm not a blue-blood. I can't break the curse.\" Penelope looked stunned. That's why he…he truly thought she was…she loved him more than anything. She walked down the few steps that separated them, walked right up to him, and kissed him. He froze for a second before kissing her back. He ran his hands through her hair and held her close. He wasn't about to let her go. Everyone in the crowd was chattering loudly. Jessica frequently shook her head and shouted, \"No! Stop!\" Johnny and Penelope pulled away and quickly looked at Jessica. \"Stop! Edward is waiting. Penelope, sweetheart, this is your only chance. Our only chance to have a normal live.\" \"But I don't love Edward. I love-\" \"You are so close. You are one 'yes' away from a whole new you!\" \"But I don't want a whole new me, mother!\" \"Honey, please.\" \"I like myself the way I am.\" Then Penelope collapsed. Johnny caught her before she hit the ground. \"Penelope!\" Johnny held her close and then he stared at her. Everyone gathered around where Penelope laid in Johnny's arms. Everyone gasped. Penelope stirred and opened her eyes; everyone was staring at her. Her mother was on her knees and reached her hand out. Her mother touched her nose. But it wasn't her nose. Penelope felt it too, and was surprised to not feel her pig like nose, but a regular small normal nose. The reporters, the guests, everyone was talking at once. Johnny helped Penelope up and put an arm around her waist. Edward just stared and blinked. Then he cleared his throat, \"Penelope, if it is all the same to you I think it would be better if we call off the wedding.\" Penelope smiled, \"Thank you, Edward.\" Then Edward left and was followed by his parents who were chattering and bickering. Lemon smiled and shook his head; there really had been a curse. \"Johnny,\" Penelope said, to the man who was still staring at her. \"It's okay, I'm still me.\" Johnny felt her cheek and kissed her again. He wasn't leaving her again, ever again. He broke their embrace to say, \"I love you.\" \"I know, I love you, too.\" They were all over the papers for the next few weeks. Penelope and Johnny moved into his apartment. He continued to play the piano; she became a teacher teaching the science of plants. After 25 years of service Jake quit his job, and had a few secrets of his own… Jessica and Franklin gave Penelope and Johnny their blessing and went back to their life of being well to do blue-bloods; except for the fact that Jessica couldn't speak for three weeks. Wanda stayed in touch but spent most of her time trying to match up Jack and Annie. Lemon had the chance to write a story about Johnny and Penelope but decided to leave the happy couple alone. And Penelope and Johnny lived happily ever after. (For now.) The End *Sigh* I just love that movie. I saw it when it first came out and haven't seen it since about that time. I was looking up James Mcavoy and re-realized that he was in it and I looked up the old trailer. So I had to re-watch it. I loved it. Then I came up with this simple AU one-shot. {I should be working on my X-Men FanFic, but…} I hope you liked it! Thanks for reading! ;) ","Summary":" \"Marry me, Max. Marry me.\" \"I can't.\" This was all Johnny Martin AKA 'Max Campion' could think "},{"Movie":"Penelope","Title":"Penelope Continua","Author":"Consti Grandchester","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8686955","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Penelope fanfic Hola este es mi primer minific así que sean buenitos jaja Los personajes no me pertenecen, y el comienzo de la historia es una de las últimas escenas de la película. Todo el resto si proviene de mi imaginación. Mi historia es una continuación de la historia de la película y comienza en la escena del beso donde Johnny descubre que la chica de la máscara de cerdo es Penélope. El que no vio la película tal vez deba verla para entender mejor. Dejen reviews! No tengo el poder de romper el hechizo- le confesó Johnny. No importa, resulto que yo si- Penélope hablo sacándose la máscara con el hocico que llevaba No pudiendo salir de su asombre el joven músico solo puede decir Mi nombre es Johnny. Lo sé Johnny, sigo siendo yo- dijo Penélope Johnny le acaricia la mejilla con sumo cariño para después abrazarla y besarla nuevamente con la misma pasión que la primera vez. Cuando la falta de aire se hizo insoportable se detuvieron nuevamente. Después de un momento fueron a sentarse a un par de cómodos silloncitos de cuero que estaban cerca de la cama de Johnny. Te extrañe mucho. Te amo Penélope- confeso el apuesto ex apostador Yo también te amo Johnny- Y volvieron a besarse pero esta vez fue un beso más lento y tierno que los anteriores. ¿Cómo me encontraste? Con curiosidad pregunto el muchacho Y la muchacha paso explicarle sobre la carpeta con el informe que Lemon le dio a Wanda. ¿Quieres ir a la fiesta?- la invito. No, prefiero quedarme- negó Penélope- quiero que me cuentes de vos otra vez, ya que acabo de descubrir tu verdadera identidad recientemente. Ella rio ¿Por dónde empiezo? Johnny le conto todo, sobre su padre, y como vivían y lo bien que la pasaban a pesar de la falta de dinero. También le narro como empezó su amor por la música y en especial el piano, y su problema adicción al juego. Gracias a vos mi vida cambio me di cuenta de toda las oportunidades que estaba perdiendo. Vos teniendo todo- dinero, propiedades, sirvientes- pero estabas encerrada en tu casa por ese hechizo, y yo pudiendo disfrutar del aire, sol, el parque, el Cloverdilly pub. Sabía que tenía que cambiar, que podía hacer algo grane con mi vida en lugar de desperdiciarla apostando. Como te dije antes cuando te encontré con Edward aquella vez, me inspiraras y me haces querer ser mejor. Oh, Johnny! Nadie me había dicho que había cambiado su vida de manera tan radical, estoy orgullosa de como estas recuperando de tu adicción al juego. Se que lo vas a lograr Cuando nuestra hermosa parejita se está por besar como por cuarta vez, unos golpes en la puerta interrumpen el romanticismo latente en el departamento. Ignóralo-seductoramente le pidió mientras intentaba besarla. Puede ser mi amiga Annie, la rubia en el disfraz de abeja que estaba conmigo, ¿te acuerdas?- le recordó al tiempo que se levantaba e iba yendo hacia la puerta. Johnny asintió En efecto era Annie. Hola, ¿cómo va todo? Espero no estar interrumpiendo nada importante. No Annie. Pasa.- Y Penélope se corre para abrir mejor la perta y hacer pasar a su amiga. ¡Vamos chicos, la fiesta está terminando! ¡Vamos a bailar!- los invito la rubia. ¡Tranquila! ya estábamos yendo para allá. Vos debes ser Annie. Johnny-y le beso la mejilla Gusto en conocerte Johnny ¡Vamos apúrense! Los espero afuera. Penélope ya llegaba a la puerta cuando Johnny la sujeta por detrás y la vuelve hacia él. Besame! Se besaron nuevamente y se fueron alegremente a disfrutar de la fiesta. Fin ","Summary":" Penelope fanfic Hola este es mi primer minific así que sean buenitos jaja Los personajes no me pert"},{"Movie":"Penelope","Title":"Broken Hearts & Promises","Author":"Caligo Origuu","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10025702","Passage":"[Chapter 1] TEASER/SUMMARY: What if Johnny had told her the truth that day in the stairwell? Short little one-shot AUTHOR'S NOTE: I love the movie and I get that it was important for Penelope to learn to stand alone and to accept herself first, but I can't have been the only one groaning at the TV during this part. BROKEN HEARTS & PROMISES \"What if the curse can never be broken?\" \"Then I'll kill myself. I promise. I promise I will,\" she swore with frightening candor. The quirky wit and strength and innocent curiosity that had so drawn him in were buried beneath hurt and desperation. It broke his heart. He'd have done anything to be able to go back ten minutes and stop it all from spiraling out of control. \"Penelope…\" he started, half pleading himself. \"Marry me, Max. Marry me.\" He closed his eyes, swaying slightly beneath the weight of just how badly he'd screwed up. God help him, he wanted to agree- would have agreed if he was who she thought he was. But 'Max' was a lie and the only thing worse than her finding out the rest of the truth would be letting her throw away her best chance of escaping the curse that caused her such pain for a falsehood. \"I can't.\" The words came reluctantly, quiet, not that his hesitation served to soften the blow. He could feel the whole room flinch- and the look on Penelope's face. Guilt churned so fiercely in his stomach he thought he might be sick. \"You don't repulse me,\" he threw out into the pained silence, suddenly desperate to explain before he lost his chance. \"You- startled me, but you're not a monster. You're not ugly. There's nothing wrong with you Penelope; it's me. I just- I can't break the curse. I'm not a blue-blood. They just assumed,\" he waved vaguely towards the front door, \"and I… needed the money. So I lied and wore a camera but then you were- you and I- I didn't mean to- I'm so sorry.\" He wished he could tell what she was thinking. Her eyes were wide and wet with tears, but anything was better than the devastation that had been there before he started talking. \"What do you mean you're not a blue-blood?\" Penelope's mother snapped, recovering more quickly than the rest of them. \"We did a background check. Your family's fortune goes back generations; you have all the right bloodlines-\" \"They're not my family,\" he interrupted wearily. \"My name isn't Max.\" \" What ?!\" Mrs. Wilhern's shriek soon became a loudly indignant tirade, but his blue eyes slid back toward Penelope, trying to gauge her reaction. She was… calmer than he'd expected, and far less furious, though that could have been simple shock delaying the inevitable. \"Who are you really?\" \"Johnny Martin. Son of a plumber. Gambler, liar… idiot. But I am glad, truly glad to meet you, Penelope.\" He pushed every ounce of sincerity he could into his words. He stepped closer and offered his hand, trying not to fidget like an awkward school boy as he waited for her to decide whether or not to reject him completely. It was the longest ten seconds of his life as she wavered uncertainly. Then her chin came up and her right hand loosened its white-knuckled grip on the banister. \"No more lies,\" she said, the demand shaking only a little. \"No more lies,\" he promised. Something like forgiveness flickered through her gaze at last, her fingers closed around his, and he finally felt like he could breathe again. She mirrored his hesitant smile, and all he could think was, ' She's beautiful.' ","Summary":" TEASER/SUMMARY: What if Johnny had told her the truth that day in the stairwell? Short little one-s"},{"Movie":"Penelope","Title":"Just A Peek","Author":"Roxius","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4537967","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Yeah, the first fic for this movie, and I've never seen it or anything, but I was inspired by a Penelope X Annie picture by 'fortheloveofpizza' on Deviant Art. This fic's short, but I think it's kind of cute, and hot. \"C'mon...just a peek.\" Penelope glanced up and stared at Annie for a moment, wondering if she had heard right. The two girls were sitting at a table of an outdoor cafe, and two cups of steaming hot tea were sitting untouched in front of them. The sounds of honking horns and chatting people passed over them. \"E...Excuse me?\" Penelope asked, completely forgetting about reading the rest of her new horticulture book. Annie, whose beautiful golden locks shimmered in the sunlight, smiled sweetly and repeated her previous statement. \"I just want a peek. You know what I'm talking about...\" Penelope's cheeks flushed deep red. \"M...my nose?\" Annie nodded. \"But...why? You've seen it already...\" \"I know,\" Annie said, brushing back a few strands of hair, \"But there's no problem in seeing it again, right? It's so cute...\" \"...We're in public, though...someone might see it...\" Penelope muttered quietly, looking around to make sure that Lemon guy wasn't hiding anywhere nearby. \"...Does it bother you? Having that nose?\" Annie asked; she didn't even bother speaking in a whisper. \"Well, besides the problems it's caused for my social life, I'd say 'not really'...\" Penelope replied after a moment of thought. \"That's good. Then it shouldn't bother you if I take a quick peek, right?\" \"I...I guess not.\" Annie smiled again and stood up from her seat. Walking over to Penelope, she leaned down in front of her and purred, \"Don't worry...it'll be quick...\" Penelope could feel her heart beat quicken as Annie leaned so close that their heads were practically touching. In a very smooth manner, Annie pulled down on the scarf covering Penelope's face just enough to see her nose...and then she kissed it. \"Ah!\" At that moment, several passerby stopped and watched as a blonde woman started making out with her lover's nose. At least, that's what they all figured was probably happening. Obviously (and unfortunately), that wasn't the case. Annie's wet tongue was actually starting to make its way down towards Penelope's lips when the pig-nosed girl finally did something about it. Pushing Annie away, Penelope quickly covered her nose again and hissed, \"W-WHY THE HELL DID YOU JUST DO THAT?\" Annie seemed rather giddy as she replied, \"Isn't it obvious? I already told you: your nose is just so cute!\" \"God, I'm never letting you do that again...\" Penelope huffed. Annie just chuckled and took her seat across from Penelope. \"Sorry, sorry...\" she apologized, although she was still trying to keep herself from laughing, \"I was just messing around...I'm sorry...\" Penelope sighed and she went back to reading her book, but she found it hard to concentrate...especially now that Annie's kiss was occupying her thoughts. ","Summary":" A/N: Yeah, the first fic for this movie, and I've never seen it or anything, but I was inspired by "},{"Movie":"Penelope","Title":"The Blur","Author":"umbuby","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7206201","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: Hello *waves* So, this is meant to be set in the hours immedietly after Johnny/ Max leaves Penelope's house, when he's at the poker table. So, I hope you enjoy! All comments are appreciated (good or bad) and reviewer shall be rewarded with giant cookies in the afterlife. I do not own 'Penelope', I'm just borrowing it, I swear... The Blur Blur. Hours pass. Time passes. Ticktickticking. Ticking away. Just a blur. I broke her heart. I broke her heart. I lied. I lost her. Just a blur. I can't distract myself. These thoughts in my head. What I did. What I should have done. Just a blur. All a blur. I should have told the truth. I should have told said enough is enough. I should I should I should… I should never have agreed to that godamn deal. Blur. Blur. Blur. And above all Above all I should have never ever fell for her. I should have never let her fall for me. Penelope. Penelope. Because if I had never had her, I'd never have lost her. Hurts so much. So much. So much. I need to sort my head out. Deal me. Deal me again. Catch my tears in a crystal glass. I could fix this. I could fix this. I could , if mi wasn't caught in a game and a booze-addled brain and my head wasn't filled with this fog. This blur. Got to get through the blur. I've been here hours. Have I? Can't have. I only just started this game. But here I am. I'm wasting away. I don't know when to quit. I don't know when to quit. This is my last game. I swear. Last game. But the cards keep coming. Why can't I quit her? Deal me again. Then something changes. (Something's gotta give) There's someone there. There's something there. Through the fog. Through the blur. The most beautiful girl in the world, hidden behind the snout of a boar. Beautiful I reach through the fog and cling to her. The only this in the world that matters. Penelope Enough is enough. ","Summary":" Author's Note: Hello *waves* So, this is meant to be set in the hours immedietly after Johnny/ Max "},{"Movie":"Penelope","Title":"Hoppípolla","Author":"Winter Sapphire","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5843595","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I wrote these a while ago after watching Penelope for like... the third or fourth time. I decided I wanted to try some drabbles. I may or may not write more of these (prompts gotten from 100_situations Table 5 LJ), but I figured I'd share thee ones I have. Title is a Sigur Rós song that was in the final scenes of the film. I thought it fit the feel of the drabbles. Hope you guys like these! Disclaimer: I don't own Penelope. These were just written for fun. 062. Natural There was something about the way his hair fell into his eyes, how he tilted his head with a grin that made his lips curve rather than quirk up -- a slow, smooth transition rather than quick and hurried -- that compelled her to smile. He was different than her other suitors had been. More natural. It didn't make much sense. But she supposed that didn't matter. Max, well... he was Max. He was fun and fresh; such a exhilarating change of pace. He didn't try to be anybody but himself, and that meant more to her than she could ever express. ---- 085. Caress His fingers traced her face, dusted over her cheeks in reverence. He spent so long dreaming about this moment that he found actually having her here , with him, felt like a sort of fantasy itself. It was like his entire world had been flipped over, and the magical parts of his life had been reality while the normal parts became his dream. His fingertips find her nose, and it was this part of her that fascinated him the most. \"You're beautiful, you know that?\" he murmured against her lips as he leaned down to kiss her. \"You've always been beautiful.\" ---- 067. Slice He flopped down on the couch next to her, balancing the pizza box on his knees as he propped his feet up on the table. \"All that time 'experiencing the life' and you never had pizza?\" He grinned at her, eyes sparkling. \"Oh, shut up ,\" she giggled sheepishly, whacking him playfully on the shoulder. \"I was doing other things.\" \"Yeah, like drinking beer and riding motorcycles with Annie,\" he quipped, opening the box and pulling out a slice of cheese. \"You haven't lived until you've had a good slice of pizza.\" He wafted it in front of her, grin widening. ---- 076. Music She should have known he played the piano. The way his hands had slid purposefully over the keys, even if he played the wrong chords, seemed so obvious to her now. He had known what he had been doing. \"Play for me?\" she asked softly after they came back from the party, and he glanced at her with a curious smile before settling silently on the bench. His fingers stretched over the keys, and she heard him take a deep breath as he began to play. His soft melody engulfed the silence, and she felt as though she could fly. ---- 042. Rain The downpour was sudden and unexpected, and she let out a squeal of surprised delight as the warm summer rain soaked through her clothes and went straight to her skin. She turned to head back to the school after the children, but his hand wrapped itself around her wrist before she could. \"Johnny, it's raining,\" she laughed as he spun her towards him, settling his other hand just above her waist. \"I know,\" he replied, smiling that smile of his she loved so much, \"but I've always wanted to do this.\" With the rain washing over them both, they danced. ","Summary":" I wrote these a while ago after watching Penelope for like... the third or fourth time. I decided I"},{"Movie":"Penelope","Title":"Unraveling Slowly","Author":"headup-gorgeous","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5207751","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: UnravelingnSlowly Rating: PG-15 Genre[s]: drabble, angst, one-shot, character-centre Spoiler[s]: Nothing really mentioned from the movie, never read the book. A.N: The first time that I heard this song, the character of Johnny camento mind. I just had to write it, no matter what. Inam unbreakable, but it looks like I could sometime soon. Pokernchips and piano keys, the two great loves of his life caressed byncallused fingertips, addictions aching passionately to be fed. Butnthe one already in his heart was up in arms against this new passionntaking residence in his heart, unable to be ousted. Andnnow here he sat on a familiar bench, blunt fingers merely ghostingnover the worn black and ivory keys of his first love; head hunchednforward and eyes slipping shut, shaggy bangs brushing lightly overnhis forehead catching in his eye-lashes, finally making the plungenwith a connection of fingers to the keys. Eyes still shut, he wasnoverwhelmed by a soft breath on his ear and the gentle scent ofnflowers washed over him like a spring mist. The gentle warmth of softnfingers running the knuckles of his hands, slowly adding pressure,ndrawing him deeper into the moment. Younare unreachable, about as possible as me touching the moon. Loosingnhimself deeper and deeper in the fantasy, soft chords on the pianonechoed around the once silent stage. Warms fingers slipped further upnhis arms over the fabric of his shirts. Soft breath caressing thenshell of his ear ruffling the frayed-edged bangs caused him to tiltnhis head backward to basking in the presence behind him as thenwhispering grew louder and clearer, the repeat of the same wordnchanting over and over again: Max. Max. Max. Ma-.. \"Stopnit!\" The sound of her screaming voice accusing him vibrated throughnhis cranium. The soft tinkering of keys was replaced by the harshnslam of balled fists dropping violently down without a second thoughtnin an effort to banish her back from wherever she had come from, fromnhis heart. But in her eyes, those completely haunting, innocent,nnaive and completely human, making her more human than 99% of thenoutside population in a world becoming motivated more by looks thannaction, soul and heart. Chokingnand shuddering goose bumps plaguing the surface of his skin, shrunkenngod tokens. You only know of the presence of shadows when you arensubjected to the light, and all his pasttime in the ever presentnnight had left him vulnerable to the strength of the light. And herenhe was now, blind and confused by this crack in the door tentativelynopened by this sweet, amazing Penelope who was only looking tonbelong, to be accepted. A girl who could have been given the worldnbut instead became shut away from it, hidden and locked away like anleper. She became destined just to watch life pass by as she waitednfor someone to just look at her, hoping for someone to accept herneven if she wasn't allowed to accept herself. Being made to feelnlike a stranger in her own body. \"Andnif it doesn't work?\" \"ThennI will kill myself.\" Killnmyself. I will kill myself. Bringing his fists to clench his head,ndigging into his scalp as the look of absolute despair settled on thenface of a girl who had yet to be granted the joys and pleasures ofnher life. She was so forthright that there was no way that shenallowed herself to believe that she would find someone to love hernfor her and fight her own way out of this darkness. Resting hisnelbows heavily on the keys as the fingers in his hair clenched andnthen relaxed as much as possible with the weight of Atlas balancedndelicately on his shoulders. Inam unraveling unbearably empty, and if this ground gives way I justnhope that you'll catch me. Evennworst was Here he was, hoping that she would just show up one day andntake him away. eExpecting her to save him was she was even more lostnthem himself. But he saw something inside of her that was so strong,;nso bright he was eerily reminded of the sun. With similiaritestheneasey of a man turned vampire, he was shocked and repelled away fromnher. But oOnce again here he sat alone in the dark, per usual but nownit only served to suffocate instead of protecting him with the recentnturn of events. Gnawing on his lower lip as his hands slipped fromnhis hair, effortlessly plummeting on to the keys;: palm, to knuckle,nto fingertips. Poker chips and piano keys, one rough while the othernsmooth as one brought joy to his life and the other acting like anplague on his life. Stroking the smooth white strips, loosing himselfnin a memory as he falsely drummed away aimlessly and harshly but thennin a moment, flash, the smoothness of the piano keys combined withnthe shock of warmth coating the tops of his fingers like silk. Therenwas never a better sensation in the world then her fingers on his andnher warm breath in his ear that much he was sure of. Youncame and saved me tonight, defending all my life. Sonhere he sat at the piano bench in an attempt to better himself for anperson who believed that she herself was worthy of absolutelynnothing: not her life or honest affection from another. A monster wasnwhat she called herself, but if the truth would have it she was thenclosest thing to an angel that he had ever seen. He was a gambler,nputting everything on the line for just that one lucky break thatnwould put him back on top. That luck ruled everything with an ironnfist, lacking a sense of empathy. Ohnfinally I believe… Thisncouldn't be all that there was left in life: living from one bignbreak to the next in hopes of one day carving out a name for himself.nHe had always seen himself as an adult since he left home atnseventeen but as it turned out he still had quite a bit of growing upnto do. Hisngaze blinked back into recognition of the piano before him as he wasnpushed back into the present day, out of his mind and thoughts.nStopping suddenly, brunette hair and matching eyes flashed throughnhis mind leaving with it the smell of wildflowers, he flexed hisnfingers quickly trying to catch any chance of her image or the scentnbefore it drifted away. Licking his dry lips, he turned his attentionnto the keys as the tips of his fingers traced them one last time,nbefore pulling the cover back over the keys, turning around, andnmoving on. ","Summary":" Title: UnravelingnSlowly Rating: PG-15 Genre[s]: drabble, angst, one-shot, character-centre Spoiler"},{"Movie":"Penelope","Title":"Throwing Plates","Author":"E. Flowers","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7140143","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Throwing Plates \"Why do you have to be so fucking stupid?\" I yelled at her. I ran my fingers through my hair as Penelope tried to come up with a comeback. \"How am I stupid? You're the one that can't tell his left from his fucking right!\" Penelope screamed, her voice cracking. She was cussing. She only did that when she was fuming, and obviously now. I had forgotten what we were fighting about but I didn't give a shit. She was getting on my last nerve and I just wanted to punch a wall from how angry I was. Her fists were clenched by her sides, her knuckles turning white. \"Well, I'm not the one prancing around like a fucking own the entire world!\" I yelled. Her eyebrows furrowed, her eyes clouded with tears. It pained to see her hurt but I was too angry to care. Instead of answering me, she let out a blood-curdling scream and nearest thing, which happened to be a ceramic vase. She grabbed it and threw in my general direction. I dodged it just before it hit my shoulder. She screamed even louder and stomped towards the kitchen. I followed her, which was probably the worst decision I had ever made. Penelope was standing next to a counter with a dozen plates in her hand. She threw them at me, one at a time. I managed to dodge most of them put one of them hit my shoulder I clutched at in pain and my head was spinning when I felt blood seeping onto my hand. I heard Penelope gasp and run towards me no more plates in her hands. \"Are you okay?\" she said softly, reaching towards my shoulder, pulling back when I winced. \"No! A fucking plate just went through my shoulder.\" I walked to the bathroom, cleaning the cut then wrapping it in gauze. \"Well, I was angry.\" She said, crossing her arms over her chest. \"And that's a perfect excuse.\" I mumbled. She shot me an icy glare. \"You're the one that accused me of cheating on you when I didn't do anything!\" she exclaimed, throwing her hands in the air. I clenched my fists tightly. When Penelope looked down at my hands, I saw a flash of fear in her brown eyes. I unclenched my fists and marched towards the front door. I could hear Penelope trying to catch up with me. \"Where are you going?\" her voice was soft, nothing like it was a few moments ago. \"Out.\" I opened the door and right before it slammed closed I could hear her whisper \"Don't.\" I was at the Cloverdilly, a beer in front of me but it was untouched. I kept thinking about Penelope. Would she be mad or would she have calmed down? The way she had whispered that word, it was like she was scared. I let out a frustrated groan and ran my fingers through my hair. I heard the door open followed by Annie's familiar voice. She was talking about whether or not she should take a vacation off of work. I drowned out her voice until I heard her say my name. \"What's up with you?\" she asked after getting my attention. \"I got into a fight with Penelope.\" \"I'm not gonna nose into your love life, but what happened?\" she asked, resting her chin on her hands. \"We got into a fight, she threw a vase and a few plates at me and I got out.\" I explained briefly. She was looking at me like I was the stupidest thing in the world. \"What?\" \"You ran?\" she asked, eyebrows raised. \"Not exactly, but yeah.\" I said, shrugging lightly. She smacked me on the back of my head. \"Hey!\" I said, rubbing my head. \"You idiot!\" she yelled, which seemed to be happening a lot lately. \"Don't you know that's her worst fear!\" \"What?\" \"She's been watching men run away from her all her life and when she thinks she's found the one that won't, you go and run!\" she yelled which seemed to attract the few people in the bar. I hadn't really thought of it, but Annie was right. It was a stupid thing to do. Even though I was mad at her, I still loved her. I got out of my chair and smiled at Annie. \"Thanks.\" I said before I headed towards the door. I opened the door quietly and closed it behind me. I took of my shoes and went to look for Penelope. I heard quiet sounds from the stairs I found her. She was sitting on the stairs, her knees to her chest and her head buried in her hands. Her shoulders were shaking and I could hear her sobbing. It broke my heart to see her like this. I took the few steps towards her and sat next to her. I wrapped my arms around her small frame and pulled her closer to me. She froze before she sniffled and looked up at me. Her eyes were red and puffy. There were twin trails running down her cheeks. \"Johnny?\" She whispered. She rested a hand on my neck, as if she was checking if I was really there. I nodded slightly and smiled. She let out a sob before throwing her arms around my neck and sobbing into my shirt. I rubbed her back gently, occasionally whispering, \"I'm sorry,\" into her hair. After a few minutes of her crying, she looked up at me smiled. She leaned up and kissed me lightly and pulled back quickly. \"I'm sorry I ran and I'm sorry that I thought you were cheating on me.\" I said, rubbing circles on her back. She smiled. \"I'm sorry I threw a plate ate you.\" I smiled and leaned down to kiss her. ","Summary":" Throwing Plates \"Why do you have to be so fucking stupid?\" I yelled at her. I ran my fingers thro"},{"Movie":"Penelope","Title":"So Far a piece in five senses","Author":"shallowness","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4669592","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title:nSo Far (a piece in five senses) Author:nshallowness Fandom:nPenelope Pairing:nCanon het. (Penelope/Johnny) Disclaimer: None of thencharacters are mine, and I make no profit from this fan-writtennfiction. Rating: Universal. Summary:nPost-film ficlet. Author'snNote: I wrote this straight after seeing the film, and tidied it andntyped it up recently, having watched it on DVD. SonFar (a piece in five senses): shallowness taste Theynmake their way back to the loft apartment from the bar laughing andnspeculating over how long it will be before Annie makes a move onnJack. \"Of course, Jack might make the first move—\"nJohnny suggests. Penelope quirks an eyebrow in response. He yieldsnthe point, leans in, kisses her, tasting Cloverdilly beer on tap, thenreal thing. scent WhennJohnny asks if she's going to stop and smell every plant in thengardening center, Penelope tells him that the press asked her if shencould smell better than other people. She doesn't have to specifynwhen, the press don't bother her any more. sightnand sound Henloves to watch her talk into the wee small hours. Doesn't matternabout what – her story, plans for travelling in the future – henjust loves matching the voice to the eyes, the face, thenperson. touch Atnfirst he is sensitive about not touching her nose. But Penelope, ofncourse, has to do exploring of her own, and those fingers henremembers so well have to trace his every feature. Curious touchninvites curious touch, become caresses, fingers giving way tonlips. Fin. Feedback is loved. E-mail:nprofoundly_shallow .uk ","Summary":" Title:nSo Far (a piece in five senses) Author:nshallowness Fandom:nPenelope Pairing:nCanon het. (Pe"},{"Movie":"Penelope","Title":"I'm Not What She Needs","Author":"Christine Writer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5089383","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: An alternate ending along the same lines of the movie, but a little different. Please R&R.; I own nothing! As Johnny sat at the table, the world spun around him. He tried to focus on his cards, but it was useless. He couldn't handle it anymore. He couldn't handle the gambling. It was too strong. Johnny felt like vomiting. He tossed his cards down and walked out, his gambling buddies calling after him. He stepped outside and took a deep breath, exhaling the crisp, cold air as he leaned against the brick building. He had to get away, away from this life. He had to start over. The only thing holding him back was Penelope. Sweet, charming, unassuming, honest, dearest Penelope. His heart shattered because he knew he couldn't give her what she desired most. Tears came to his eyes as he reminded himself that he couldn't make her happy, so he shouldn't see her ever again. It would just make it harder on both of them. He went home, showered, shaved, and went to the old theater to see Sam, who grudgingly gave him a job. He mopped the floor, and with every swish of the mop, he thought her name on a steady beat. Penelope. Penelope. Penelope. He couldn't stand it. The last time he had seen her had nearly killed him. He had refused, and broken her heart in the process. He couldn't just stand there and mop. He walked to the piano, his mop and bucket forgotten. The piano drew him to it, tantalizing. His fingers itched to play it. He sat down at the keys, and poured his soul into the piano. Rich, soulful notes filled the space around him, and he played a song. A song for Penelope. As the music spun into the air and wove around him, caressing him, tears streamed down his cheeks. The piece eventually ended, as his brief relationship with Penelope had. And Johnny was left at the piano, practically heartless. \"Johnny.\" Sam said from behind him. Instantly, Johnny snapped up the mop and bucket and continued to swab the floor. \"Sorry, Sam.\" Johnny apologized. \"I got carried away.\" \"Yeah, you did.\" Sam nodded. \"To a place where that was the most beautiful thing I have ever heard in my life.\" \"What?\" Johnny asked, pausing with the mop. He'd never seen this side of Sam, all soft and kind. \"If you don't go to that girl and ask her to marry you, your a bigger idiot than I thought you were.\" Sam said. \"What girl?\" \"What girl, he says!\" Sam laughed. \"The girl you were playing that gorgeous piece of magic for! Anyone with any love for anything could see it was for a girl you love!\" \"I can't marry her.\" Johnny said, brokenly. \"Why on earth not?\" \"I can't make her happy. She's different, and....I'm not the kind of guy she needs.\" \"What kind of guy does she need?\" \"Someone like her. Rich.\" \"Ah. Problem.\" Sam nodded. \"I can't be with her, and I can't stand it.\" \"Well, I'm not turning into an old softie overnight, Johnny, but play all you like. Just get the floor done, yeah?\" \"Okay.\" Johnny nodded. Just days later, the Penelope story broke over the airwaves and in print across the city. Johnny was cleaning the theater that afternoon, when Sam came in with a newspaper in hand. \"She needs \"someone like her\"?\" Sam quoted Johnny, holding up the newspaper. \"You fell in love with Penelope, the overnight news sensation?\" \"She's not a sensation!\" Johnny defended Penelope. \"She's wonderful, and beautiful, and amazing......I love her.\" \"Oh, you've got it bad.\" \"You can see why I can't marry her, right?\" \"I guess.\" Sam nodded. \"Doesn't really make too much sense to me, but of course, I'm me.\" \"I don't really get it either, I just know I can't make her happy, and loving someone means wanting what's best for them, even if it doesn't involve you.\" \"And is this what's best for her? Being a part of a media circus while people wait to see if she'll marry this sappy blue-blood Edward Vanderman?\" \"It's what will make her happy.\" \"But is it the best for her?\" Sam pressed. \"I don't know.\" Johnny admitted. \"But I do know that it's what she's dreamed about her entire life.\" \"Why is that the same thing?\" Sam asked. \"I don't know if it is or if it isn't.\" Johnny conceded. \"I just want her to be happy.\" \"I don't know much about cursed girls, but I know that that idiot Vanderman couldn't make anyone with half a brain happy.\" Sam snorted. \"Go out there and get your girl!\" \"No.\" Johnny said firmly. In the coming weeks, he followed the Penelope story through the news. He kept every picture the papers printed of her. He hoped beyond hope that she was happy. And he stayed far away from her. He heard that she'd been spotted attending the theater, but hadn't gone. He could've, but decided not to, deeming himself incapable of being around Penelope. He continued working over his music, and applied for a job, far away from the town he had grown to love, but the one that held him captive to his addiction. That Halloween, there was a knock on his door. Johnny was feeling particularly inhospitable, since the papers had lost track of Penelope. He hadn't heard about her in weeks. He was a little glad, because every time he looked at a picture of her, it needled his heart. Johnny was also sad, because he didn't know what was happening to her. He opened the door, and his heart skipped a beat. It was Penelope! Or was it? He focused in on the person standing three feet away from him, and realized it was a girl dressed like Penelope with a Penelope mask. His heart broke all over again. The friend of the girl who looked like Penelope was asking if they could use his restroom. He nodded mechanically. \"Sure.\" The girl dressed as Penelope entered the apartment, used the bathroom, and reemerged as Johnny folded the last shirt into a trunk of clothes. \"Are you moving?\" she asked. \"Yes.\" he said. \"Out of town job.\" He had no idea why he was offering her this information. \"Getting out of the city?\" \"Yeah. Out of the city and away from the poker tables.\" \"Ah.\" she nodded. \"I've been playing gigs, and my music seems to be doing well.\" he said. He crossed the room to his piano, and stroked the keys. \"You lied to me!\" the girl cried triumphantly. \"I guessed piano, and you said--\" \"Penelope?\" he asked, shocked. He walked to meet her as she crossed over to him, and he kissed her. She melted into his arms, and after a moment, regained her composure. \"I'm sorry--I don't usually kiss perfect strangers.\" he apologized, turning red. \"It's good that we know each other then, huh?\" she smiled. \"I had to tell you, Penelope. I'm not a blue-blood. I can't break the curse.\" \"It's okay, Johnny.\" she said, removing the mask. \"It turns out I could, all along.\" The mask revealed the real Penelope, normal nose and all, and Johnny realized that he had grown to love her old nose. He took her into his arms and kissed her again. \"I love you.\" they both said, in unison, and laughed. ","Summary":" A/N: An alternate ending along the same lines of the movie, but a little different. Please R&R.; I "},{"Movie":"Penelope","Title":"Johnny's View","Author":"ameliapond","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6407527","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He was packing. He was finally leaving, leaving this city and its noise and its poker tables, but, most importantly, he was leaving her. He was leaving her to live her life before his obsession, his fixation, his goddamn mania screwed things up in unfixable ways – for both of them – but most especially her. It had killed him, walking out of that door, her words echoing around his head 'I'll kill myself'. It was on a loop, constantly, haunting him, tormenting him with what would have become of her, of them, if he had stayed, if he had stayed and given her more hope of something that could never become. Something that he couldn't give her even if he wanted to. Oh how much he wanted to. To fulfil that dream for her. But it was not to be. He had only seen her twice since that fateful day – both times his body and mind racked with doubt, with guilt and yet, a little bit of hope. Would she stand by those words she had uttered the day he left 'I'll kill myself' or with leaving home did she finally see that she could live her life with the nose, with the curse and hopefully, with him . The first time they met following the unveiling of her secret was in the Cloverdilly pub – a place which he still referred to in his mind as 'their spot', despite never visiting it with her. He couldn't resist approaching her – he couldn't bear not telling her how she had inspired him, how brave she was, stepping out into the world for the first time and making her mark on it. She left. The second time he seeked her out was due to him. Edward. The name brought a burning jealousy, a hate and a sorrow that all competed with each other. 'unkissable', 'grotesque', 'puke' flew round his mind, taking the place of 'I'll kill myself' , both as horrifying, as anger inducing as the other. Would she really sink to this to break the curse? Could he let her? He went to meet her at the theatre, he tried to tell her, to warn her, to tell her Edwards real nature but would she really want to know? Would she walk down the aisle anyway? He couldn't bear to know. So with the encouragement of Edward he sat back and kept his silence. Even now, he isn't sure whether he necessarily did the wrong thing or not. He was protecting the one he loved from herself as much as her fiancé. And so, a year after her disappearance, he is packing. Miserable in his solitude he gives a start when there is a knock at the door. He hears the party raging outside and wearily goes to answer it, to see who is disturbing his well-deserved mope. It kills him when he opens the door, seeing his Penelope but still knowing it's not her. It's never her. He's seen so many of them this Halloween and it is never her. He suddenly can't wait to leave. Despite his reluctance, he lets the Penelope look-alike in to use his bathroom. While she is in there, he imagines it's actually her, she's actually here and that miracles do actually happen. He's so into his fantasy that he's sure it's her voice coming from the bathroom, with her typical nosey manner which he so enjoyed when they were first meeting. It finally gets too much and he asks the Penelope look-alike to remove the mask. Her confusion, her look of being wrong-footed, makes him realise how absurd he is being. It's when the Penelope look-alike asks about his relationship with Penelope 'this someone, she meant a lot to you' that he begins to realise, begins to hope, that it was her. His Penelope. Not one of the hundreds running around the city in her image. His hope grows when she asks about what happened. His heart began to race – was he delusional and this was a look alike, merely curious, or was this Penelope, his Penelope, asking why he ran out on her? \"You shit! You lied to me! I guessed piano! And you said that...\" It was her. He couldn't have stopped himself if he had tried. Hell, God himself could not have stopped him at that moment. And neither he nor God would want to try. Never before had he kissed a girl like that, never before had a girl kissed him like that either. It was passion, relief, happiness, joy and every other emotion he had felt since he had last left her, bundled all together into one giant explosive kiss. But wait, did she understand? Did she know why he had left? Why he deserted her. He had to explain \"Penelope, I'm sorry\" \"I know\". She didn't know. He had to make her understand. He wasn't who she thought he was. He wasn't what she wanted, what she needed. She had to listen \"No, I don't have the power to break the curse\" He waited, tense, ready for the sting of rejection, of her rebuff, her denunciation when she took him by surprise, \"It's ok. Turns out I did. It's me Max\" Her nose. It was normal, beautiful and fit her face perfectly. Small and demure just like herself. Dumbstruck, the only response he managed to get out was \"Names Johnny\" \"I know, Johnny. I'm still me\" And so they kissed. And it was everything he expected and more. ","Summary":" He was packing. He was finally leaving, leaving this city and its noise and its poker tables, but, "},{"Movie":"Penelope","Title":"Sans toi, je ne serais pas là","Author":"GredW","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5089569","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Titre : Sans toi, je ne serais pas là. Pairing : Johnny/Penelope Rating : G Disclaimer : Rien n'à mouah Ndla : Ecrit pour Ruika, pour Nawel dernier (oui, ça commence à dater) qui voulait, entre autres, une fic avec Johnny très peu sûr de lui et Penelope qui le réconforte. Notant un mouvement du coin de l'œil, Johnny leva la tête. Penelope replaçait une mèche gênante derrière son oreille. Ce simple geste fit perdre le cours de sa lecture au jeune homme. Son cœur se contracta tandis qu'il contemplait le profil de sa petit amie. Son nez mutin… Son nez qui n'avait pas toujours été aussi parfait… Parfois, Johnny n'arrivait pas à y croire. Il se réveillait le matin, groggy et un peu grognon, et elle était là, couchée près de lui, paisible. Quand il prenait son petit-déjeuner, elle discutait avec lui tout en s'activant dans la cuisine, déjà habillée et presque prête à aller retrouver sa classe. Quelque fois, pendant les récréations, elle s'amusait à lui envoyer des sms pour lui rappeler qu'elle pensait à lui. Elle le rejoignait ensuite au club où il travaillait puis attendait qu'il passe sur scène, tout en préparant ses cours ou en corrigeant ses copies. Pendant qu'il jouait, il lui arrivait souvent de croiser son regard, de remarquer ses yeux posés sur lui, de voir l'expression de bonheur sur son visage. Comment pouvait-il avoir cette chance ? Comment pouvait-elle être si heureuse avec lui ? Avait-il seulement le droit de l'aimer alors qu'il n'avait pas pu la délivrer de sa malédiction ? Il avait la sensation d'avoir usurpé le rôle du prince charmant… Il était persuadé que tout ce qu'il ressentait, toute cette félicité qu'il vivait, allait lui être retiré. Il était impossible que cela n'arrive pas.... Il n'avait jamais été aussi chanceux dans toute sa vie. Sentant ses yeux sur elle, Penelope leva légèrement sa tête puis lui sourit avant de replonger dans sa lecture. Ils passaient une soirée tranquille, loin du club, chacun lisant sur le canapé. Ou plutôt, Penelope lisait, lui, il la regardait. Cela leur arrivait souvent de rester au calme dans leur nouveau chez eux. Cela faisait maintenant un long moment qu'il avait vu s'envoler ses envies de jeu, ne se souciant plus de trouver un nouveau cercle où il n'était pas connu pour ses dettes. Elle l'avait profondément changé… Se rendait-elle compte à quel point ? Les doutes l'assaillaient de nouveau. Avait-il vraiment le droit ? Pouvait-il accepter ce qu'elle lui offrait ? N'était-il pas simplement, encore une fois, en train de s'approprier l'identité de celui qui devait vraiment la rendre heureuse ? Il sursauta en sentant une caresse sur son visage. Il redressa la tête pour remarquer son expression préoccupée. Il se mordit la lèvre. Voilà qu'il l'inquiétait maintenant ! Pour détourner son attention, il s'inclina et l'embrassa, rapprochant son corps du sien. Le livre de Penelope fut vite abandonné sur la table basse. Dieu, qu'il aimait l'embrasser ! Cependant, la jeune femme se recula et, d'un ton sérieux, lui demanda : « Que t'arrive-t-il ? » Il secoua la tête, tentant de la ramener près de lui. Penelope ne se laissa pas faire. « Non, dis-moi ! » Johnny appuya sa nuque contre le canapé, s'enfonçant dans les coussins. Il cherchait une excuse à lui donner, la fatigue, le stress d'avoir plus de public venant l'écouter chaque soir… mais il savait que tout cela sonnerait faux à sa petite amie. Il n'arrivait pas à inventer quelque chose de potable. Tournant son visage vers elle, il tendit une main et caressa, d'une manière distraite, le nez de la brune. Celle-ci pencha la tête sur le côté et soupira. « Que dois-je te dire pour que tu acceptes le simple fait que je t'aime ? » Le musicien se redressa et mit de la distance entre Penelope et lui. Par la fenêtre, il contempla le va-et-vient des voitures. Il refusait d'avoir de nouveau cette conversation. Il ne voulait pas l'écouter, pas être convaincu. Il aurait aimé lui crier de partir, de se trouver quelqu'un de bien, quelqu'un de noble, qui aurait pu lever, lui, la malédiction… Deux mains entourèrent sa taille, il sentit le visage de la femme se poser sur son dos. La voix de Penelope se répercuta en lui. « Tu es celui qui m'a rendue forte. C'est grâce à toi si j'ai pu réussir à me libérer du sort. Si… si je ne t'avais pas rencontré, j'aurais épousé un homme qui ne m'aimait pas… et je me serais encore plus détestée… Et… et… j'en serais morte, Johnny, morte ! J'étais déterminée à me tuer si le mariage ne donnait rien… » Surpris, Johnny se tourna rapidement. Il contempla sa petite amie, sa mine triste mais son air résolu, et il prit peur. Peut-être n'avait-il pas le droit à ce bonheur mais il ne pouvait pas vivre sans elle, ce n'était pas possible ! Pendant un court instant, il s'imagina apprenant la nouvelle de son suicide, allant visiter sa tombe et son cœur se contracta une nouvelle fois. Il la serra contre lui. « Arrête de me faire du mal, Johnny, je t'aime et je suis heureuse avec toi. Ne doute jamais du pouvoir que tu as sur moi. Sans toi, je ne serais pas là. » Ils restèrent enlacés l'un à l'autre, un très long moment, le jeune homme refusant de laisser sa petite amie s'éloigner de lui. Il commençait enfin à comprendre pourquoi est-ce qu'il se réveillait près d'elle le matin, qu'il recevait ses messages dans la journée et qu'elle venait le voir jouer le soir. Il n'avait peut-être pas affronté de dragon, Penelope n'était sûrement pas une princesse en détresse incapable de se défendre, pourtant, sans ce qu'il ressentait pour elle, elle n'aurait jamais connu autant de bonheur. Il pleura de soulagement, refoulant sa culpabilité. Il ne laisserait sa place à personne, il la défendrait même chèrement. ","Summary":" Titre : Sans toi, je ne serais pas là. Pairing : Johnny/Penelope Rating : G Disclaimer : Rien n'à m"},{"Movie":"Insidious, 2011","Title":"Unlikely Love","Author":"SassyRaydorGirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12646500","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I've spent some time looking through works for Insidious, more specifically for Elise Rainier and I can't believe the lack of stories there are for her. As far as I'm concerned, she's the star of the show. She shines in every scene she's in, so I've decided to write a little something for her. It's way out there and I'm sure there will be a few haters for who I'm about to pair her with but you know what, I really don't care. I write for myself and if people who happen to stumble across my work likes it well then that's a bonus for me and in advance I thank you for taking the time to stop by and have a read. … Unlikely Love … Sean Brenner was sitting at the table, his cereal sitting in front of him as he stared off in to space, Quinn walked in, going straight to the fridge and pulling out the large carton of orange juice, pouring herself a glass before turning around. The young girl let out a small scream as she saw her father sitting at the table, completely unaware that she had even entered the room. \"Dad…\" Quinn watched him closely when he didn't reply to her, walking over and waving her hand in front of him. \"Earth to dad…HEY…\" Sean heard the yell from his daughter, quickly bringing him back to reality, looking up to see his daughter watching him with worry in her eyes. \"Quinn, what is it?\" \"Where did you go just now?\" \"What are talking about?\" \"I was talking to you and you were…well, in another world.\" \"Was I, sorry.\" Quinn to a seat next to her father as she drank her juice before speaking again. \"What's wrong?\" \"Nothing sweetheart, I'm fine.\" \"You are such a bad liar, you know that.\" \"I was just thinking how quiet this place is gonna be when you go off to college in a few weeks.\" \"Oh please, you'll be glad to see the back of me.\" \"Not true.\" \"And anyway, Alex will still be here. He causes way more havoc than me, well…if you don't count what happened a weeks back.\" \"Are you sure you're ready fr collage, if you need more time sweetheart then you…\" \"Dad, really, I'm okay. Thanks to Elise.\" \"Yeah, she was really something wasn't she.\" Quinn noticed the way her father's face lit up when she mentioned Elise, trying to hide her smile. \"She gave me mom back one last time, why don't you call her?\" \"Mom?\" \"Know, hardly. I mean Elise.\" \"Why would I call Elise, there's no more evil spirits around here.\" \"Only Alex.\" \"Hey, that's your brother you're talking about.\" \"Still.\" She smirked. \"Shouldn't you be off for your last day?\" \"I'm going.\" Quinn got up, putting her empty glass in the sink before grabbing her bag, stopping by the door on the way out. \"Go and see her, see how she's doing.\" \"Quinn.\" He warned. \"Well you obviously like her.\" Sean shook his head as he heard his daughter leave the house. Silence filling it all over again as he thought about what Quinn had said. She may be a teenage but she did make some sense every now and again. … Elise was packing up the last of the equipment as Specs and Tucker were down in the basement getting more tape for the video recorder. \"You nearly ready boys?\" She called to them. \"Yup, just coming.\" Tucker was the first up the stairs, quickly followed by Specs who locked the door behind him and handed the key back to Elise. \"Now are you sure you're both okay to do this alone.\" \"Elise, it's not like it's our first time solo is it, don't worry.\" \"In this job, I always worry. Especially about my boys, what would I do without you huh?\" \"She's got a point there, she'd be lost without us.\" Tucker grinned. Elsie looked up at the young man, kissing his cheek as she yanked the meatball sub out of his hand. \"Hey.\" \"Not on duty, go on.\" Tucker rolled his eyes as he picked up two of the cases by the door, waiting for Specs to join him. \"Now off you go boys and be safe and if you do run in to any trouble, call me and I'll be down immediately.\" \"I'm pretty sure the doctor told you to take things easy for the next few weeks?\" \"Oh doctors, what do they know.\" \"Elise, you got hurt, badly. Just do as the doc says yeah?\" \"You're sweet to worry Specs, but I'm fine.\" \"Fine, we'll call you later, let you know how things are going.\" \"Thank you.\" Tucker said bye to her as he opened the door, stopping himself as he came face to face with Sean. \"Oh…Mr Brenner.\" \"Hey…Tucker right?\" \"Yeah.\" \"I was actually looking for….\" \"Sean.\" Sean stopped mid sentence when he heard Elise's voice before she came over to the door, Tucker moving aside to let her through. \"Hi Ms Rainier.\" \"Oh Elise please, what are you doing here?\" \"Well actually I…\" \"Look we should probably get going so…\" \"Right boys off you go and remember what I said, be careful.\" \"And you remember what I said…take things easy, doctors orders.\" Specs added. Sean watched as Specs kissed her cheek before both young men said their goodbyes and left, making their way down the path towards their van. \"Where are they off too?\" Sean asked. \"Another case.\" \"Right, you're not going with them?\" \"Not this time, a little accident.\" Sean for the first time since the door opened, finally spotted the cane Elise was holding. \"Jesus, what happened.\" \"Hazard of the job, come on in.\" Elise stood aside as she allowed Sean to enter the house, he stood behind her as she gently closed the front door before turning to face Sean. \"Now, what brings you by? Nothing wrong with Quinn I hope?\" \"No no, she's fine, great actually. She starts college in a few weeks.\" \"She must be so excited, I remember that feeling well. Tea?\" \"Please.\" … Sean followed her through to the kitchen, leaning against the counter as she prepared some tea for them. \"Are you sure you don't want some help, I thought you were supposed to be taking it easy.\" \"If spirits can't stop me, I sure as hell won't allow a sprained ankle to stop me Sean.\" \"Fair enough, at least let me carry the cups to the table.\" \"Fine…go on then.\" She smiled. Sean took the cups over to the table, taking a seat while Elise took some time to get herself comfortable. He watched her closely, seeing the way her smile never faded. Even in dark times, he remembered from the days she'd spend with him and his family, her smile always remained, even when she thought she was going to be defeated by the bride in black, she stayed strong. Elise looked up to see Sean watching her closely. \"Sean, is everything okay?\" \"Yeah, never better.\" \"So, what brought you my way today.\" \"Oh you know, I was in the neighbourhood and I just thought I'd come by, see how you were.\" \"You were in the neighbourhood?\" She asked, an odd look on her face. \"I had to stop by a hardware store.\" \"A hardware store, really?\" \"Yeah, why is that weird?\" \"No it's not, it's just…I could name about three hardware stores that are definitely closer to you than the one in my area.\" \"Right.\" He laughed. \"Is everything all right Sean, is Quinn okay…you aren't having any more trouble with the house, strange goings on or…\" \"No no, nothing like that.\" Elise put down her cup, before moving her hand to cover Sean's. \"Sean, talk to me?\" \"I feel stupid, like a little kid.\" \"I'm a good listener, so I've been told.\" Sean took a long drink from his cup before finally looking up to see Elise watching him intently. \"I wasn't just in the neighbourhood.\" \"I thought as much, so it is to do with Quinn then?\" \"No, it's not Quinn or Alex…or the house, it's me.\" \"The spirits?\" \"Huh, no…oh god I'm messing this up.\" \"Sorry I…\" \"Don't be, it's me. I'm not being clear with what I want to say, what I came here to do.\" Elise waited for a few moments before Sean finally spoke again, feeling him give her hand a gentle squeeze as he looked in to her eyes and smiled. \"I came here to see you today, with the intention off…I was wondering if you would like to go to dinner with me.\" Elise stared back at him, an expression he couldn't quite read. In that moment he began to wonder if perhaps he'd made a mistake coming to her home. Perhaps she would think him crazy, completely mad. \"Elise?\" \"Yes, no sorry…I did hear you I just…I'm a little surprised.\" \"Obviously you don't have to feel obligated to say yes if you don't want too, I just thought it might be nice.\" \"Why?\" \"I'm sorry.\" \"I'm flattered don't get me wrong Sean but, surely there are younger, prettier ladies you could be asking out on a date, why me.\" Elise began to laugh to hide her nervousness and Sean noted probably some insecurities she had. \"Why is it such a strange concept that I'd fine you attractive Elise.\" \"I didn't mean to offend Sean, really it's just…I've never really thought of myself as the kind of woman that would attract someone like…well you.\" \"Well you did, look it's been a long time for me, being with a woman. When my wife died, I swore I'd never meet anyone like her again, and then you walked though my door, you saved my little girl, my family. You gave us closure and I'll never forget that, I know you kept in touch with Quinn after what happened and I thought it was really nice of you to do that.\" \"She's a sweet girl.\" \"She is, most of the time. Look Elise, you don't have to say yes if you really don't want too, I just thought it might be nice to spend time with someone who understands what it's like to lose someone, who gets what you're going through.\" Sean got up, straightening his jacket, before making his way out of the kitchen and towards the front door. Elise sat for a moment, a little shocked by the invitation, she got to her feet as quickly as she could and followed Sean as he was about to walk out the door. \"It's not very fair to run away from someone who can't run after you is it.\" Elise yelled behind him. Sean stopped in the doorway as Elise slowly approached him, a warm smile on her face. \"I didn't mean to make you feel uncomfortable Elise.\" \"Not uncomfortable, just a little surprised. It's been a very long time since I was asked out on a date but…\" \"But?\" \"I accept your invitation.\" \"Really.\" \"Just name the time and place and I'll be there.\" \"Alberto's tomorrow night at eight.\" \"I'll be there.\" \"I'll pick you up.\" \"You don't have too, I can easily make my own way too…\" \"I'll pick you up.\" Elise smiled up at him, before she was taken by surprise for a second time that day, when he leaned in and kissed her cheek. \"Until tomorrow Elise.\" \"Tomorrow.\" She smiled as she closed the door behind her. … To Be Continued… So, what do you think. Do you want another chapter or will I just leave it there, let me know and thanks for reading.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 … Sean stood in front of the mirror, making a lame attempt as doing up his tie. He looked around when he heard the small giggle, to see Quinn watching him. \"What are you laughing at?\" He asked. \"Just my dad, after all these years, he still can't tie a tie.\" \"Well instead of just standing there making fun of me, how about you get over here and help your old man.\" Quinn put her apple on Sean's dresser and went over to her father and began to help him with his tie, Sean watching at how focused she was on the task. \"There, perfect.\" She smiled. Sean turned around and inspected himself in the mirror, seeing the good job Quinn had done with his tie. \"Wow, just like your Mom.\" Quinn glanced at him in the mirror, a warm smile on her face before he turned around to face his daughter. \"So, do I look okay.\" \"You look great dad.\" \"And you're okay with looking after Alex?\" \"You're paying me so…yeah.\" \"And me going out with Elise, you're okay with that too.\" \"Sure, why wouldn't I be.\" \"Because…Elise is the first woman I've been out with since your Mom and I know that must be difficult.\" \"I'm not saying it's not weird but it's not like I don't know her.\" \"And what about the age thing.\" \"You mean the fact that Elise has managed to bag herself a toyboy.\" \"Honey…\" \"Relax dad, I'm okay with this, really. I like Elise, and she's been great after all the stuff with Mom and this place, she didn't have to stay in touch with me but she did and that alone just shows you the kind of person she is.\" Sean brought his daughter in to his arms, hugging her tightly. \"Hair dad, watch the air.\" \"Sorry honey, I'm just so relieved that you're okay with this.\" \"Well I am, so…go out and have fun and buy her the most expensive flowers you can find.\" \"You think I should get her flowers?\" \"Eh, yeah…geez dad, it really has been a while for you huh.\" Quinn tuned on her heels and made her way out of the room, grabbing her apple as she went, Sean turned back to the mirror to inspect himself one last time. \"Come on Brenner, don't screw this up. … Specs was pacing back and forth in front of Tucker who was sitting on Elise's couch eating a hot dog, oblivious to what Specs was doing. \"I can't believe this, can you believe it?\" Specs asked. He looked down at Tucker who was to engrossed in his hot dog. \"Hey, I'm talking to you.\" Specs said, nudging his leg. \"Ouch, watch it.\" \"Well listen to me.\" \"What?\" \"I'm asking you if you think it's weird that Elise is going out with this guy.\" \"What's the big deal, it's not like we don't know him.\" \"Yeah I know but…\" \"What?\" \"Why would he want to go out with Elise.\" \"Huh, why not. Just because she's older than him?\" \"Well…\" \"I wouldn't let her hear you say that.\" \"Too late boys.\" Specs froze and Tucker looked past Specs to Elise standing in the room, watching Specs with an expression Tucker couldn't read. Specs turned around slowly, almost afraid to look her in the eyes. \"Elise I…\" \"What, you didn't mean what you said?\" Specs went quiet as Elise got closer to him, then smiled the way she always did to relax them. \"Stop worrying so much Specs, you think I don't know I'm older than he is. I did think twice about going when he asked me to dinner, I've even thought on more than one occasion since yesterday about cancelling.\" \"But you didn't?\" Tucker said through mouthfuls of food. \"Don't you ever stop eating.\" Elise laughed. \"Sorry.\" \"Look Elise, in all seriousness…are you absolutely sure about this. I just don't want to see you get hurt, that's all.\" Elise leaned up to kiss Spec's cheek before a smile graced her face yet again. \"I appreciate the concern but I don't think Sean will do anything to intentionally hurt me, he's not that type of man.\" \"As long as you're sure.\" \"I'm sure, look, you're both lovely for caring so much and I'll always appreciate that you do, even if I don't always say it but I've decided that it's time to live my life again, to move on from Jack. I'll always love him but I know I can't give up on my life.\" Specs moved forward, giving Elise a hug before he pulled back. \"Then we're happy for you.\" \"Thank you boys.\" The knock at the door made everyone go quiet, Specs turning to Elise. \"You want me to get it?\" \"I can answer my own door thank you, sit.\" Specs did as he was told and took a seat beside Tucker while Elise went and opened the door, Sean looked up when the door opened to see Elise smiling at him. \"Sean, right on time.\" \"Hey, wow you look…amazing.\" \"Thank you, come on in.\" She smiled. Specs looked up when Sean came inside, offering a smile to the younger man. \"Hey Specs…Tucker.\" \"Mr Brenner.\" \"Call me Sean, please.\" \"I'll just go grab my jacket, won't be a minute.\" Sean nodded as Elise slowly made her way back down the hallway, Specs and Tucker watching Sean closely as he turned to them. \"So guys, everything okay?\" He asked nervously. \"Great, so…where are you taking Elise?\" \"Alberto's.\" \"Wow, nice place. You know Elise doesn't get all dressed up for just anyone, in fact I don't think I've ever seen her in a dress before.\" \"Right.\" Sean said confused. Specs got to his feet, coming to stand in front of Sean, a serious look on her face. \"Elise means something to us, and we wouldn't want to see her get hurt.\" \"Specs…Tucker, I've no intention in hurting Elise, I like her…a lot.\" \"Really?\" Specs asked. \"Yeah, really.\" \"I believe him dude.\" \"Yeah, me too. Okay, then go have fun.\" Specs smiled. Elise came back through, spotting how close Specs was standing next to Sean. \"Everything okay boys?\" \"Great, just making sure he'll look after you tonight.\" \"Aren't you boys sweet, but don't worry about me…I can look after myself, speaking of which…Sean, shall we go.\" \"Sure.\" Sean followed Elise to the door, quickly tuning back to Specs and Tucker. \"Don't worry, I'll look after her…I promise.\" … To Be Continued…[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 … Sean closed the front door behind him as Elise stood on the porch waiting for him, a warm smile on her face as he approached her. \"I'm sorry if the boys were being rude to you before.\" She said. \"Oh no they weren't, they care about you. It's only right they'd be concerned for you.\" \"Specs seems to feel like he has to look out for me.\" \"Has it been good having them along with you on cases then?\" \"It has, they make it more fun. I'm glad I met them.\" \"Well, they're certainly better with you on their side than they were when they came to my apartment on their own…shall we.\" Sean held out his arm as Elise slipped her arm though his and made their way down the path to his car, he opened the door for her, leaning in and bringing out a small bunch of roses for her. \"Oh Sean, you didn't have to buy me flowers.\" \"Are you kidding, our first date and I don't give you flowers, my daughter would have killed me.\" He joked. \"They're beautiful, thank you.\" \"You're carriage awaits.\" Elise got in to the car, Sean closing the door behind her before coming around to the drivers side and getting in. \"So, you hungry?\" He asked. \"I am actually.\" \"Great, I do love a woman with an appetite.\" … The restaurant wasn't overly busy when they arrived, they were taken to their table and Sean ordered them some drinks. Sean decided on a beer before passing the wine list to Elise. \"Which wine would you like Elsie?\" \"Actually, I think I'll have a beer too, thank you.\" She passed the wine list back to the waiter and waited for the man to leave before Sean burst out laughing. \"What's funny?\" She asked. \"The look on the waiters face, I don't think women are supposed to order beer.\" \"Well, I'm not most women. I can't stand wine, I've always been a beer girl.\" She smiled. \"My kind of woman.\" He replied. Elise looked over at him, both falling silent as they smiled at one another from across the table. \"I'm glad you agreed to come tonight, I wasn't sure you would.\" Sean said. \"If I'm honest, I wasn't sure myself. I did think about calling and cancelling a few times.\" \"So why didn't you?\" \"Well, I decided that it was time to stop wallowing in my own grief.\" \"You're husband?\" \"Mmmm, he was the love of my life Sean and I didn't think it was possible to meet anyone who could possibly match him. I didn't think I'd ever date again and then you turned up on my doorstep.\" \"Well, I'm glad you decided to come. I hate to eat alone.\" \"Quinn and Alex are really okay with this then?\" \"Are you kidding me, Quinn couldn't get me out of the apartment quick enough when I told her I liked you.\" \"She's a good girl.\" \"She is, she certainly adores you. All her friends now know about the amazing psychic Elise Rainier.\" \"The jobs certainly served me well.\" \"Do you ever wish you had chosen another career path?\" \"Why do you ask that?\" \"The dangers you find yourself in, like now.\" \"It goes with the job.\" \"When you were trying to contact my wife when we were in Quinn's room the first time and you looked like you were choking, it scared the hell out of me, I felt powerless to help you.\" \"On I can help myself in those situations, I know it's scary to watch, over the years, I think I've gotten used to it.\" \"Don't you ever want to just give it up?\" \"For a while after Jack died, I did. I didn't do any work for months after, I couldn't.\" \"So what changed?\" \"Quinn, the moment she appeared on my doorstep that day, how sad she was, the pain and grief she felt…I knew I couldn't turn her away, I knew how badly she needed my help.\" \"I'm glad you said yes that day, otherwise we may never have met.\" Elise smiled over at him as the waiter came over with their beers, placing two glasses in front of them. \"Oh, the glasses won't be necessary, but thank you.\" Elise smiled, handing them back to the waiter. The man gave her a raised eyebrow as he took the glasses away before handing them both the dinner menus. \"Very well madam, I'll give you both a few moments before I take your order.\" He said, as he walked away. Sean and Elise looked at each other as the waiter walked away, before they burst in to laughter, other occupiers of the restaurant giving them strange looks. \"I don't think we're supposed to be in here.\" Elise joked. \"To hell with them if they can't loosen up, I for one am having fun.\" \"Me too, I'm glad I came.\" \"I'm glad you came too, hopefully we can have more nights like this.\" Sean leaned over, taking hold of Elise's hand. Elise tensed for a second before she relaxed, returning the gesture to Sean. \"We will.\" She smiled. … To Be Continued…[Chapter 4] I just want to take a moment and say thank you IFarin for all the lovely reviews on AO3, you've been amazing and I'm so glad you're enjoying it. ... Chapter 4 … As Elise and Sean left the restaurant, Sean began to walk towards the car, stopping when he couldn't hear Elsie behind him, turning to see her watching him. \"Elise, you okay?\" \"Fine, it's just…such a nice night, I feel like a walk.\" \"A walk, can you manage that?\" \"It's not that bad Sean, come on…why not? Unless you need to get home to the kids.\" Sean walked back over to her, seeing the uncertainty in her eyes, obviously wondering if she's taken a step too far with him. \"No, absolutely not, I'm in no rush at all. Shall we.\" Sean held out his arm for Elise, watching the smile that crept back on her face as she slipped her arm through his as they made their way down the path of the restaurant. \"Where would you like to go?\" \"How about down by the river, it's always nice down there at night.\" \"Very well.\" They walked along the streets in silence, Elise looking up at him every now and again to make sure he wasn't getting bored, only to see him smiling back at her as he tightened his hold on her. They crossed over the bridge and down the steps, the moonlight bouncing off the water as they walked along by the river. Sean turned to Elise to see a pained look on her face, stopping by one of the benches along the way. \"Sean, everything okay?\" \"Me? You're in pain.\" \"What, no I…\" \"Elise, I can see it on your face.\" Elise sighed before Sean turned, so they were standing in front of one another, a serious look on his face as he looked down at her. \"Why did you insist on a walk when your ankle is obviously bothering you?\" \"Okay fine, yes it's bothering me, but not that much.\" \"Elise?\" \"Asking you to take me home so soon because I'm in pain, I already thought you were crazy when you asked me out to dinner, I knew I was older and now, this ankle proves my point.\" \"Having a sore ankle doesn't make you old, the ankle was all down to your job and anyway, I already told you…I don't look at you at someone who's older than me, I just look at you as…Elise.\" \"Really?\" \"Yeah…really.\" Elise looked up to see the small glint in Sean's eyes when she felt his arms suddenly going around her waist as he leaned down to kiss her. She felt herself respond immediately, she hadn't felt this safe in the arms of a man since Jack but it felt right. When Sean pulled back he saw the happy look on Elise's face. \"So, you wanna head back to the car?\" \"You don't mind?\" \"I don't mind at all, there'll be plenty of nights for walks.\" \"Thank you Sean, for being so understanding.\" Sean wrapped his arm around her shoulder as they made their way back to the car. When they got to the car, Sean turned to her before she got in to the car. \"So, home.\" \"I imagine Tucker and Specs will still be there.\" \"Waiting for the details?\" \"More than likely.\" \"It's nice that they care.\" \"Mmmm, how about we go back to yours.\" \"Mine, really…you know Quinn and Alex will be there.\" \"I know, it would be nice to see them again.\" \"You do realise Quinn will quiz you?\" \"I don't mind.\" \"Okay then, home to the kids.\" Elise sat back as Sean started the car, closing her eyes for a few moments, as she gave a small smile to herself. … Quinn was sitting on the couch, going over some of her course work for college when she heard the front door, looking at her phone to see that t wasn't even midnight yet. \"Dad…that has to be the shortest date I've ever….\" Quinn stopped short when her father and Elise walked in to the living room, Elise smiling at the younger woman. \"Elise…hey.\" Quinn was on her feet and over to Elise, hugging her in seconds. \"Well someone's happy to see me.\" She giggled. \"I don't even get that when I come home.\" \"Shut up dad, I see you everyday.\" When Quinn pulled back, she saw the cane Elise had in her hand. \"Oh my god, what happened to you. Geez Dad, what did you go and do to her.\" \"Hey.\" \"It wasn't your father sweetie, it was work related.\" \"Oh, right.\" Quinn went quiet at that. Elise saw the worry in Quinn's eyes as she looked at the cane in Elise's hand. \"Are you okay Quinn?\" \"Sure, I just…sorry.\" \"Why don't I go and make us some coffee?\" Sean said. \"Would love one.\" Elise smiled in his direction. Quinn nodded when he asked if she wanted one and watched with a small smile as her father kissed Elise on the cheek before leaving the room. Elsie took hold of Quinn's hand and guided her back over to the sofa. \"Come on sweetie, sit down and tell me what's on your mind.\" \"It's nothing, it was just…you got hurt, again.\" \"This wasn't because of you Quinn, just a hazard of the job.\" \"Don't you ever think of giving it up?\" \"I already tried that once, and then you arrived on my doorstep and I knew I couldn't turn my back on you, there will undoubtedly be more just like you in the future, I just can't say no. I don't want you to worry about me Quinn, perhaps one day I will give it up, but for now…there are others just like you who need my help.\" \"I guess so…so, how was he, he didn't go on too much did he.\" \"Your Father, no…he was wonderful.\" \"Yeah, really. So you like him then.\" \"I do, but honey are you sure that you'd be okay with this, if your Father and I were to continue to see one another.\" \"Why wouldn't I be.\" \"I am older than he is, I wouldn't want you…or Alex to feel embarrassed by us.\" \"Are you kidding, Alex thinks you're a bad ass. He's always telling his friends about you and as for me, you already know how I feel about gave me my life back, you helped me connect with my Mom one last time, and even more…you've made my Dad happy. He hasn't smiled this much or talked this much about a woman since Mom, it's nice to see him happy again. He really likes you Elsie.\" \"Well good, because I really like him too.\" Elsie giggled as Quinn leaned in to hug her as Sean came back through with the coffee. \"Hey what are you pair talking about huh?\" \"Oh nothing special.\" Elise grinned. \"Yeah Dad….just girl talk.\" \"Girl talk huh?\" \"Get used too it.\" Elise said, as she held Quinn close.\" … -Fin ","Summary":" I've spent some time looking through works for Insidious, more specifically for Elise Rainier and I"},{"Movie":"Penelope","Title":"Turning Point","Author":"AuthorSwimmerPoet","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8953358","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Edward wants to marry you,\" He got down on a knee. \"Are you prepared to walk away from your one chance, our only chance at a normal life?\" Penelope looked back and forth between her mother and the man with the awkward crooked expression that, if you were blind, might have been called a smile. He didn't want to marry her and she had no interest in marrying him. \"Yes,\" Her mother stared a bit bug-eyed. \"What?\" \"You'll marry me?\" Edward sounded like he was choking on the words. Penelope gave a grimace not unlike Edward's own. \"No. I was speaking to my mother. Yes, I'm ready to give away this chance. I'm happy as I am. I have friends now Mother. No matter what you say. You don't know what they think Mother. You can't get in their minds. I don't need to break the curse to be happy anymore.\" Jessica gaped. \"So you can put that ugly face away and go home Edward.\" Penelope didn't mean to be quite so mean about it, but she was anxious for Edward to be gone from her life again. He had been nothing but a nuisance to her, especially since she revealed herself to him. His face quirked into an expression that wasn't so different from the one he'd worn while proposing to her. He rose angrily to his feet, \"Well I won't be coming back to help you with the curse, this was your last chance.\" He was practically spitting, which was more emotion than she'd known Edward to be capable of having. He stormed out, the door slamming behind him. Penelope was not disappointed to see him go. Jessica however could hardly contain her rage. \"What were you thinking?\" She shrieked angrily. Penelope was fed up with this too, \"Mother!\" She retaliated angrily. \"I'm old enough to make my own decisions. You can't force me to get married, just so I stop being me! This is my nose, no matter how much you deny it. It's time we started learning how to live with it rather than just trying to wish it away. Maybe Max was right and the curse can never be broken, that doesn't mean I can't be happy the way I am!\" \"He was your chance!\" Jessica gesticulated angrily at the slammed door. \"He could have broken the curse! We could have been rid of that nose forever!\" \"I don't love him Mother!\" Penelope stomped angrily. \"And if you can't understand that, can't understand me, maybe it's time that I moved out.\" She stared at her mother fiercely daring her to say another word. The rant had left her breathless but it felt good to finally be able to get these things off her chest. She hated constantly being treated like she was still a little girl by her own mother. Jessica slumped speechless against the wall. Penelope stalked out of the room.[Chapter 2] \"Are you really leaving?\" Jessica sounded almost humble as she asked the question, as she had for about the last week as Penelope had been preparing herself to move out and truly start to make it on her own. Penelope nodded determindedly. Her mother was not going to cause her to back down, especially now things were so close to being truly in motion. She was anxious to live truly independently, to go to work, to learn the stresses of paying bills; she wanted to experience it all. She was amazed she'd never thought of simply leaving before. So many years wasted, it was time to start catching up with the rest of the world. She turned and a gave her mother a last, regretful smile as she pushed her way through the door. \"Goodbye Mother.\" Jessica began to sob. \"You really moved out?\" Annie asked taking another sip from the bottle in her hand. \"Cool. Did you need a place to stay for a while? I've got room at my place if you need it.\" Penelope smiled. \"Thanks for the offer Annie, but I've already been looking into places, I think I've found a nice apartment not too far from here that should work well.\" Annie nodded before downing another swig, \"Close to the pub an excellent choice. If I could do it again, I would probably pick an apartment by here too. This place is great.\" Jack glanced at the two chatting girls and grinned. He always liked hearing praise about his pub, especially from Annie. Penelope suspected the two would make a good couple, but after her long drawn out foray with it, she was not about to start matchmaking even for two friends, it was too painful. Made her think too much of Max and of course the other various heartaches that had ensued, but mostly it made her think of Max, and she preferred to avoid that as much as possible since he had refused her proposal. Not that it had been very easy to actually do so. He would spring into her thoughts at the strangest moments. She couldn't even play chess anymore because of thoughts of him. \"Ready for another drink?\" Jack asked setting a new bottle and a fresh mug in front of Annie and Penelope respectively. \"Thanks Jack, you really know how to take care of a girl.\" Annie tipped her bottle at him. Penelope grinned into the rim of her glass. She hoped those two figured it out because she was lonely, and still tremenduously hurt over the pain Max had caused her didn't mean that her two best friends couldn't be happy together. Maybe she would have to find a way to coax them together just to get the ball rolling. She didn't want to matchmake, but she just knew those two would be great together.[Chapter 3] Penelope swallowed nervously staring at the large brick building before her. She wanted to teach so badly, but would they like her? Would they want a young women with a pig snout to be teaching their children or would they be too worried about her frightening them? \"Only one way to find out.\" She murmured trying to steel herself for what was coming. Determinedly, she mounted the steps in front of the school, her shoes making a faint clopping sound. A tremor ran through her hand as she gripped the cool metal handle of the door. Squeezing her eyes shut, somehow feeling more able for it, she pulled the heavy door and stepped inside the school. She looked around, smiling to see all the pictures and other projects the students had done hanging about on the walls. It was everything she had dreamed a public school would be, back when she was a little girl with her mom taking care of all her schooling. Already she liked this place. She hoped they liked her. Echoes filled the surprisingly empty hallway as she began walking down. She wasn't entirely sure where the principal's office was but she wished someone were around to ask. Everybody must be in class right now. She thought with faint disappointment, but also relief. Maybe it would be best to be interviewed before she saw how the children would react to her strange nose. Eventually she found her way to some sort of office. Nervously she peeked her head in. A woman, busy with a phone call, barely glanced at her, but gestured to the row of seats lined up against the wall. Penelope nodded, keeping quiet so as not to disturb the call and sat down nervously. After a few minutes of busy chatter the woman finally hung up. \"Yes?\" She called from behind her desk. Penelope sprang to her feet, perhaps too eagerly and went to the desk. \"I'm here for an interview; my name is -\" She was cut off by a quick way of the woman's hand. She was almost glaring at Penelope's nose. \"No need to say. I'm well aware of who you are, little-miss-nose.\" Penelope winced, she wasn't used to people being quite so rude about her cursed features. \"The principal's office is in the back there.\" The woman gestured at a door Penelope hadn't noticed behind the desk. \"She's expecting you.\" \"Right,\" Penelope hesitated a moment, \"should I go back now then?\" The woman actually glared now, this time meeting Penelope's gaze. \"I said she's expecting you didn't I? Were you raised in a cave or something?\" Penelope was taken aback. She'd never been treated so rudely before. She was completely unsure of what would be the best way to react. She stared for a moment, before not saying anything and just scurrying behind the desk and towards the door. She hoped that the principal was more kind. No more how lovely the children's projects looked, she knew she wouldn't want to work at such a place if the principal were so cruel. Timidly she knocked on the door. \"Come in!\" An airy feminine voice called. Taking a deep breath Penelope stepped into the principal's office. \"I'm going to be a teacher!\" Penelope announced excitedly into the phone. \"Hey that's awesome, I knew you could do it!\" Annie praised. \"I told you you had nothing to worry about. People love you Penelope.\" \"Everybody that grouchy secretary.\" Penelope muttered. She still hadn't quite gotten over how rudely that woman had treated her. \"Secretaries are terrible people,\" Annie sympathized, though Penelope doubted whether the statement really had much truth for Annie. She hardly ever delivered packages anywhere with a secretary that she'd have to work with. \"So what happened in the interview? Did they love you instantly?\" \"Not exactly.\" Penelope answered, thinking back on what had happened once she'd finally gotten to the principal's office. \"She was quite hesitant really, said she was only really interviewing me because there were so few candidates. She was quite concerned about my nose. She said that kids have a tendency to be nasty about differences in people. Especially at the age that has the opening for me to teach.\" \"Nah,\" Annie interjected. \"Kids are just brutally honest which comes off as rude and mean sometimes.\" Penelope rolled her eyes and continued as if Annie hadn't said anything. \"But of course I expected that kind of resistance. I was really nervous, of course, but I found a way to explain to her, that I thought the kids being mean about my nose might actually be a good thing.\" \"Oh really how's that?\" Annie asked, sounding a little distracted now. She had probably started doing something while on the phone, like making dinner, Annie was notorious for not being able to sit still for long. \"I told her that my nose could actually help the kids to be more accepting the differences in people whether physically or otherwise. She practically gave me the job on the spot after that, she realized that it was a good thing to try and teach kids.\" \"You rock Penelope! You want to go to Cloverdilly to celebrate?\" Penelope grinned into the phone, sensing perhaps that Annie might have some other motives in that. \"Sounds great. When should we meet up?\" \"Say half an hour?\" Annie asked breezily. \"Sounds perfect, see you then.\" \"See ya.\" ","Summary":" \"Edward wants to marry you,\" He got down on a knee. \"Are you prepared to walk away from your one"},{"Movie":"Penelope","Title":"No Film","Author":"harrylee94","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7430162","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Johnny was getting closer to the bottle green Bedford van, the back windows covered by the red fabric that passed for curtains. It had become a kind of routine now; gambling at the table, turn up in the morning, get the jacket and talk to Penelope. Penelope… He couldn't see how this Edward guy could hate her so much. She was so smart and easy to talk to. A little shy maybe, but who was counting that? And yet here he was shouting to the world like she was some kind of monster! He was next to the back doors of the van and raised his fist to knock but stopped when he realised that Edward and the reporter, Lemon, were talking. \"…on purpose.\" The blue blood's voice drifted through the thin plastic that sat between them. He had the intense feeling they were talking about him. \"He's going for the dowry.\" Lemon sighed. \"Wish I could find a girl with a dowry.\" Was that all they thought of him? Some kind of looser who couldn't see past their next payday? The anger inside him began to build, but he held it in check, moving to stand by the side of the van, keeping himself out of view. \"Think about it Lemon,\" Edward continued, \"Max is only here for the money, so it makes sense that he'd go for the dowry! It's ten times the amount we're offering!\" Johnny gritted his teeth. If they wanted to look at him that way, then fine, he'll make them believe in their little fantasy. Being careful not to alert them to his presence, he made his way towards the mansion, doffing his hat and brushing his hair with his fingers. He wanted to look at least slightly presentable when he saw her. Or at least when she saw him. Pulling his scarf from around his neck, he straightened his jacket and knocked on the door. Moments later, the woman he'd come to know as Wanda opened it, a huge smile on her face. \"Max! How lovely to see you again!\" she said, opening the door further. \"Please come in.\" Stepping over the threshold of the Wilhern household, smiling at the overly enthusiastic lady beside him. He held up his things. \"Shall I… take these?\" \"Oh no!\" she took them from his hands and walked towards the stair, \"I'll hang them up for you.\" She stopped next to the banister. \"You know the way don't you?\" When he nodded her smile, against all odds, grew wider, and she went off down the hallway. As he began to climb the stairs, Johnny could feel the tension building inside him, like it always did. Whenever he was in that room, she… they thought he was someone else, a blue blood, and yet here he was, the son of a plumber and a bust gambler. Every time he left that room, amongst the feelings of happiness and peace was the feeling of guilt; guilt for pretending to be a man he could never be; guilt for betraying her trust every time he wore that jacket. He had to tell her. Johnny stepped through the door. \" Okay I've got it. \" Penelope said over the microphone, leaving him no chance to say anything. \" Piano, You play the piano, \" he walked over to the mirror and looked briefly over his shoulder at the piano that sat in the corner of the room, \" I bet my life on it. \" \"Alright, keep in mind,\" he said, forming a plan in his mind, \"never bet a better.\" He cringed inwardly at himself. That was subtle! You think she missed that idiot? He nodded and walked over to the instrument, admiring the woodwork. As he lifted the cover off of the keys he looked back briefly and sat down, stretching his fingers out as he always did before playing. Of course she didn't know that, so he thought he'd have a bit of fun. \"And a one, and a two, and a one – 'You are my…'\" he played some chords, \"'su-unshine, my only…'\" he moved his hands to play another, \"sunshine, you make me…\" he played some purposely wrong chords, \"'happy when skys are…'\" he played some more incorrect chords, \"'grey'… no.\" \" No, it's B flat. \" She said informatively as he continued. He laughed. So she did know how to play. \"'You are my… sunshine…'\" \" B flat on the right hand .\" \"'my only… sunshine.'\" He flourished the notes on his left hand as though he were trying to do what she wanted. \" No, right hand. \" He sucked in a breath through his teeth. \"'You are my…'\" he changed his chord to a minor, \"'sunshine, my only…'\" he played another, though higher this time, \"'sunshine, you make me…'\" A hand came to overlap his own, and he heard a familiar voice in his ear. \"You see, your left hand stays…\" he stopped playing and let her move his hands, \"and the right hand plays the chords.\" Johnny smiled. \"'My…'\" he played the notes she told him to, \"'sunshine'.\" \"See?\" Penelope said. \"Yeah, it's better…\" he turned to face her. His back hit the glass doors to the cabinet behind him as he jumped back in shock. Penelope, the girl he had been talking to for the past month, was standing there, right in front of him… with a snout instead of a nose. It didn't seem real. All he could do was stare. Was this really her? He watched as she tried to say something, but she just fell into silence, looking down at the floor before her eyes returned to him. They were beautiful eyes, so full of hope and dreams, ready to believe in anything. He began to edge towards her, bringing his hand up to her face, to her nose. As he touched it, he felt the side of his mouth twitch upwards slightly. \"How…?\" he couldn't say any more, and he let his hand move past her snout and onto her cheek where a tear had fallen down, his fingers wiping it away. His hand continued to move until it ended up resting on her shoulder. \"You… you didn't run away.\" She said, her scared face slowly turning into a smile. \"Run away?\" he frowned at her, \"Why would I run away?\" she began to sob. \"No, don't… come here.\" He pulled her into a warm embrace, resting her head on his shoulder. \"Why would I run away Penelope?\" \"I look like… I'm ugly! I look like a pig!\" she cried, her voice slightly muffled from speaking into his jacket. \"What?\" Johnny pulled her away and looked straight into her tearful eyes; those beautiful weepy brown eyes. \"You are not ugly Penelope. You're beautiful.\" He brushed her hair behind her ears, ignoring the fact that they were also very pig-like, \"You're beautiful and smart and amazing at interrogating people…\" she laughed slightly at that, which made him grin, \"And you're the most brilliant woman I've ever met.\" She stared at him, her hand coming up to her nose. \"But, my nose…\" her hand moved to the side of her head, \"my ears…\" \"…are what make you you.\" Johnny smiled at her. \"And to be honest, I think they're kind of cute.\" She smiled at him and blushed, returning to her previous position in his arms. It felt like the most comfortable and natural thing in the world to him. \"Thank you.\" She said, and kissed him on the cheek. \"Oh my God!\" Jessica exclaimed, dropping her bowl of popcorn as she stood, unable to believe what had just transpired on the screen in front of her. Franklin nodded, smiling at the television. \"He didn't run.\" Wanda said, staring at the air in front of her face. \"He actually didn't run.\" \"It's a miracle!\" \"More than a miracle!\" Mr Wilhern stood, putting his box of ice cream back on the kitchen table, leaving the two women to ramble on about how this was all thanks to them. Slowly, he made his way upstairs and knocked on the 'meeting' room's door. \"Come in.\" Accepting his daughter's invitation, he opened the door and stepped inside. When he saw that Penelope was still in the young man's arms he smiled, and his smile grew even wider at the sight of his expression. It was the look of a man completely at ease, a man who was comfortable exactly where he was. \"I see you've met my daughter.\" He said, causing her to turn around in Max's arms. \"Dad!\" \"Mr Wilhern!\" His smile brightened as they unwrapped themselves from each other's arms in embarrassment, their cheeks flushing bright red. It reminded him of the time Jessica's father had caught them kissing in the kitchen in her mansion. Slowly, he made his way towards them until he was barely a foot away from the young man. He watched him squirm under his gaze and he remembered how he had squirmed. He held sympathies for this man, so he wouldn't prolong it any further. \"You believe she's beautiful?\" Max blinked. \"Y… yes sir.\" He looked over his shoulder to where Penelope was sure to be stood. \"She's the most beautiful woman I've ever met.\" Franklin nodded. \"And you'll return tomorrow?\" \"Yes sir.\" He replied, not pausing for a second, his eyes not moving from over the older man's shoulder. He really meant what he said, didn't he. \"Then I expect you back here at ten o'clock sharp and not a minute late.\" He began to walk out of the room. \"My daughter does not like to be kept waiting.\" AN - Okay, so I'm a gonner for soppy love stories. So sue me! I watch Penelope last night and I knew I had to write something about it, and as soon as this scene came up, I couldn't think of anything else to do. I have no idea when I'll upload the next chapter, so don't be expecting it too soon (I've got a lot of work to do at the moment). Hope you guys liked it![Chapter 2] Somehow, Johnny had gotten past the two men spying in the van the previous day, and by the time he returned, it, and they, were gone. The only thing that remained was a small strip of blank film stuck in the gutter. It was five to ten, and the gambler had spent a long time the night before at home, leaving his seat at the table cold and empty, much to the real Max Campion's disappointment. That fact, that he wasn't a blue blood, however significant or not, was nagging at the back of his mind. How could he, the son of a plumber, be anything like them? He yawned. There hadn't been much sleep for him that night, with thoughts of how he was going to break it to them… to her. Why did he have to listen to Lemon? Why couldn't he have just walked away? And then he remembered. Ah yes, the money; the root of all evil. He frowned. If it really was the root of all evil, then what was he doing here standing at the door of the one person he… loved? Was that what it was? He knocked the door. It was a moment before anyone answered, but when the door opened, he recognised the face of Jake, the Wilhern manservant. \"Good morning.\" Johnny smiled. \"Morning.\" He stepped into the hallway and looked up the staircase, where Penelope was waiting. \"You came!\" she exclaimed as she ran down the stairs, her face bright and happy as she jumped into his arms. \"I thought you'd never come back!\" \"What? And leave this beautiful woman here to rot?\" He kissed her on the forehead, \"I don't think so.\" They stood there for a moment, content with just holding each other, but soon Jessica arrived. For some reason Johnny would probably never understand, mothers always wanted to make themselves known, no matter what the situation. It appeared that Mrs Wilhern was much, much worse than he'd ever anticipated. \"Ah! You must be Max!\" she exclaimed, coming over with her hands raised in the air, letting them fall the closer she got. For some reason, Penelope decided that it would be a good idea if she stayed firmly attached to him, as if she felt afraid that she would scare him away. It wasn't like she had the nose of a pig or anything… \"It's so nice to meet you! I'm Penelope's mother.\" She held out her hand, though her eyes told Johnny that she'd planned on doing something else. \"Uh, pleasure to meet you Mrs Wilhern.\" He said, taking her hand in his free one, though it was a little difficult considering there was a weight trying to hold him down. \"Oh, call me Jessica. Everyone does.\" She replied, smiling in one of those 'aren't I great' ways. \"Now, I have a few ground rules. Penelope's not allowed outside these premises, you are…\" \"Mum!\" Penelope cried, turning around. \"What?\" she asked, \"A mother's allowed to be protective of her child isn't she?\" Her smile saddened slightly. \"Oh! I can't believe you came back!\" and before he could say 'help', Penelope's mother was hugging him. Luckily, just at that moment, Mr Wilhern entered the already crowded corridor and proceeded to pry his wife off of him, to his great relief. She then clung to him like a sloth would a tree, crying into his shoulder. Franklin tried to comfort her as he signalled with his eyes for them to go, quietly , up the stairs, which they obliged. Once they had finally entered the room that they both knew only too well, they sighed, closing the door softly behind them. \"Well, now you've met my whole family.\" Penelope said, giving him a small smile. Johnny smiled back. \"It's no worse than mine.\" He thought about his own family, then realised something. \"Correction, your family cares about you more.\" \"Ha ha, very funny,\" she said sarcastically, pulling away from him. She kept a hold of his hand as she moved around the room, her light grip strangely comfortable in his, forcing him to follow until they were at the bookcase she had first appeared from. \"Would you like to see it?\" she asked, turning back to face him, her free hand already resting on one of the shelves. \"Your room?\" he looked at the mirror where they had conversed during the times he had visited, and occasionally played chess. Before he could say another word, he felt a slight breeze push against his face, meaning the door had been opened. As he stepped into Penelope's 'home' he couldn't help but gasp. It was as if someone had made the perfect playground, with books and toys… and even a swing that hung from the rafters. It was slightly messy, but it looked like there had been some effort in trying to keep the place tidy, with most items stacked away in shelves or piled against the walls and in the corners. There was one thing that caught his eye though. Sat in middle of several piles of books was a small piano, something a young child would play, but from the way it had been left in plain sight showed that it was something that the young woman still used, or at least treasured. \"What?\" Johnny looked back down at her momentarily before looking back at it. \"How old is that exactly?\" he asked, pointing towards it. Her gaze followed his finger. \"That? I've had it since I was five. My mother was insistent that I learned. Why?\" He remembered what his own mother had been like, pushing him to play any time he wasn't doing his homework, until he came to a point where he didn't have to pushed anymore; where he actually enjoyed it, when he could feel it, flowing from his heart and through his fingertips. It was like magic. \"You still play it sometimes.\" He could feel her eyes on him. She was probably shocked that he could know that, but it was so obvious. \"Well… you left it in plain sight, and it's clean. If you didn't play it, it would have been put away. Would probably be dusty too…\" he added as an afterthought. She tilted her head to the side. \"And what do you care? It's not like you play it.\" He sucked on his teeth guiltily, \"Well…\" \"You liar!\" she hit him lightly on the arm, \"I guessed piano!\" her eyes hardened. \"You did that on purpose.\" \"Well how else was I going to get you to emerge from your cave?\" he asked smirking at her. She really did look beautiful when she was angry. She twisted her mouth, trying to determine whether she should forgive him or not, but he was looking at her with the best puppy dog eyes he could, and she gave up even trying to be angry with him. When Penelope smiled at him, Johnny felt as if the world would fall away. He knew that if he lost everything he ever owned; his home, his money… even his music, he wouldn't even care. Taking her in his arms, he realised the one thing he had been secretly hoping for. He loved her, and nothing else in the world mattered to him anymore. AN - Okay, this has to be the first romance scene I've ever written! And it's not even a proper one! Gah! This chapter was so hard to write, but I tink it turned out okay in the end... Hope you guys liked this chapter, and I hope to update soon![Chapter 3] \"I'm going to take you somewhere.\" Penelope blinked. \"But… I'm not allowed out of the house. I'll be seen! You don't know what people would…\" Johnny put a finger over her lips and smiled. \"Don't worry, I have an idea.\" he said, pulling his coat on and picking something up from one of the coat hooks. Her eyes widened as she watched him, realising what he was doing. He wound the polka-dot scarf around her nose and mouth before letting it hang around her neck. \"There. Nothing to worry about.\" She giggled, her eyes lighting up as the promise of adventure. \"We'll have to go out the back. That way mother and father won't see us.\" Johnny helped her pull her coat on and he pulled on his own before sneaking through the house towards the kitchen where the doorway to freedom sat, waiting to be opened. They reached it without any problem at all, but as they were about to open it, someone behind them coughed. They froze. As they turned, they found Jake stood next to the table, looking extremely disappointed. \"Oh Jake, I'm sorry. I…\" Penelope started, but he held up a hand. She stopped immediately. Johnny felt crestfallen. Not only had his attempt at getting her out failed, but he was probably never going to be able to see her again; the one thing he was sure about in his entire life and he screwed it up. Nice going dumb ass! \"It's cold outside, miss Penelope,\" the butler said informatively, before holding up his other hand, in which was a set of woollen gloves, \"You don't want to get cold fingers do you.\" Wait. What? \"Oh thank you Jake!\" the young woman exclaimed, jumping onto him in a burst of glee before pulling away, taking the gloves he offered her. \"Come on Max!\" She took his hand and dragged him out the back door, not giving him a chance to show his gratitude. There was a fair in the park that month, and Johnny knew Penelope would love it. He took her hand in his. \"I want to show you something.\" He smiled at her scarf-covered face and slowly began to lead her towards the lights that were shining through the trees. \"Max? What is it?\" He cringed. It was all a lie. Everything he told her was a lie. \"You'll see.\" When was he going to tell her? How was he going to? How would she react? Would she hate him? Would she ever talk to him again? Penelope gasped. \"It's… It's so beautiful.\" Holding her from behind, Johnny looked over her head at the bright lights of the merry-go-round, the stalls and the music that played. It felt good to make her happy. \"Would you like some cotton candy?\" he asked, nodding towards the man holding some sticks and some bags of pink fluff. Penelope looked up at him. \"But… my nose…\" \"We don't have to eat it here. Maybe…\" he looked around, \"over there?\" The young woman followed his finger. It was a secluded area. There was a bench and a light that had broken, so it was in complete darkness, next to the lake. She nodded. \"But only if we share. I don't know if I like it or not.\" Johnny's eyebrows rose. \"No?\" She shook her head. \"I've never tried it before.\" What was wrong with her parents? Never tried cotton candy before… \"Well, alright then.\" They walked hand in hand over to the man behind the machine. \"One please.\" He said, smiling. The man pulled a stick out of a box and started to collect the cotton sugar onto it as Penelope watched in fascination, her eyes growing wide as the ball grew larger and larger. Handing over some coins, he thanked the man with a smile and took her hand in his as she stared at the treat she held. She was so sweet. The way she was looking at everything, just as a small child would, made her look so innocent, so pure. Once they'd made their way over to the bench, Johnny pulled the scarf down from around her mouth, allowing her to take a bite of the treat. He could barely hold back a snigger when she drew away. \"What?\" she asked, looking at him incredulously, \"What?\" \"You've um…\" he touched his chin with his finger, \"You've got a little something-\" \"Here?\" she asked, sticking her tongue out and reaching around her mouth, making him laugh even more, \"Did I get it?\" He tried to look serious as he examined her, but it didn't work, \"Yes, I think that's all of it.\" She smiled. It was the smile that lit up the room the first time he'd seen her. It was perfect, just like everything else about her. \"This is really good!\" she exclaimed, \"I can feel it melting in my mouth!\" \"Yes, that's what cotton candy does,\" he explained, \"and sticks to your face when you eat it, apparently.\" She hit him lightly on the arm and giggled before returning to her food. They sat there in silence for a few minutes, staring out at the water's surface as the lights of the city reflected on its surface. It was beautiful. As a nearby clock struck the hour, Penelope turned to him, holding the cotton candy towards him. \"I've been eating it all!\" she exclaimed in embarrassment as she pulled her scarf up above her nose again, \"Would you like the rest?\" Johnny shook his head, \"No. You look like you're enjoying yourself.\" She giggled, making his heart flutter, and continued devouring the sugary treat. Once she'd finished, she discarded the stick into the bin beside the bench and looked at her watch. \"We should probably get going soon. We don't want my parents to worry, do we?\" He grinned at her, taking her hand in his, \"Of course not.\" Pulling the scarf over her nose once again, both Penelope and 'Max' started their walk back to her home. AN - I know, I know! It's been forever since I last updated this story. I feel horrible. Please forgive me! I didn't mean to neglect this so badly! I know this isn't a very long chapter, but I've had trouble with my stories recently, so I hope it's alright. Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed this chapter, and hopefully you won't have to wait months before the next chapter's up, but no promises! ","Summary":" Johnny was getting closer to the bottle green Bedford van, the back windows covered by the red fabr"},{"Movie":"One Special Night","Title":"Strangers No More","Author":"faithandhopewoman","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7217344","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own any of these characters, and I don't know who does own them, although the movie was produced by Kaboom. I make no money from this work of fiction. I just love Robert and Catherine. 1. Saying goodbye Robert and Catherine said goodbye to each other when she was dropped off at her house. They had bonded Thanksgiving night; their smiles and voices as they said goodbye were much different than when they met. Little did they know; their lives would cross again, accidentally. In the next few days, each experienced grief; fresh grief for Robert and unresolved grief for Catherine. On Saturday Robert went to see Marybeth. He found her awake, sitting in a chair. She didn't act shocked to see him. He sat on the sofa across from her. Marybeth he began: I miss you sweetheart, so do the girls and Michael. I miss you sleeping beside me. I miss your smell. I thought it was your perfume, but I could never find a perfume bottle. Then I realized it was your shampoo. Marybeth, we had many happy years together. I remember how we cried when the doctor told you about the Alzheimer's. Then you had your first heart attack. Everything is just working against you; your heart is so weak. I remember you told me you didn't want me to be alone after you died. He fought tears as he continued: I met a lady doctor here at Shelby Manor; she lost her husband to cancer a year ago. We talked; she helped me a lot. She was very nice; I hope I can see her again someday. Marybeth got up, looking confused. Robert asked if she wanted to go to bed. She didn't say anything, just walked towards her bed. Robert helped with the covers and took off her slippers. He held her hand and she squeezed it. Then she said, \"Goodbye, Robert,\" as she fell off to sleep. Robert left saying, \"see you tomorrow Marybeth.\" Robert smiled, walking down the stairs; those were the first words she had spoken directly to him in months. On Sunday, Robert struggled; he wanted to meet Catherine for pancakes; just to talk to her. He needed to talk to someone and she had been so easy to talk with; she was a great listener. Catherine also enjoyed her conversations with Robert. She had opened up to a complete stranger and felt nothing but care and concern from Robert. Catherine entered the restaurant, hopeful. Lori's phone call made Robert focus on Marybeth. Glancing at the door of the restaurant, he sped away to the hospital. Another heart attack; would she survive? Robert wondered. He was too late to say goodbye. He cried with his girls. The hospital called the Catholic Priest from the local Parrish; he knew the Woodward family well. He anointed Marybeth. He spoke to the family: Take comfort, her suffering is over and so is yours. You've been a strong family. You stayed by her side even though it was very difficult. As each day, each week, each month pass, the good memories will survive; allow yourselves to move on in life, you have already grieved enough. Robert told him what Marybeth had said to him. \"Father, could she have known the end was near.\" \"Yes, Robert, that is very possible. It may have been something you said that made her know that you were going to be alright.\" After her funeral, Robert thought about the priest's words, \"allow yourselves to move on in life.\" Robert thought; maybe Catherine can help me move on; not really understanding what he was telling himself. The events of that Sunday seemed to take away any hope of a future relationship between Robert and Catherine. Robert went back to Shelby Manor to pick up Marybeth's things. He felt the urge to find the cabin again. There was smoke coming from the chimney. He stopped and went to the door. Learning that the cabin was for sale, he bought it. He needed a place where he could be alone; to think about a possible relationship with Catherine. Catherine compartmentalized her thoughts; at the hospital she was happy, concentrating on her work, but at home she was miserable, thought a lot about Robert. In fact she had found his address in the phone book and walked to his house on her morning walk. Not really knowing why; in the end she crinkled the paper up and put it in her pocket. But that wasn't the last time she walked there; it was everyday.[Chapter 2] AN UNPLANNED MEETING A few more inches of snow had been added since Thanksgiving. Today was clear and bright, the sun shinning off the snow could be blinding if one was not careful. Catherine knew that as she headed out the door of the hospital; her first afternoon off since that Sunday. She had worked ten days straight. As long as she was busy her mind did not wonder to thoughts of Robert. Thoughts like; why had he not come to Murray's that Sunday? Not even a phone call. This afternoon she did not head home; she drove toward Shelby Manor; perhaps she could find comfort in Tom's old room. Her eyes squinting from the sun; she remembered her sunglasses in the glove compartment. With less glare from the snow, she was able to find the back road she always had used in her many travels to and from Shelby Manor; not remembering that it would be much faster to take the main highway. A few miles later, she saw a small road that veered off to the left; wondering where it went she turned on to it. It had been plowed recently; the snow was piled high on each side. It was actually so high she couldn't see over it. Suddenly she saw smoke rising, as if from a chimney. A little ways down the road was a small lane; she turned and before her was the cabin. She stopped the car right there. What am I doing here? She thought. Then she noticed a large black vehicle sitting in front of the cabin. Her heart took a leap. That looks like the one Robert's son-in law and daughter were driving when they rescued us. No it couldn't be, she said to herself. It's just a coincidence. She decided it must belong to the owner and she drove down closer; she wanted to explain about the broken window. She got out of her car. Suddenly, she heard the cabin door close and a man walked out of the porch. She froze. She didn't know what to do. She wasn't sure she could talk to him. So many thoughts went quickly through her mind. Why is he here? Would he even want to talk to me? Quickly, she got back in the car. The only way out for her was to back up; the only way to turn around was right in front of the cabin where he was parked. Robert heard a car door close and looked down the lane at the SUV parked there. The person's face was hidden because of the glare from the snow. The car quickly backed up, right into the snow bank. He ran to help. As he got closer, he saw it was a woman; then their eyes locked. \"Catherine,\" he shouted as he got closer. She stepped on the accelerator and the car leaped forward right into the opposite snow bank; hitting it so hard her head came forward against the steering wheel. She had not fastened her seatbelt in her haste to leave. Robert was quickly at her car door. He opened it and called her name, \"Catherine, answer me please?\" No response. He carefully lifted her head off the steering wheel, just enough to see if she was bleeding. Thankfully she wasn't. He thought; she just must be dazed. He decided to go around to the other side and sit beside her. He kept calling her name and gently rubbing her arm. He didn't know how long they sat there before he heard a moan. \"Catherine, are you alright?\" She didn't answer right away. He spoke her name again. She began to move. \"What happened?\" She asked. \"You hit your head on the steering wheel. Would you like to go inside and rest for awhile? The cabin is warm, Catherine.\" \"Yes, thank you.\" \"Let me help you out, I certainly don't want you to fall.\" Supporting her, they walked to the cabin. \"Catherine, you need to lie down for awhile and rest.\" \"You have quite a lump on your forehead; I'm going to make an ice pack.\" He turned to go to the kitchen without waiting for an answer. He also put some water on for tea. \"Catherine, take this; it will help.\" He said as he handed her the ice pack. At the same time he asked if she would like some tea. She nodded. Shortly, he returned and placed a tray on the footstool with the tea pot and two cups. Robert brought one of the armchairs over by the sofa. \"Catherine, how do you like your tea?\" \"With a little sugar.\" she responded. Robert gave out a soft laugh; \"this really wasn't how I envisioned us meeting again, Catherine.\" \"No, me either.\" She sat up and took the cup Robert offered to her. \"Thanks, Robert.\" Their eyes met again. Catherine thought. His eyes are confusing; sadness, grief, but also relief. \"Robert, what's wrong?\" \"Catherine, you don't know, do you?\" \"Know what Robert?\" \"Marybeth died that Sunday.\" \"Oh, Robert, I'm so sorry. Are you alright? The girls?\" \"She seemed to know me on Saturday; so it really was a surprise. The priest said that may have been her way of letting go. I just feel bad because I didn't get a chance to say goodbye, she died before I arrived. Everyone is beginning to heal.\" Tears came to her eyes. \"Robert, I'm so ashamed, I thought you didn't want to see me again. I knew her heart was weak, I'm a cardiologist, I should have thought of that.\" \"Catherine, eventually I was going to call you, I just didn't know how long to wait.\" She wiped her tears away with the backs of her hands. Their eyes locked again. \"Catherine, I told you that morning, I wanted to know all about you, I still do.\" He smiled at her shyly. \"Now, I can say what I really wanted to say. I need you Robert; I need you in my life. I finally found someone who understands. That day I started to put my own grief behind me. Tom has probably been very disappointed that I am still grieving over a year later.\" \"Shall we begin?\" She said with a smile. \"Hi, I'm Catherine Howard, and you are?\" \"Robert Woodward.\" They drew close; each placed their hand on the other's cheek, for a warm simple loving kiss; then looking at each other with a laughing smile. They both asked at the same time; \"what are you doing here?\" Catherine looked around the cabin; \"Robert, this place in under construction!\" \"Yes, it is.\" he laughed. \"Please don't laugh at me. When I came to see the owner and explain about the window, I found the neighbor here getting the place ready to sell. I bought it.\" \"You did! Why?\" \"It was an impulsive decision; I felt I needed a place to go. With Jeff and Lori trying to get back together, I had no privacy. Plus there was a certain sadness, even though Marybeth hadn't lived there for six months, I needed a place of my own.\" \"I can understand that; after the holidays, I'm going to put mine up for sale; it's too big and lonely. Maybe that's one of the reasons I'm still grieving.\" \"Do you feel alright? Are you dizzy?\" \"My head is a little sore, but I'm okay.\" \"Let me show you what I'm doing.\" He showed Catherine around. He was installing a separate shower stall; plus two heat lamps in the bathroom. The loft ladder was gone, soon to be replaced by a sturdier one; a low wall was being built around the loft. Robert explained. \"I'm sure when Michael sees it; he will want to be up there. The wall will make it safe for him.\" Robert had bought a microwave, a coffee maker and a new toaster for the kitchen. A replacement refrigerator was on order. He showed Catherine the plans for two new bedrooms and a bath. He would add them in the spring. \"Catherine, it's getting late, we better go.\" \"What about my car, Robert?\" \"I think I can get you out of the snow bank.\" \"Catherine, will you have dinner with me tonight?\" \"I'd love to.\" \"I'll pick you up at six-thirty.\" \"I'll be ready.\" With little effort, Robert had Catherine's car out of the snow bank. \"Catherine, please fasten your seatbelt this time.\" She laughed. Once home, Catherine paused and thought. I'm starting a new relationship. She hadn't felt happier, she giggled to herself. Quickly she showered. The bump on her forehead wasn't real noticeable; but she did put on a touch of make-up and a dab of perfume. She was ready and waiting when Robert rang the doorbell.[Chapter 3] DINNER \"You look lovely, Catherine. How's your head?\" \"Thank you, Robert. You dress up very well too.\" Robert laughed. \"My head is a little sore, I'm sure I'll see a bruise in the morning.\" Once in the car, he asked, \"steak, seafood, or Italian, what's your preference?\" \"My preference is Italian.\" \"My favorite too; ever been to Romero's?\" \"Once, when it first opened.\" \"He's added on since then, it's a very busy restaurant, even has takeout.\" The restaurant had a very soothing ambiance. Robert requested a booth in the back. It was very secluded. \"Catherine, would you like a drink?' \"I'll take wine with dinner; I know not to drink on an empty stomach.\" \"I'll order a small appetizer for us; White wine?\" \"That's fine.\" \"Robert, did you say anything to Lori?\" \"I told her I was eating out; suggested she call a girlfriend and go out. Michael was with Jeff.\" Their appetizer and wine arrived. \"Catherine, tell me about yourself; did you always want to be a doctor?\" \"No. When I was young I had all the girly aspirations; I wanted to be a famous ballerina, but when it came time to buy toe shoes, I decided against it; they hurt too much. Then it was a singer, like Julie Andrews. My parents were teachers, both had PhDs, they encouraged me to pursue more serious paths. In the sixth grade I was asked if I wanted to take an advanced course in biology with the high school freshman, I loved it. That was just the beginning. I graduated high school at fifteen; the same year we moved to California. My parents enrolled me in advanced studies at UCLA; I received my degree in two and a half years. At eighteen, I started medical school. I met Tom the year I graduated. We were married three months later.\" \"Have you always lived here, Robert?\" \"We moved here when I was four. My dad was in the Navy, we had been stationed in Philadelphia. My mom was a fourth grade teacher and dad was an architect.\" Robert was about to continue when their dinner was served. Finishing their meal with a second glass of wine, Robert told her, \"I loved to make things. I always took all the woodworking classes I could; but my mom made sure I also had enough credits to get into college. Half way through college, I met Marybeth. After we married, I completed college by going to night school. I worked for a local construction company; I was promoted rapidly; offered a partnership about ten years ago. Five years ago, I bought out the retiring partner; it's now Robert Woodward Construction Company.\" Having shared a desert together, Robert escorted Catherine home. They stood on her porch. Robert took both of her hands in his. \"Catherine, I don't want to go a day without being with you. Will you go out with me tomorrow night?\" On Sunday as he was saying goodbye, she asked him. \"When are you going to tell your daughters about us?\" \"Soon Catherine, soon.\" Their kisses were still tender and sweet, but longer and lingering. \"Good night sweetheart, I'll call you in the morning.\" Lori knew something was different about her dad; for one thing he was happy; always smiling. One afternoon, Robert came to the house before Michael got home from school. \"Lori, I need to talk to you.\" \"Something wrong, Dad,\" she asked. \"No, actually, everything is just fine.\" She gave him a confused look. \"Lori, you remember the cabin, where Dr. Howard and I spent Thanksgiving night?\" \"Yes?\" she answered like a question. \"Well, I bought it.\" \"You did? Why?\" \"I needed a place of my own. I want this house to be yours and Jeff's when ever you two get things worked out between you. I love you and Michael, but I also need my own space.\" \"I understand Dad, I really do.\" \"That's not all Lori.\" Robert told her about meeting Catherine again. \"I meant what I told you before, absolutely nothing happened between us that night, except we touched each other's heart. I'd like you to meet her. Have dinner with us tomorrow?\" \"Sure Dad, Jeff has Michael for the weekend.\" She paused, \"you've seen her every night, haven't you?\" \"Yes, Lori, every night.\" \"Have fun tonight and tell her I'm looking forward to meeting the woman who has made my dad very happy.\" He smiled at her, \"I will Lori.\" That evening they were going to see the newest movie in town, Mickey Blue Eyes. He picked her up at six. After a loving kiss, \"Catherine, Lori is having dinner with us tomorrow, is that alright?\" \"So you told her.\" \"Yes, she's looking forward to meeting the woman who made her dad very happy.\" Tears came to her eyes, she kissed him on the cheek, \"her dad has also made me very happy.\" Robert knew Romero's was also Lori's favorite restaurant. Marybeth had introduced the family to Italian cooking after he took her to Italy on their tenth wedding anniversary. After exchanging genuine pleasantries; they drove to the restaurant. Seated at his favorite booth, Catherine engaged Lori in conversation. Robert took a back seat, just watching and listening; he knew they would become good friends. \"Remember, Lori, I'll never replace your mom. Please tell Jaclyn this, and I'll tell her myself when I meet her. If you ever need anything from me, I will always be there for you.\" \"Robert, would you like to come in for awhile?\" \"You can make us some coffee, to go with the cake I brought home.\" \"Don't you make coffee, Catherine?\" \"No, I only drink it at work.\" They sat at the small café set in her kitchen. \"Catherine, this kitchen looks brand new; how long have you lived here?\" She knew he was teasing with her. She laughed. \"You know I don't cook. I only use it to re-heat things I bring home and maybe an occasional omelet.\" \"Catherine, I know you're on call this weekend. Would you do some Christmas shopping with me? Oh, by the way, I want you to spend Christmas with us, including Christmas Eve. Will you?\" \"I'd love too, that means I need to do some shopping too.\" \"Call me when you finish at the hospital.\" He held her and kissed her with more passion than she had felt before. \"I better go, I love you, Catherine.\" With that he opened the door and she watched him drive away. He loves me, my goodness. And I love him, yes I really love him.[Chapter 4] CHRISTMAS EVE TWO Robert slept in a little later than usual. Soon Michael was at the door reminding him that he needed to make breakfast. \"Okay let me shave and shower, I'll be right down.\" He finished the bacon and was ready to start the eggs. Jaclyn sleepily appeared in the kitchen, having arrived late last night. \"I'm anxious to meet Dr. Howard. When is she coming over?\" \"This afternoon, in time for early church.\" Soon Lori appeared, not looking very well. Robert looked at her with concern. What's the matter, honey? I'm a little sick to my stomach, maybe I just need to eat something, like toast. Robert was cleaning up the breakfast dishes when Lori appeared again, not looking any better. Soon she was in the bathroom throwing up. Being eight months pregnant, she knew this wasn't good and then she realized she was bleeding. She called out for Jaclyn who came running to her side. Robert heard all the commotion; he took one look at Lori and knew what he had to do. He had to call Catherine. After getting no answer at Catherine's house, he frantically started looking for her cell phone number. He knew he had it somewhere. It wasn't in his coat pocket. He went upstairs; there it was on his dresser. \"Catherine, where are you?\" \"Robert, what's wrong, I'm out walking.\" \"I need you, Lori isn't well!\" \"I'm about two blocks from your house, I'll be right there.\" She walked faster; he met her half way. \"I know something is wrong, she doesn't want to worry me.\" Lori was pale, cold and clammy. \"What's wrong Lori?\" \"I've been sick to my stomach, now I'm bleeding.\" She didn't want to excite everyone, especially Michael, she calmly said, \"She needs to go to the hospital right now, Robert.\" She continued with directions. \"You must be, Jaclyn.\" She nodded. \"Please get Lori's coat. Robert, help her get in the back seat, I'll sit beside her,\" then she called the hospital. She identified herself to the person who answered, then said \"I'm bringing over a friend's daughter who's eight months gestation, has been vomiting for about eight hours and now has vaginal bleeding, please meet us at the emergency entrance with a wheelchair and you better notify the on call team.\" Before running out to the car, she bent down to speak to Michael; \"Mommy's going to be alright\" and gave him a hug and a kiss. Jaclyn, she touched her arm, \"please call Jeff, you and Michael can wait with your dad, just go to the second floor.\" Robert opened the car door, she slid in and placed Lori's head on her lap and tried to comfort her. Even though it was only a short distance to the hospital, it seemed to take forever. Someone with a wheelchair met them at the door; Robert helped Lori out of the car and into the wheelchair. Catherine slid out, telling Robert to come up to the second floor and she would find him. Reassuring Robert that Lori and the baby were going to be fine, she returned to the surgical suite. Surprisingly, Jeff found his way to the room; husbands were not usually permitted when an emergency c-section was needed. Catherine made an exception. After a few tense moments, a little baby girl gave out a loud cry. The sound everyone had been waiting to hear. Proudly, as if Lori was her own daughter, she handed the baby to Jeff. They both thanked her, Catherine had no words to say, she just smiled. Turning and saying \"I need to go find your father,\" she left the room in a hurry. Almost running down the hall, she couldn't get to Robert fast enough. He saw her and hurried toward her, grabbing her hands, he asked \"is everything alright?\" Catherine's eyes and smile told him the answer before she uttered a word. Holding back tears of joy, she told him \"you have a granddaughter, Lori is fine, her recovery will take a little longer because she had a c'section.\" Catherine took everyone to the doctor's lounge to wait until Lori was taken to her room. In about an hour, everyone had their first look at the new baby; small but very healthy. Inside Catherine's foyer, Robert held her close. \"All I can say is thank you.\" His lips claimed her mouth in a most passionate kiss; which she returned equally. Kissing until each needed to catch their breath. \"Catherine, I think we both know where our relationship is headed. I'll pick you up around seven, I need to get home and play Santa. Sweet dreams, Catherine.\" With a sweet kiss he left. Catherine stood there, smiling, with tears in her eyes. Yes, she knew. Robert arrived home, finding Jaclyn helping Michael with a letter to Santa. He wants a new Grandma. As they finished playing Santa, Jaclyn looked at him. \"Dad, Mom would be happy for you. And I think Dr. Howard is perfect for you.\" With that he kissed her goodnight.[Chapter 5] CHRISTMAS DAY At seven, he was ringing Catherine's doorbell. She opened it immediately. Barely waiting for him to come inside, she put her arms around his neck. \"Yes, Robert, I know where our relationship is headed. A year ago, I told Tom I could never love again, well I was wrong. I love you Robert Woodward more than you'll ever know. I will marry you whenever you are ready.\" The kisses that followed were equally as passionate as last night. \"Catherine, do you know you have made a little boy and his grandpa very happy? Michael asked Santa for a new grandma.\" \"He did! I guess we need to make that come true.\" \"Come on, get your coat, we can't keep him waiting, can we?\" \"No.\" Catherine gathered her gifts. Luckily, Michael was still asleep. She placed her gifts around the tree. The joy on Michael's face was something Catherine would remember the rest of her life. Not only had she ensured the safe birth of a special baby girl, she also had the love of this young boy. This was her best Christmas ever. \"Catherine, do you know how hard it is to say good night to you?\" \"Yes, I know.\" \"I love you, Catherine. Is six-thirty too early for breakfast at Murray's?\" \"I'll be ready and waiting.\" Their kisses lingered. \"I could get carried away Catherine, I better go. Sweet dreams.\" She stood watching him leave, knowing she wasn't going to wait long to marry him.[Chapter 6] GETTING MARRIED Jaclyn and Michael were waiting in the car. Michael couldn't stop talking as they drove to Murray's. \"Grandpa, when can I call the lady doctor, Grandma?\" \"I'll let the lady doctor tell you,\" turning his head slightly to wink at Catherine. \"Michael, I think we need to ask your mommy and daddy first. Okay?\" \"Sure, I can wait.\" Jaclyn was smiling and laughing to herself. After helping Catherine out of the car at the front door of the hospital, he kissed her for all to see as they walked by. Catherine laughed as she walked in the door. Catherine decided she needed to tell William before he heard it through the grapevine. She walked to William's office. \"Catherine, How good to see you; did you have a nice Christmas?\" \"The best Christmas in a long time; I recently met a wonderful man who has simply swept me off my feet. We're going to get married soon. You may know him, Robert Woodward.\" \"Woodward Construction Company?\" \"Yes, tell Marina I'll call her soon. I need to make rounds. Bye.\" When she was out of his sight, she let out a deep breath and laughed. In the nursery she checked baby, Marybeth, out of the nursery and wheeled her down the hall. \"Ask them, lady doctor,\" Michael begged. \"Lori, Jeff, your son wants to call me Grandma, is that alright?\" Lori looked at Jaclyn and saw her nod, \"yes, Michael, you may.\" \"Grandma, may I hug you?\" Catherine bent down for a big hug from Michael. \"Robert, will you walk down the hall with me?\" She took his hand. They walked to her office. \"I hope that is okay with you?\" \"Its fine, Grandma.\" Catherine laughed, while beaming with happiness. \"I wanted to tell you, I told William about us; he's the Chief of Pediatrics. He and Marina are also good friends; I just thought he should hear from me and not the grapevine; which by the way we just fired up.\" Robert noticed the office had no windows; he held her close and gave her a sweet passionate kiss. At lunch time, they went to the courthouse to apply for a marriage license and then to the coffee shop for a quick lunch. Before Lori and the baby went home on December 27th, they were married in the small chapel at the hospital; a simple but meaningful ceremony. Each spoke vows from their hearts and pledged themselves to one another forever. New rings replaced those given by lovers who had passed; each was ready for a new beginning.[Chapter 7] WEDDING NIGHT They returned to their special place, the cabin. Robert took her in his arms. \"Are you a little nervous?\" Almost laughing, Catherine answered, \"It seems that way, sort of funny for two people in their fifties. I guess it's because it's been awhile for both of us.\" Robert kissed her, \"We'll take our time Catherine; savoring each kiss and every touch. Why don't you find some music? I'll fix the bed.\" Catherine looked through the stack of records the previous owner had left behind. She found one of her old favorites, All Sinatra. \"Robert, this is perfect for us.\" Catherine began to sing the title, Strangers in the Night. He made Catherine laugh. \"We didn't exchange glances; we exchanged barbs.\" \"I know; but we soon learned love was just around the corner. And now we are in love forever.\" \"I'll dance to that thought; we are in love forever.\" He took her in his arms; he stroked her neck and back tenderly. Catherine continued to sing phrases from the song. Robert started to kiss her gently and softly; all over her face and neck. Soon she could barely get her breath; no music came out. \"I want to undress you, one piece of clothing at a time.\" \"Oh, Robert, how sweet, I think you need to get more comfortable too. Let me help you with your sweater.\" Dancing together made them relax and appreciate their time together. As their kisses and their touching became more intimate, they lay down beside each other; capturing the intimacy of the moment. \"Catherine, thank you for becoming my wife; I never thought I would be blessed with the love of a woman again.\" \"It's the same for me, Robert.\" Snuggling as close as possible, they talked late into the night. Passionate kisses led to fulfillment once again; and to sleep that was awakened only by the sun shinning in through the porch windows. The next few days were the most wonderful honeymoon days either could have ever imagined. They didn't need some fancy honeymoon suite; all they needed was each other.[Chapter 8] HONEYMOON AT THE CABIN They didn't plan a normal honeymoon, but nothing about their relationship had been normal; an accidental meeting, dinner and movie dates, a medical emergency and then confessing their love culminating with a simple but meaningful wedding. And so Catherine's story of Charlie and Robin was the one they would follow; they would light 1000 candles (really about 10), play Scrabble between eating and making love. They didn't really care where they were, as long as they were together. The previous owners must have had grandkids. They found a cupboard full of games; card games, chess and checkers, poker chips and even Monopoly. Over the next six days they played them all; never caring who won or loss; except Scrabble. That game was competitive; Robert called her a smarty pants because she won so many games. They played outside in the snow; walking the path they traveled on Thanksgiving. And they loved; sharing many spontaneous intimate moments. They left the cabin only twice; once to get more clothes from the respective houses and to buy groceries. The other was New Year's Day when they went to have dinner with the family. On New Year's Eve they stayed up to enjoy a glass of Champaign and watch the ball drop in Times Square. The next day at dinner, Jeff spoke; \"I'd like to purpose a toast. A thankful toast: to Catherine whose wisdom brought Marybeth safely to us and to Dad who brought us all happiness by taking a chance on love again.\" Then looking at Jaclyn; \"and to future love; Happy New Year every one.\" Raising their glasses; \"here, here,\" they said in unison. Everyone was touched by their love. Lori and Jeff found the courage to really talk to each other; not accuse or point blame. With the help of a priest they re-established their marriage; renewing their vows during a private family ceremony. Jaclyn and Brock were engaged and planning a May wedding.[Chapter 9] BACK TO WORK TWO Catherine woke up before the alarm went off. She moved closer to Robert; draped her arm over his body and rested her head on his chest. She softly called his name, \"Robert.\" \"Hmmm.\" \"Wake up, sweetheart.\" She scooted closer to his face. \"I want you to love me.\" He embraced her with a long loving kiss. Although not as slow as usual, the love they made was as tender and enduring. As he held her, \"Catherine, I am so blessed, you are so special. What a wonderful way to start the day.\" \"I think so too, I love you.\" They laid there until the alarm went off. Robert drove to the front door and got out. As she turned to get out, he told her, \"You're beautiful this morning, in fact you're glowing. People are going to be turning their heads,\" She laughed, \"I hope so.\" He gave her a sweet lingering kiss before he let her go. She turned to him as she went in the door and mouthed the words, I love you. Robert had a surprise for her. She wasn't in her office long when there was a knock at the door. She opened the door to find a delivery man standing there with a big bouquet of flowers. She took them from him and thanked him. Her hands were shaking; she found the small card. \"To the woman who holds the strings to my heart; all my love Robert.\" She took a deep breath, trying to choke back the tears; she had to make rounds soon. She dialed his cell number. Before he could even say hello, he heard a weak, \"thank you Robert, I love you.\" \"I told you, you were special, I want everyone to know. I'm sure your co-workers will see them.\" \"Yes, they will, I'd love to talk but I need to make rounds, see you soon.\" What a wonderful way to start the day. She thought. Robert had parked the car and was walking toward the front door when Catherine spotted him. She ran to him, with her coat undone, putting her arms around him she gave him a long lingering kiss. \"Robert, thank you for the flowers, they're beautiful.\" As they broke away and Robert saw her coat blowing open in the raw wind. He tapped her on the behind, gently. \"Didn't I tell you coats have buttons for a reason?\" He turned her and did up her coat as she smiled. \"Thank you, sweetheart.\" He helped her into the car. She was excited and talkative. \"Robert, I sent off the paper to the state medical board to get my named changed. Dave brought me our marriage license; the board accepted a faxed copy. Tomorrow, I am officially Dr. Catherine Woodward. Also, I need to move into a new office.\" \"A new office Catherine, what does that mean.\" \"Well, William told me that last night the hospital board approved his replacement.\" \"You, Catherine.\" She smiled at him. \"That's wonderful; calls for a celebration. Let's eat at Romero's tonight, okay?\" \"I'd like that.\" Robert parked at the restaurant. He released both seatbelts; slid Catherine to him for a loving kiss. \"That's just one of many tonight, Dr. Woodward. I love you.\" Catherine couldn't wait for the cabin to warm up; it had been so windy all day it was unusually cold. After several minutes she hung her coat and went up to Robert, \"may I take your coat, sir.\" Robert's eyes danced. Catherine was being teasingly seductive; not at all like her. She couldn't help it, Robert has been so loving today she wanted to give back. She came up to him and ran her fingers through his hair; placing sweet kisses everywhere. \"Robert, let me help get you out of this sweater, you have way too much clothing on.\" Robert decided to enjoy her seduction; he was seeing a whole different Catherine. Her hands carefully unbuttoned his flannel shirt; and removed it flirtatiously. Tonight their passion landed them on the sofa; as they were catching their breath Robert moved the wrong way and they fell to the floor. Catherine ended up on top; she folded her hands on his chest and put her chin on them and looked into his sparkling deep brown eyes. All she saw was contentment and love. Her head came down on his chest as she extended her arms around his neck. \"Robert, honey, I'm exhausted.\" \"Catherine, you need to find enough energy so we can get to bed.\" \"I know.\" Taking a deep breath, she rolled off and sat beside him. He let her sit there while he took his turn in the bathroom. When he came out she was resting her head against the sofa half asleep. \"Come on Catherine,\" taking her by the hand, \"I'll help you.\" Smiling, \"thank you Robert, for this and for all your sweetness today, I love you.\" He gave her a quick kiss; helped her with her pajamas; put toothpaste on her toothbrush; \"now you finish up and don't fall asleep on the toilet.\" He quickly pulled open the bed and fixed the blankets. Half asleep she managed to find her way to bed, he tucked in her covers and by the time he walked around to get in she was sound asleep. Even so, he pulled her to him and slept with his arm across her stomach.[Chapter 10] Epilogue Now that Robert and Catherine are happily married and Catherine is the new Chief of Pediatrics, what would you the readers like to read about next? I need comments. Please take the time to leave me a review and suggestions for future stories. Thanks. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own any of these characters, and I don't know who does own them, although the m"},{"Movie":"Country Strong","Title":"Because You Care","Author":"HoldMeThrough","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6857909","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Because You Care Chapter 1: Life is Black I know this is short, but the next chapters will be longer. I hope you like it and please review! I was wearing black, a black dress, black shoes. And I was sick to my stomach, because I was at Kelly's funeral. And when they had placed her casket into the ground, I turned away only to see Beau standing by his truck, looking at me with these sad eyes that you only ever see on Soap Operas. I knew in my heart that I had to go talk to him. I still hadn't answered his question about California, and I knew he was leaving that day. So with the pea sized bit of courage that I had, I solemnly walked over to Beau. \"Hi Beau.\" I said quietly once I was standing in front of him. \"So what's it gonna be Chiles?\" He looked at me with an emotionless face, and I crossed my arms with the tension hanging in the cold air. He was waiting for me to give him an answer, and I sure didn't want to. \"I can't go with you to California.\" I finally whispered as I looked away from his face. \"Yeah, I get it.\" I looked up to see him smirk and start gettin in his truck. \"Wait Beau, it's not what you think I just,\" I paused to find my words as he sat there, halfway in the car, looking at me. \"I just can't do anything else. I don't know how to do anything Beau. The only thing I can do is sing and I can't just drop it now or I'll be doin beauty pageants for the rest of my life.\" \"Your not stupid Chiles, you realize that? Hell, your the smartest person I know.\" \"Stop making fun of me Beau, I'm serious about this.\" I looked at his hard eyes that were now softened just a little. \"I'm not making fun of you. I'm tellin you what you and I already know.\" He climbed back out of the truck and walked right up to me. \"I don't know anything.\" I muttered as our faces were nearly touching. \"Then there's no point.\" At that he turned and got in his truck. As he drove away, I stood there, and watched the only good thing that I had ever had, fade into the distance.[Chapter 2] Because You Care Chapter 2: The Significance of Victoria's Secret Sorry it took me a week to get out the second chapter, I've been really busy. So here it is, and please review! They keep me motivated. I didn't think leaving Beau would be hard, but it was. Two days after the funeral I was on the road again. This time it was with a whole array of new talent. To them I was the experienced one who had already seen some of the lime light. The one who had been previously involved with Beau Hutton, the country god of 2010. But in my eyes I was just a sad girl with no clue as to what real life should be like. On the road the first day I got in the very back of the van and clung to the window. Some girl named Heather sat next to me, and her boyfriend Ray was on the other side. I honestly almost turned to her and asked if she would go away. The last thing I needed was her flaunting her boyfriend in my face. Beau and I never really put any labels on things but still, it hurt. Then as I was leaning closer and closer to the window, she started talking to me. \"So Chiles, is this what it was like on the road with Kelly? I mean did you get this feeling?\" I turned and looked at her smiling, annoying face. \"Yes Heather, this is exactly what it felt like.\" I thought that maybe if I lied, she would stop talking and let me be miserable. But then she started rambling. \"Because I am just so excited and you have no idea what...\" As I listened to her incessant voice, it reminded me a lot of how I acted the first day on Kelly's tour, how I used to act all the time. I guess Beau just took all of my heart to California. Go figure. Then all of the sudden sitting there in van, I started thinking about California and how it was filled with rich beautiful girls, girls who were prettier and smarter than me. Beau could have any of them, and it made me jealous. My mind suddenly went on a rampage about him dating super models and then before I knew it, I opened my mouth. \"What's so special about Victoria's Secret?\" I muttered to my self louder than I thought. \"What are you talking about Chiles?\" Heather stopped mid sentence and looked at me with this worried expression. \"It's,\" I paused and considered telling her about Beau, but then decided it wasn't worth it. \"nothing. Nothing at all.\" When we got to Austin, I was honestly just trying not to wring Heathers neck. It was starting to freak me out because I didn't know why I was acting like this. Well I knew why, but I just didn't want to accept it. I had a reputation of being a 'Country Barbie' as Beau once said, and now I was headed towards washed up country hoe. Not the ideal title for me. By the time we had gotten to the dressing rooms and were preparing for the concert, I was a mess. The last time I had preformed on stage I had beau with me, backstage and onstage. He was a barrier to the nervousness that consumed me every time. Now I was alone and miserable. Worst of all was that they had given me this new song that made me want to puke on the stage. It was all about being sexy and getting a guy drunk from lust. In my opinion I sounded more like Ke$ha than Carrie Underwood. What no one knew was that I had written my own song, and when I got onstage it was that or nothing. There was no way I was singing the words, \"I'll give you what I've got and more, I'm gonna make you fall to the floor beggin please baby I want more\". So once I was dressed I snuck over to my bag and pulled out my lyrics. I had started writing in the van and all of the sudden this song poured onto the paper. It was about Beau of course. And it was honestly something I think he would be proud of if he were. He might even see it since the show was going to be broadcast on live TV. I would probably get fired, but I was going to take my chances. I read over the paper about a hundred times, and then walked back to the dressing room with a little more Chiles than before. I heard them introduce me and instantly my heart stopped. Then I gathered my self together and walked on stage, with the crowds roaring applause filling my ears. I put on one of my many pageant smiles, but instead of walking straight to the mic, I strode towards the instruments and handed the guitar player, Joseph, the chords to my song. \"Play this.\" I whispered before I walked up to the mic. \"How y'all doin tonight?\" I smiled and pulled the mic from the stand. \"I've got a new song that I thought I would sing for you guys. So I hope you like it.\" That's when I signaled to Joseph, and he started playing the soft, slow chords. Then I opened my mouth and sang. I've lived so long, thinking I was fine. But there was a hole in my heart that wasn't alright. I spent forever searching for what fit, But I didn't find it until that night, you sang to me, and made it clear to see, (Chorus) Some things happen that don't work out, then someone comes and they figure them out. They take your heart that's been broken, restore what was lost and now your okay, falling forward because there was someone to catch me. And that someone was you, you pulled me through. I'd never felt love until I saw you. Your voice singing melodies that made me new. Your eyes were as blue as the sky, and I'd never seen anything so bright. My life was empty so long, but you added something real to what I love to do. And it made me love you. When the song was over, my ears were filled with cheers and loud shouts of approval. And all I could think about was how I hoped Beau had been watching.[Chapter 3] Because You Care Chapter 3: Hi I'm Miley, Miley Chiles Stanton Sorry I haven't updated in forever. I got so busy. So here is the new chapter. Enjoy! When I walked off the stage, my new manager was standing there, arms crossed, absolute hate written all over his face. \"What kind of a stunt was that?\" He leaned forward and whispered so loudly and flamboyantly that it was obvious he was gay. I just stopped and started at his face for what seemed like forever. There was no way I was going to say, 'I just had to sing this song for the guy I love'. I wasn't stupid, unlike what some people thought. \"Well?\" His loud whisper once again rang in my ears. \"Well what?\" I was gonna play innocent for as long as I could. \"I don't fall for that dumb crap.\" Yep, definitely gay. \"Alright, Julian.\" \"Are you smart mouthing me?\" He leaned in towards me and yanked on his ascot a little. \"Why would you think that?\" I put my hands on my hips and gave him my bikini smile. He looked at me for a second and then pointed his finger in my face. \"You were supposed to sing the new song.\" \"Well honestly Julian, it's Julian right? Well Julian,\" I was playing this part great. \"Here's the deal, I hate the song. And I don't mean its not my favorite, I mean I hate it. Like bad.\" \"Well too bad for you. You work for me,\" He changed the direction of his finger towards him self. \"you sing what I tell you.\" \"Maybe I don't want to work for you Julian.\" \"Good, because you don't. You're fired.\" \"What?\" But he didn't even respond. He just gave me the hand and walked away. I stood there for a while just staring at where he was. I couldn't believe it. I got fired. Me, miss sunshine goody two shoes. It was a new feeling and I knew that if Beau were here he would have kissed me, told me I was amazing, and then taken me out for a beer at some honkey tonk bar. Man I missed him so bad. That's when it hit me. I now had no job, and he was just a few states away. All I had needed something to give me a sign to just get up off my butt and go to California. This was my sign. I was going. I would tell him I loved him and then I would kiss him for the rest of my life. I was never going to leave him again. I was sitting on the bus to California and was almost asleep when the old lady next to me tapped me on the shoulder. I turned my head and looked at her with my sleepy eyes almost closed. \"Hon, would you switch seats with me?\" She gave me this yellow-toothed grin, and it was like I could see every cigarette she had ever smoked in her life right there on her teeth. \"Not to be rude, but why do you want to switch seats?\" I yawned and rubbed my eyes. \"I want to smoke and I need to stick my cigarette out the window.\" She leaned over to the side and pointed towards the bus driver. \"Plus you know how the po po can be.\" She winked and her purple hair shook. \"The po po?\" I leaned away from her and blinked a little. \"You know, the fuzz.\" She had literally just said the fuzz. I couldn't get past that. \"I don't think the police are going to arrest you for smoking on the bus.\" I tried to coax her with a smile and hoped she would just let me sleep. \"Oh they will, I know.\" She nodded her little head and once again her purple pile shook like crazy. I started to contradict her, but then I thought about how if I saw her purple hair do the wave again I would freakin die. So instead I stood up, picked up my bag and we switched seats. And as I was just about to finally fall asleep, she poked me again. I looked at her and didn't even bother to fake a smile. \"Can I get your autograph? I know you probably get this a lot, but it's not everyday you're on the bus with Miley Cyrus.\" She grinned and held up a pen and paper. \"Right,\" I mumbled then I took the paper and wrote… It was nice to sit by you… Love, Miley Cyrus P.S. My name is Chiles Stanton, I'm a country singer. They called me the next Carrie Underwood. Just incase you were wondering. Then I handed her back the pen and paper and gave her one of my winning smiles.[Chapter 4] Because You Care Chapter 4: Give In To Me It's been so long since I've posted but I am really excited for this chapter. Please review! The old lady was eventually quiet. The sad thing was that it was right when we pulled up to the bus stop. I got off with my one small bag and headed towards the taxis all lined up in a row. I stepped into one of the cabs and handed a slip of paper with the address to Mike's Bar on it. The driver glanced at the paper and then handed it back to me with a smirk. He obviously knew where he was going. It took about twenty-five minutes to get there. And during the ride, all I did was think of beau, hyperventilate because I was so nervous and excited, and then think of beau again. I missed his blue eyes and his deep voice so much. He was the only that mattered to me now. And I was about to go get him back. The taxi pulled up in front of Mike's Bar, and I took a deep breath before getting out and grabbing my bag. I could faintly hear a guitar playing and then suddenly Beaus voice rang through the open windows. A smile instantly hit my lips and I walked up to the door with complete courage. I placed my hand on the rusty old handle and then pushed it open. There was Beau sittin on the stage with his hat on and a guitar in his hand. Just how I had expected to see him. But he did look different. He had shaved his beard, and cut his hair. It didn't even matter to me though. All that mattered was that he was there and I was there, and nothing was going to stand in our way. I stepped into the room and heard a few people whisper as they saw me. Beau glanced up from his guitar and our eyes met. He was smiling instantly and I smiled right back. \"Well, God damn.\" He muttered into the mic as he smiled at me. I just laughed at how amazingly wonderful he was, and kept smiling. He looked to the side and shook his head a little before saying; \"I'd like to bring a friend on stage. A wonderful song writer I met in Nashville.\" I closed my eyes grinned like a moron. \"She just so happens to be here tonight.\" Our eyes met again and I could see everything I had hoped for in his eyes. \"Will you please welcome to the stage Ms. Chiles Stanton.\" I shook my head and walked forward as the crowd clapped and Beau and I stared at each other lovingly. I walked up the steps and onto the stage when he signaled me to sit on his knee. I didn't even hesitate because I had reached a point of not caring what people thought of me. I was gonna love Beau Hutton how I wanted to. End of story. He leaned towards the mic and said, \"This ones called Give in to Me.\" Then he began to play the chords to our song. From then on we just looked at each other and sang. The audience disappeared in my mind, and soon it was just me and Beau up on that stage, singing to each other like the first time all over again. When the song was over Beau looked right at me and said, \"Damn I love you.\" I laughed and murmured, \"I love you too.\" Then he leaned over and kissed me like we had never been apart. I know this one was really short, but this chapter was going to be short anyways. After this chapter it is going to skip ahead about seven months. That's when the real story can begin. Review![Chapter 5] Because You Care Chapter 5: Never Wake A Sleeping Chiles All these reviews give me confidence ad keep me on track with the story, so keep writing them! Seven Months After Chapter 4... I woke up one Tuesday morning to my usual routine. Beau was already gone. He would go to work on the farm as early as six sometimes. One time I tried to get up with him so that I could make him breakfast, but it didn't work out too well for me. I ended up serving him frozen waffles with mustard. But the look on his face was priceless when he came out of the bedroom to see me squirting mustard all over this frozen waffle. I was so sleepy that I even squirted the mustard in the shape of a smiley face. Beau took a picture of me with my waffle later and now he has it set as his picture id for me. So every time I call he can remember to pick up a pizza. I got out of bed and walked over to our closet. His coat was gone. Considering that it was January, it made sense. But I still wished that it was there so that the closet would still smell like his shampoo. But instead of standing there moping, I picked up my fuzzy socks off the floor and put them on my feet before going into the kitchen. Then I looked at the clock as I passed by my bedside table. 8:30. Pretty early for me. But I was wide awake so I wasn't going to dare and go back to sleep. Besides, Beau always made fun of me when he would find fuzz from my socks in the sheets. It was pretty funny waking up and seeing all this pink fuzz in his hair. I would try to justify by telling him that pink really was his color. He never bought it. Instead he would pull me into his arms and kiss me. That was the best part. I finally walked into the kitchen and grabbed an apple from the fruit bowl, and leaned on the counter. Then I glanced down at the ring on my left hand. I still couldn't get over Beau proposing. But we did live together and we loved each other. When he proposed he took me to the beach and we ate waffles, go figure. Then he suddenly pulled out the ring asked me to marry him. Now all I could do was wait for the big day. It would be months before we actually got married, but those months were already going by so quickly. It felt like only yesterday he had proposed when it had already been a month. I was eating my apple, when I looked out the window and saw how blue the sky was. The color was so beautiful that I felt I just had to go outside and see it. The only problem was that it was about 40 degrees out there. But if I had to put a coat on I would. So I put on my yellow fleece and then grabbed a blanket off of the couch. Then I opened the screen door and plopped down on one of the porch chairs. Before I knew it, I was starting to nod off and soon I was sleeping. ... I was dreaming so nicely when all of the sudden something started laughing in my dream. Then it got louder and louder until my eyes snapped open and I saw Beau standing in front of me. That's when I realized I was still on the porch. \"What is so funny, Beau?\" I sat up and slowly rubbed my eyes. \"Nothing.\" He smiled mischievously. \"What?\" I was going to pester him now because he had given me 'that look'. \"You were talking in your sleep.\" \"What did I say?\" My eyes got wide when I thought about all of my future embarrassment. \"Something about how great coats smell.\" He grinned with that sentence and I just flopped back down onto the chair. \"Crap,\" I muttered to my self. \"I think coats smell real nice too.\" \"Stop mocking me Beau.\" I tried to act all cool about it but then I just started smiling. \"Come here.\" I mouthed and motioned towards him with my hand. \"Why?\" He smiled a little and his blue eyes looked so amazing. \"I want to smell your coat.\" He knelt down and I leaned towards him putting my hands on his shoulders. Then I breathed in the sweet smell of his shampoo. After that I looked at him for only a second before kissing him and wrapping my arms around his neck. Beau Hutton, was so easy to love.[Chapter 6] Because You Care Chapter 6: The Question Game Please Review! I know it's short, but still review. The next chapters is going to be long, and have a lot of drama! I was sittin on the yellow couch in the living room, trying to read. Beau was right across from me playing his guitar. His writing phase had come back, and it made my days so much nicer. At this time he was working on a song called Growing Older. I couldn't wait hear it, but I would just have to. \"Beau,\" I set down my Cooking Light magazine that I had been looking through on the coffee table. \"Yeah,\" Beau mumbled with a pick in his mouth. He was in the process of writing down lyrics, so he didn't even bother to look up. \"Do you miss it?\" \"Miss what,\" He continued to write. \"Singing in front of all those people. Having a crowd shout your name, ask for your autograph,\" I turned and looked out the window while I talked. People always did that in dramatic movies, so I thought I might as well do it too. \"I like singing with you just fine.\" I could here the smile in his voice and I turned back around to see that he was looking up from the notebook, at me. \"No, Beau I'm being serious. I want a serious answer from you.\" I smiled back at him and he chuckled. \"Well,\" He looked down at his guitar and then back at me. \"No, I don't miss it.\" \"Why?\" \"Because if I did, we wouldn't be here.\" I smiled at how sweet he was and got up from the couch. Then I waltzed over to him letting my white skirt float around. \"I like that answer.\" I smiled and walked behind him, wrapping my arms around his chest. \"Really,\" He was smiling and then he put a hand on top of mine. \"Yes\" I whispered as I leaned down and kissed his cheek. \"Now it's my turn to ask you a question.\" He took both of my hands and guided me around to the front of him. \"And that is?\" I smiled and squeezed his hands. \"Why do you love me?\" He grinned and I leaned in towards him. \"Because you care. And you love the silly country Barbie that I am.\" I whispered and smiled. Then he put his hand on my neck and kissed me. It wasn't long before I was kissing him back at the same pace. Pretty soon he was standing up and leading me towards the room near the back of the house. I stopped mid makeout and asked him, \"Are you glad you love me?\" \"If I wasn't, I wouldn't be doing this.\" He smiled and then kissed me again. We continued to kiss and walk, and just before I closed the bedroom door he said, \"Damn, I can't wait to marry you.\" I couldn't wait to marry him too. It would just be in a few months, and then I'd be Chiles Hutton. No more Ms. Stanton for me. I was gonna be a Mrs...Mrs. Beau Hutton. I would love Beau Hutton till the day I died, and I knew he would love me back.[Chapter 7] Because You Care Chapter 7: Mama Here is the long awaited drama, and I hope you like it! I'm trying to leave you with material to guess about. That is always a fun thing for me. Oh, and I apologize for how long it has been since I have written. But I'm back! Enjoy :) I couldn't believe it. In exactly three weeks I was gonna marry Beau. I had waited so long for this moment and now it was almost here. Our wedding wasn't going to be the biggest wedding ever. Just a small ceremony at this cute little church that had been there much longer than it should've been. The place was about to fall down, but we didn't care. I sat and thought of all this one morning while watching The Office and eating yogurt. My life had become that simple, but I was completely thrilled about it. Which is weird considering how much I used to hate being nothing. Now nothing was all I wanted, and a life with Beau of course. As for guests, I had really only invited a few friends from home and so had Beau. His mother and father were coming too. Of course, mine weren't. I was at the point where I was ready to forgive them, but I wasn't ready to step back into relationship. Just thinking of parents made me sad. I had held all of my feelings and pain inside for so long, that now there was no more room to store stuff. All the thoughts of my parents were interrupted when I heard Beau come into the room. \"Hey,\" I said, as I turned round. Beau had a towel wrapped around his waist, and his wet hair was dangling in front of his eyes. \"What are you doin?\" He mumbled as he walked over to me. \"Just watching The Office.\" He plopped down on the couch next to me while I talked. \"You don't even like that show.\" \"I know.\" Sometimes I wondered why Beau was so good at making me feel awkward. \"So why are you watching it?\" He wrapped his arm around my shoulders while he talked. \"Cause,\" I was starting to get a little ticked off. Which didn't usually happen to me. But for some reason, I was really mad. \"That's not a good enough answer.\" He was teasing me. I could tell by how he was talking. \"Yes it is. I don't have to tell you anything Beau. So leave me alone, and stop being so annoying.\" I was tired of being teased. I knew it was just a joke, but today just wasn't a day to joke around with me. \"Come on Chiles, I'm just talking.\" He smiled and nudged me on the shoulder, leaning in for a kiss while he talked. \"Yeah, well you should stop.\" I pushed him away lightly and turned my attention towards the TV. \"Come on, what's this about?\" He reached for the remote, and I shrugged away, hiding it under my arm. \"Nothing,\" I slowly turned back and set the remote on my lap. \"Is this about us? What did I do to make you so pissed off?\" Before I could react, he grabbed the remote and turned off the TV. Then he set the remote down on the coffee table. \"Just drop it Beau.\" \"I'm not dropping anything. Now tell me what's going on.\" He grabbed my shoulder and turned my body towards him. However lightly he did it, it still brought back bad memories. \"Fine!\" I shouted at him. \"If you have to know so bad, I'm upset because,\" I had never told Beau about my past, and opening up about it was going to hurt. \"because I don't have anyone. No one. No family to call or invite to my own wedding!\" Beau was staring at me with complete shock. \"I have spent the last twenty three years of my life alone. The truth is, I'm a liar. My parents aren't schoolteachers. They're drug addicts, and dunks, and all they've ever done is abuse me.\" Talking about my life openly for the first time made me sick to my stomach and I suddenly burst into tears as I slumped over on the couch. Instead of asking me questions, or saying anything, Beau just wrapped his arms around me and let me cry into his shoulder. All of my crying left me exhausted, so after Beau left to work, I fell asleep on the couch. I thought taking a nap would be the perfect peace maker I needed, but instead I just started having nightmares. Then all of the sudden I jolted awake from my nightmare. There was a scream just waiting to come out of mouth that I was lucky enough to contain. But just as soon as I had shut up the scream, I felt a knot in my stomach, and I jumped up, running to the bathroom to puke up my guts. After I lost my entire day's meals, I sprawled out on the bathroom floor, and cried, again. What was wrong with me? I didn't do this. This wasn't me. This was an emotionally unstable girl, crying on the bathroom floor. The last time I did this was when my Prom date got drunk and forgot to pick me up. Then my parents got in a drug bust, and the police showed up. So now, here I was reliving my past misery. Only this time, I wasn't in high school, and there weren't any drugs. Instead it was just me and the bathroom floor, crying about stupid things like how much puking sucked. Thinking about it made me sick, and I was ready to wretch again, when I heard the door bell ring. My first thought was, 'crap, now I have to get up'. Then I thought about who on earth would be ringing our door bell. I mean, we had friends, but it wasn't like they just showed up sometimes cause they wanted to chat or something. The last time someone rang the door bell, it was Beau, and he was only doing it because he had forgotten his key. At that moment, my state of mind was not the best, but I still got up and walked out of the bathroom. I was almost to the door when the bell rang again. And then again, and again and again. By the time I got to the door I was so ticked off that I was considering punching the person on the other side in the face. instead, I just opened the door. But I was shocked to see who was standing on the other side. \"Mama?\" I couldn't believe it. There was my mother standing there with this big old red lipsticked smile on her face. \"Chiles! Ugh,\" She ran up to me and threw her arms around my neck. \"sweetie. Look at you.\" She let go of me and stepped back, all while I was trying to regain all sense of sanity that I had. \"What are you doing here?\" I didn't smile at her, or hug her or anything. I just stared, and waited. \"Well, I thought I would surprise you.\" She smiled again, and put her hands on her hips. \"But, but how did you even find me here?\" \"Oh, just a little thing called Google. I heard about your little trip to fame, and saw an article about you saying that you were in California. Now come here and give your mother another hug and let me inside.\" She stretched out her arms and walked towards me. \"No, Mama.\" I stepped back and crossed my arms across my chest. \"Now come on Chiles,\" She kept her arms up and continued to smile, but I cut her off. \"I said no, Mama.\" Instantly, her arms dropped and a frown hit her face. Then I saw her eyes glance over my hand. The instant she saw my ring, her mouth fell open and I could see the shock written on her face. \"What's that? Is that a-\" \"Yes, Mama. I'm getting married.\" \"To who? Do I know this boy?\" She stepped closer to me, I'm sure trying to get into the house. \"No, but I don't think it's your business to ask me about him.\" There were no smiles on my face, especially since I was holding in the urge to puke again. \"Oh yes it is.\" Her face got a little angry, and her voice went down with every word. \"No Mama, actually it's not. I'm not falling in this trap again. You need to go.\" I started to close the door, but she stopped it. \"What are you doing Chiles?\" \"Saying goodbye.\" \"You can't do that! I'm your mother!\" Just hearing her yelling made me cringe. \"Not anymore. I have a new life, and you don't need to be a part of it.\" Then I closed the door in her face, and locked it behind me. A sudden rush of relief and new freedom ran over me as I realized what I had just over come. The only problem was that I knew she would be back, but I would have Beau by my side, and he's all I needed. The truth was that in reality, I did love my mother, and I missed her too, but she had caused me enough pain. It was time for me to be strong, and move on. So that's what I was gonna do.[Chapter 8] Because You Care Chapter 8: Pretty Damn Good Review! Sorry I haven't posted in weeks. I got really busy with life, so I haven't had anytime to write. This chapter is going to bring something that you may not like, if you would rather me change the chapter, tell me and I will. If you like where it's going, please still tell me! The day after my mother had come, I was doing probably the most boring thing ever. Which was vacuuming the house, because it was my once a week cleaning day. Living with Beau had taught me that dirt could find ways to get inside, and that by the weekend we'd be living in piles of it if I didn't vacuum while he was gone. Of course, he would come back to the house after working on the ranch and the dirt would always come with him. Still, enough was enough, and I was not going to let dirt control me. It was while I was vacuuming, that he came home. Right when he opened the door I instantly thought to my self, great there goes all my hard work. \"Hey,\" He smiled at me, and I flipped off the vacuum. But I didn't ever respond because the instant my mouth opened, my stomach flipped and I ended up running to the bathroom and puking again. After I puked up my entire stomach, I sat back and wiped my mouth with the back of my hand. Then Beau walked in behind me. I didn't want him to see me looking all pale and gross, so I tried to cover my face with my hair. \"Damn Chiles, are you okay?\" He got down on his knees and moved the hair out of my face. \"No,\" I mumbled as I leaned into his arms. \"What's wrong?\" \"I puke…a lot. Like every single day, and all I ever do now is get emotional. I mean how many times can I loose it in a day?\" Beau was staring at me after I finished my meltdown. \"What?\" I asked, staring back at him. \"You're loosing it again.\" He squeezed my shoulder, and I leaned into his arms. \"I need to tell you something.\" I sighed. \"I'm all ears.\" He whispered as he kissed my forehead. \"My Mom was here yesterday.\" \"Wait,\" He looked down into my eyes. \"I thought you said she was in jail?\" \"She was.\" Too bad she wasn't. She was like a little hamster that isn't tolerable unless it's in a cage. \"What did she want?\" \"Money I guess. I don't know. But she'll be back, and I don't know what to do.\" I started crying because if it wasn't already obvious I was once again emotionally unstable. \"No one does.\" He whispered. \"That really sucks.\" I said sarcastically. \"I know.\" Beau was so sweet to me, and I was being all emotional and rude. Which made me feel kind of bad. I thought that I should apologize for my…meltdown, so I did. \"I'm sorry.\" \"For what?\" He laughed a little and I looked up so that I could see him. \"For having hormones.\" After I closed my mouth, he chuckled and I leaned my head on his shoulder. It really was weird though. It was like my hormones were all coming together at one time. This never happened to me before. I mean when I got my lovely gift from Mother Nature, I never got grumpy. Then again, I hadn't gotten that gift yet and it was due three weeks ago. Then it hit me, and my brain started going crazy. I think Beau could tell that I was panicking, because he looked down at me and asked, \"Chiles, what's wrong? You're shaking.\" \"I'm just thinking, that's all.\" I muttered as I started thinking through the facts. \"About what? Because you're freaking me out.\" \"Would you say that I've been a little more emotional then usual?\" I turned my head towards him slowly. \"Should I say yes?\" Beau looked at me like he was genuinely afraid to say anything. So I gave him 'the look'. \"Yes. Why?\" He responded before I could say anything. \"I think,\" I paused and turned away from Beau. I don't know what I was thinking, or doing, but I was about to stop thinking about it pretty soon. \"I think,\" I started again. \"that I'm,\" I paused again and took a gigantic breath. \"well…pregnant.\" Beau started at my face for a second before stuttering, \"What?\" \"I said I think I'm pregnant. I've already missed my period and all I do is puke. Plus I'm as emotional as a thirteen year old girl.\" I was rambling which only happens when I get nervous. \"Your sure?\" \"Pretty sure.\" I looked at him nervously and then he did something I didn't expect. He smiled this huge grin and wrapped me up in his arms. \"Does this mean you're excited?\" I asked, smiling up at him and holding in a giggle. \"What does it look like?\" Beau smiled again and then kissed me. \"I get to marry you and have a kid. Sounds pretty damn good to me.\" He hugged me again and then we started making out on the couch. Maybe this wasn't going to be so bad. Yeah, actually it sounded really exciting. I was going to be a mother. I was a mother, maybe. I still had to take the test, but I was guessing that it was pretty much figured out. And for some reason, that made me happy as could be. I guess it was because this was my chance to make up for my hellish childhood, and give my own child, the best life they could ever have. Plus, I had Beau, and he was going to be the best dad. I just knew it. ","Summary":" Because You Care Chapter 1: Life is Black I know this is short, but the next chapters will be longe"},{"Movie":"Penelope","Title":"Penelope Diary, Just Like Princess Story","Author":"Bonbon6206","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9952521","Passage":"[Chapter 1] HII GUYS :D GUESS WHO DECIDED TO WRITE A NEW FANFIC... EVEN THOUGH SHE HASN'T EVEN FINISH THE FIRST ONE xD I AM WORKING ON IT PROMISE :D ANYWAY THIS ACTUALLY ALL MINE :P SO HOPE YOU LIKE IT :D Disclaimer: I Actually Own The Story Its been four long and interesting years, since I moved to Hawaii. My life has changed so much, I may still be the same red headed Latina girl from the outside but I can officially say I am not the same spoiled brat that I was four years ago. This past few years have been an adventure, that I don't regret having. So many things have changed me, better yet said people had changed, especially a certain blonde boy. I am guessing your lost and think I am crazy. Your probably right, I am crazy, but I have my reasons. Sorry I am bragging again, I would stop, but the whole reason I am here is too tell you my story. Lost? Don't worry I will explain everything here. This is my story. My name is Penelope Ann Gray, I come from a small village name Jasonville, where about less then a thousand people live. I have six siblings, three boys, and three girls. Daniel, Lucy, Jessica, Mike, Angelica, Joe their ages are 15,13,12,12,10,5, respectfully. I am 17 years old , as you can see I am the oldest. I love dancing, drawing, listening to music, going on long walks, and writing. Even though music is my life I am not a really good singer, well at least that's what my dad tells me. My favorite color is red, but I love bright colors. I am not a tom boy or girly girl, I am in between. I am medium size, 5'6 to be exact, I am white, vanilla color, have hazel eyes and long wavy red hair, yes its natural. I graduated three months ago from high school, top ten of my class. We were only 70 seniors and only 50 graduated, that's the new highest record of students graduating. Anyway, today is the last day of summer, well at least for me it is. For the rest their summer will probably last forever. I have spend all my day saying goodbye to my friends, and everyone in the village. The day is ending, I can see the stars appearing in the amazing sky and I am not even done packing. My mom and dad are arguing about who is gonna take me to the airport tomorrow. While my siblings are fighting over who getting my room. I on the other hand, can't stop thinking about Hawaii. I have never been so exited about anything other this. For the first time in my 17 years I am finally seeing the ocean. The house is full of noise and people arguing, but all I can think about is Hawaii. I am not gonna lie though the yelling is getting on my nerves. \" Penelope!\" Joe came running into my room breathless. \" Can you tell Danny! That I am getting your room?\" he added jumping into my arms. Even though I had a big sign outside my bedroom saying \" Do Not Enter\" in red and purples letters, it never seemed stopped anyone from coming in. \" You little...\" Danny starting yelling coming into my room right behind Joe. \" Ahh Penelope... hide me!\" Joe yelled hiding his face in my chest. \" Hey!\" I yelled. \" I am not leaving yet... I have one more night left... this is still my room!\" I said laughing throwing Joe to my bed. \" For now...\" Danny said laughing. \" Oh yeah... Joe?\" I said evilly. \" Yeah!\" Joe yelled happily, jumping on my bed. \" You should start packing, you know to move in into your new room.\" I said smiling evilly. \" What?!\" Danny and Joe yelled \" You mean it?!\" Joe said happily jumping. \" Heck ya!\" I said laughing. \"Now go!\" I added pushing him down my bed. \" Traitor...\" Danny said walking out of my room. \" I love you too bro...\" I said smiling and jump on my bed. \" Just one more night... one more night...\" I said hugging my teddy bear. It was seven in the afternoon, my luggage is not even half done, but I was half sleep bored out of my mind. \" Penelope, you have a visitor!\" My mom yelled from the kitchen. \" Huh? Ouch...\" I said falling of my bed. \" Coming!\" I yelled running out of my room. \" Who is it?\" I ask exited going into the kitchen. \" A certain tall handsome boy.\" My mom said winking at me and pointed to the window. \"Max...\" I said softly. \" Well for being your boyfriend, you don't seem to happy to see him...\" My mom said confused. \" I am! Is just that...\" I said trying to explain myself. \" I know... its complicated...\" My mom said smiling. \" Now go... he is waiting.\" she said making me hand signals to leave. \"Right...\" I said annoyed and walked to the door. Suddenly I saw Jessica and Joe pass by, I knew that the would help me, or so I thought. \"Jess! Joe!\" I yelled walking towards them. \" What's up?\" they both said. \" Look who just came?\" I said smiling and pointed to the window. \" Huh... who?\" Joe said exited. \" Oh... Max...\" Jessica said annoyed. \" We are not helping you...\"Jessica said. \"But... but...\"I said trying to convince them. \" Sorry Penelope... your on your own...\" Joe said smiling and went upstairs. \" I wasn't gonna ask for your help anyway!\" I yelled and walked outside angrily. Max is six feet tall, he is very muscular and skinny, he has brown sort of spiky hair, and black big eyes any girl will melt in. He graduate number one in the class 2013 and he plays football, quarterback to be exact. You probably think I am crazy for trying to hide from my amazing boyfriend. The problem is he is not my boyfriend, I mean he is, but not my official boyfriend. We are technically in open relationship, he never asked me to be his girlfriend. Max and I know each other since we were babies, we treat each other more like brother and sister than boyfriend and girlfriend. Now that I am going to Hawaii, I really don't know what's gonna happen with this \"relationship.\" \" Max.\" I said walking towards him, bravely holding myself up and break up with him once in for all. \" Hey. Ann.\" Max said smiling, trying to upset me. \" Ugh\" I said hitting him. \" My name is Penelope.\" I said annoyed and then laughed. \" I know... I just wanted to say once last time...\" He said smiling. \" Sorry Ann.\" He said winking at me. \" Very Funny.\" I said laughing. \" Anyway... what are you doing here?\" I asked softly. \" Are you serious? Your leaving to Hawaii for tomorrow for who knows how long and your asking that?\" Max said shocked. \" Were you even planning to say goodbye to me?\" He added a little hurt. \" Ummm... of course I was... \" I said quietly.\" I was on my way.\" I added nervously. \" Don't lie Ann... you weren't... I know I wouldn't...\" Max said hurt. \"Fine... I wasn't... I just didn't know how to do it. I mean I knew we had to decided what was gonna happen with us! I mean a long distance relationship? We don't even have a real relationship.\" I said confused. \" Good. We are on the same page.\" Max said with his serious face. \" I got scholarship to go to Harvard.\"He said rapidly. \" Wait what?\" I said shocked. \" Since when?\" I asked. \" Since before we graduated...\" He said softly. \" You idiot! You had all this time to tell me and you didn't!\" I said hitting him with all the force I had. \" Hey! Hey! Watch it! Not the face!\" He said selfishly. \" Fine...\" I said kicking him on his right knee. \" Hey! That hurt.\" He yelled. \" So what now?\" I asked angrily. \" Looked, the only things I care about right now is Football and becoming the best Lawyer in the whole world... and well your not really on my list...\" Max said. \" Wait your breaking up with me?\" I said shocked. \" Yeah... I guess I am.\" Max said. \" Look I am sorry... I just...\"He started saying. \" Max... I don't wanna hear it. Its over I get it. I'll get over it.\" I said getting close to him. \" Good luck in Harvard. I know you will do just great.\" I said giving a kiss in the cheek. I quietly turn around and walked back inside. I got to the door waving my last goodbye, but Max didn't seem to notice he was in shock, and I went back inside. \" Well she took it very well...\" Max said shocked. As I went inside my whole family was in the stair way, ready for the gossip. Man they seemed desperate. Before they would say anything I decided to speak. \" Its over. He broke up with me.\" I said softly. \"Awe. Sweetie I am so sorry.\" My mom said hugging me. \" That jerk...\"Joe and Daniel said at the same time with a fist. \" What? Sorry? This is the best news ever!\" I said smiling. \" Huh?\" They all said. \" Its over! Finally!\" I said smiling and walked to my room. \" We have some strange child...\" My dad said taking a sip of his coffee. \" I heard that!\" I yelled and closed my door loudly. \" Tomorrow. Hawaii. Best day ever.\" I said smiling getting in to my bed. \"Goodnight.\" I added turning to my right side and felt sleep. \" Penelope! Penelope! Wake up! Its getting late!\" I heard Joe and felt him jump on top of me. \" I am up! I am up!\" I yelled falling from my bed again. \" Ouch... I seriously need to stop doing that...\"I said trying to stand up. \" Sweetie. Hurry its time.\" My mom said smiling. \" Yeah... I am going...\" I looked around my whole room and walked to the window. \"Today is the day.\" I said smiling and open the curtains. \" Let the sun shine on me!\" I yelled and ran downstairs. \" Okay everyone! Get in the car!\" My dad yelled. \"Penelope. Do you have everything?\" He added. \" Yes. Everything.\" I said smiling. \" Toothbrush?\" he asked. \" Check.\" I said. \" Clothes?\" he asked. \" Check.\" I repeated \"Laptop?\" He asked. \" Check. Wait I don't have a laptop...\" I said. \" Huh? Really? Then what is this?\" My dad said while holding a colorful laptop in his arms. \" O my! Dad this is amazing! Thank you so much!\" I said hugging him. \" Anything for my baby girl!\" My dad said smiling. \" Hey!\" Jessica, Lucy, and Angelica yelled. \" Come one lets go!\" My mom yelled. Everyone rapidly ran into the van again. \" Seatbelts everyone?\" My dad asked. \" Check!\" We all said. The airport was like an hour away form Jasonville, but we got in there right in time. It was so full, I had never in a million years seen so many people in one place. Not even in church, and Jasonville only has on church. It was so exited. I could feel my heart pumping faster than ever. \" Passengers heading to Hawaii please walk to the gates.\" A voice said. \" Okay everyone its time to say good bye to Penelope.\" My mom said in tears. \" Me first!\" Joe yelled. \" Penelope I am gonna miss you so much! Please come back soon!\" He added and gave me a hug. I hugged him back and whispered to him \" I will.\" \" I am gonna miss your dork!\" Daniel said holding his tears and hugged me. \" Have fun in your new room...\" I said smiling and winked at him and then at Joe. \" Five minutes for Passengers to get on the plane for Hawaii\" the voice said again. \" Okay guys! Hurry!\" My dad said. Angelica, Lucy, Jessica, and Mike didn't say anything and just ran to hug me. Lastly my mom walked towards me \" My little Penelope... you grew so fast. You have no idea how proud you make me. Be the best you can be.\" She said In tears touched my hair and hugged me tightly. \" I am gonna miss you so much mom.\" I said in tears and hugged back. My dad didn't really walked to me, I had to walked to him. \" I am gonna miss you daddy.\" I said holding my tears. \" I am gonna miss you too baby girl!\" He said giving me a signal to go. I shook my head and ran to the gate. \" Ticket please?\" A lady asked. \" Huh?\" Oh yeah... here.\" I said cleaning my tears away and gave her the ticket. \" You may pass.\" The lady said letting me pass, and close the gate, walking right behind me. \" Your sitting number is 69. Take a seat.\" The lady said walking me to the seat. \" Thank You.\" I said softly. I sat next to the window, I really wanted to see the view. I have never been out of Jasonville. I was so exited but yet I felt like something was wrong. It was to late to back out. \"Attention passengers, please buckle up, we are ready to go.\" A voice said. I buckled up and open the window feeling this nasty feeling in my stomach. Nervous? Probably. I just hated the feeling. \"Do you need anything?\" A lady asked. \" Huh? No thank you.\" I said smiling and the lady walked away. The plane started moving, that feeling got worst. I literally wanted to yelled and get out, but at the same time I didn't want to. \"Hawaii, get ready. Little Penelope is coming to town.\" I whispered and smiled softly. OKAY SO HOW WAS THAT? GOOD? BAD? OKAY? HORRIBLE? SPEAK! REVIEW! PLEASE :O JUST SO YOU KNOW I MADE UP JASONVILLE. BUT THE UNIVERSITY IN HAWAII IS REAL! GOOGLE NEVER LIES! :D OKAY MAYBE IT DOES xD ANYWAY PLEASE REVIEW :D THANK YOU :D PEACE OUT :D PS: THE NUMBER 69 IS BECAUSE THATS THE NUMBER OF PEOPLE ROSS LYNCH FOLLOWS ON TWITTER :D OPPS :p[Chapter 2] OKAY I HAVE TO MAKE PEOPLE START READING THIS AHA. OKAY ENJOY THE STORY :D Disclaimer: I Actually Own This The trip to Hawaii, was long and boring, I had nothing do and my IPod soon ran out of battery. Yes Jason was 6 hours away from Hawaii by plane. It had been four hours since the plane had left Jasonville, my body was trembling of fear but at the same time happiness. I closed my trying to imagine Hawaii. I saw myself jumping into the waves, with a lot of friends. In my mind Hawaii was my paradise, green all over the place and surrounded by the ocean. I was sitting all alone, the plane was pretty empty, only like 20 people were on it including myself. I tried to catch up on my sleep, I knew that I wasn't going to be able to sleep as much as I did before, but a strange old lady suddenly sat next to me. She was wearing a black dress with pink small flowers and a black robe over her, covering every part of her hair. \" Hi there dear.\" The lady said, I quickly opened my eyes and turn towards her, noticing her big smile. \" Hi.\" I said a little freaked out. \" Martha. You can call me Martha.\" The lady said smiling anxiously and got a hold of my hand. \" Well then. Hi Martha. How may I help you?\" I said smiling and rapidly took my hand of hers. \" Well, when I saw you get on the plane, you reminded me a lot of myself when I your age.\" Martha said smiling. \" I reminded you of yourself?\" I said a little confused. \" Let me guess, your going to college?\" Martha asked smiling. \" Yeah... How did you...\" I said shocked. \" I went to college in Hawaii too!\" Martha said happily and got my hand again. \" I was wondering, if you would let me read your hand.\" Martha said getting my hand rapidly making me squeak a little. \" Read my hand?\" I asked confused. \" Yes. It won't take long, I promise.\" Martha said anxiously. \" Sure.\" I said nervously opening my hand. \" Now... when I start this, there is no way back. Do you understand?\" Martha said smiling, I shook my head making her a signal to start. Once Martha faced my hand, her smile dropped. \" What is it?\" I asked a little scared. \" Am I gonna die?\" I said softly. \"No not you dear...\" Martha said softly and kept reading my hand. \" Not me? Than who?\" I said shocking on my words. \" A love one dear...\" She said biting her lips. \" really close love one.\" She added. I said nothing, I wasn't able to speak, my whole body just froze. Someone was gonna die. \" True love...\" Martha said and her smile re-appeared. \" You will soon be together. Very soon.\" she said smiling. True love. What is true love? I spend all my life with a guy that didn't even love me, and I didn't love him back. I honestly never believed in true love. The only thing I cared about was my studies and becoming the best Forensic Scientist in the world. \"Attention passengers, we have arrived to our destination. Please remain calm and prepare yourself to evacuate the plane.\" A voice said. \" We need to finish this fast.\" Martha said still holding my hand. I quickly closed my hands, and pull it towards me. \" This is nonsense! I am sorry, but I don't believe anything your saying.\" I said frustrated and felt my cheeks turn red. \" We must finish this.\" Martha said with a really serious face. \" You must stop this.\" I said turning to window. \" Leave me alone.\" I said brutally. \" You will regret this. Please let me finish.\" Martha said pulling my hand towards her and tried to open it. \" No!\" I yelled and brutally pulled my hand back, as turn to her, I realized my seat was empty. Everyone on the plane was staring at me like if I was crazy. I tried to find her in the seats, but she was no where to be seen. \" Are you okay?\" A lady asked a little worried. \"I just need to find the old lady that was sitting next to me.\" I said a little guilty. \"I am sorry darling, there was no old lady sitting next to you. You must of been dreaming.\" The lady looked at me worried and touched my forehead. \" Attention passengers, we have landed safely, please prepared yourself with all your stuff.\" The voice said again. I quickly gather my stuffed and ran to the door. I waited outside for everyone to get out. Martha never came out. The last person off the plane was the pilot and closed the plane door with lock. \" Excuse me Sr.\" I said running behind him. \" Yes kid?\" The pilot said impolitely. \" You have to open the door, there is still an old lady in there!\" I said frustrated. \" I am sorry kid, we checked the plane already twice. There is no one in there.\" The pilot said and walked off. \" The bathroom. She is probably there.\" I said pulling the pilot hands. \" There is no one in there!\" The pilot yelled and push me to the ground. \"Ugh!\" I yelled frustrated. It was like Martha eaten my Earth. I walked to the front of the airport. Gate G7, to be exact. There was more people in this airport, than in the Jasonville airport and Jasonville itself. I saw everyone hugged there loves ones, and I was just standing there. \" Mom!\" A girl about my age yelled. \" Great. Now I miss my mom.\" I whispered, when I suddenly heard a old man yelled my name. \"Penelope!\" A old man yelled. I ran to him, I bumped into so many people, I wanted to hug him. I wasn't alone anymore. \" That's me!\" I said happily. \" Madame. Your ride is ready.\" The old man said getting my luggage and showed me to the car. I sat in the car quietly, I didn't even wanna move. The old man was really quiet as well. He said nothing, but he did open the window so I could see the wonderful view. \" This is beautiful!\" I yelled smiling. \" Just wait till we get to the campus.\" He said smiling and went back to not talking. \" Welcome to The University Of Hawaii at Hilo.\" A lady said smiling, while I opened the door of the car. The campus was as beautiful as I expected, I had never in my life seen so many green grass. I was shocked, and I could feel the tears running down my cheeks. \"Thank you.\" I said softly and before I turn around to thank the old man he was long gone. \" What's with everyone disappearing today.\" I whispered. \"Excuse me?\" The lady asked. \" Oh sorry Madame, I was talking to myself.\" I said walking towards her. \" Call me Ms. Hale.\" The lady said respectfully. \" Nice to meet you Ms. Hale, I am Penelope.\" I said smiling. \" Well Penelope, nice to meet you. I would love to stay and chat, but I have 10,000 more students to greet.\" Ms. Hale said thoughtfully and looked into some papers. \" Your dorm room is number 69 at Hale ʻIkena building, go and meet your roommates.\" She said sarcastically and pointed to the room. She passed through me, forcing a smile, gave me a small squeak and pushed me to the side and walked away. I stood there, looking at the building, it was so huge, it was at least three size as big than my highschool back at Jasonville. I quickly gathered my stuff and walked to 'Ikena. Entering the building, my mouth dropped. It was a mess, students walking up and down the building, talking about nonsense. I couldnt pass through, the elavators was full and, the stairs were as croweded. This was gonna be a long day. \"Excuse me...\" I said softly walking through the crowd. I made a step into the first few stairs. \" I made it...\" I whispered to myself and smiled softly. All of the sudden a blonde guy came running down yelling \"Excuse me!\" I felt his shoulder touched mine, and sunddenly I was over heels falling back. I tried to hold myself from someones hand, but the quickly let go. I was going down. \"Ahhh!\" I yelled closing my eyes, not wanting to see my end. \" Got'cha!\" I heard a boy voice, I opened my eyes slowly, seeing myself in the arms of a burnnet boy about 6 feet tall, with brown eyes, and really big smile. \" Huh? Let me down!\" I quickly snapped out of my daydream and yelled brutally. \" Okay. Okay! There. Your down.\" He said while putting me down and giiggled. \" Thank you.\" I said softly and gathered all my stuff. I started to walk to the stairs again, ignoring one of the hottest guys I have ever seen. \" My name is Angel\" He yelled, I could feel his smile on my back. \" Whats yours?\" He asked still standing in the same spot. \"Penelope.\" I said smiling, i couldn't help but blush. I gathered my stuff once again and walked up the stairs. Angel just stood there, like a creepy stalker. I walked around the hall looking for my dormroom, this was quiet a long hall, but it was beautiful. \"Room 69.\" I whispered to myself looking to every dorm room number. \" Aha found it!\" I yelled and jump of eximent. This was the moment where my whole life was gonna change. I opened the door slowly, I couldn't bellieve this was gonna be dorm room. As I entered the room, I saw the room was more like an aparment. It was nothing like I expected it to be. No one seemed to be home. \" Hello? Anyone here?\" I asked in a high tone, when I suddenly saw a group of girls hiding behind a wall. \"I see you...\" I said softly walking towards the girls. \" We see you too!\" One of the girls came running to me. She was 5'6 tall, had balck bold hair, with blue eyes. She was wearing pink shorts with a blue blouse and pink sandals. Her smile was soft, and you could see her dimples from a mile away. \"Hi. My name is Skylar Lynn Vaters.\"She said smiling and got closer to me. \"Hi. I am Penelope Ann Gray.\" I said softly and walked closer to her. \" I am Jayla Kai Hiddenspark.\" Another girl said hidding behind Skylar. Jayla had long curly hair, and was really white. Her eyes as black the sky at night. She was wearing orange pants, with a red shirt with black circles, and red sandals. \" Hi, Jayla. I love your hair!\" I said smiling and walked to her slowly. She steeped back really fast, as soon as I saw her I stopped. \" I am Lily Siah.\" A girl came out from one of the rooms. She had orangly hair, she was wearing jeans with a black shirt with bold white letters saying \" Love Movement.\" Her smile was small, and her look seemed evily. She leaned on her right hip with a crazy look. She study me just by looking at me. I stepped back. I felt my feet shake a littlle. Lily walked towards me, my feet locked eachother, I couldn't move. She started to walk around me just looking at me from top to bottom. She got the tip of my hair. \" Man today was a bad day to waer my hair down...\"i thought to myself. \"Penelope Huh?\" Lily said with a strange face. \" Yeah...\" I said. \" Your a strange girl...\" Lily said and walked towards Skylar. \"Me? Strange?\" I mummbled to myself. \"Ignore her!\" Skylar yelled. \" She is a really strange girl!\" she added hugging Lily really tight. \"Touch me again and you will regret it...\" Lily said pushing Skylar away. \" Aha. I am not scared!\" Skylar said laughing and walked towards me. \"Your not scared?\" I whispered to her. \" Nah... she is harmless. There is more dengerous people here! Trust me!\" She said smiling and got me by the arm. \"So... we are roomates!\" She yelled. \"All of us?\" I asked shocked. \" Yes! Well we are missing two more,but they will get here!\" Jayla said softly and walked towards us, as well as Lily. \" So what now...\" I said soflty ignoring the fact that I had to call my parents. \"There is a fair, all around the campus! You guys wanna go?\" Skylar said jumping. \"Sure! That sounds fun!\"Jayla said jumping too and the looked at me with a big smile. There was no way I could say no. \"I'll go. As long as there is food!\" Lily said smiling and walked to her room to get her black sweater. \"Well I guess I will go to...\" I said softly and letting go of my lougage. \"Great! Come on lets go!\" Skylar said pulling me out the door. I wasn't able to control my body. I felt like I was gonna crash into a wall as soon as she would let go of me. \"Wait\" I yelled trying to command my feet to stop. My predictions came true, but I wished I would of crashed into a wall. Skylar all of the sudden froze in the middle of the hallway, throwing me to a crowd of spoil brats. \"Ouch!\" I yelled after I bumped into a blonde curly hair girl, about 3 inches taller than me. \"I am so sorry!\" I said dramatically stepping away from the crowd. \"Watch it loser!\" The girl said at me with her guts almost poping out from her eyes. \" Excuse me?\" I said walking closer to her. \"Do you know who I am?\" The girl said throwing her beautiful hair to her back selffishly. \" No. Do you know who I am?\" I asked straghting my body to be her height. \" Look. I don't have time to be talking to a stupid brat like you. Who ever you are. Stay out of my way.\"The girl said walking towards with all her friends behind her. I literally thought she was gonna punch me but instead she walked to my side and gave me a small push with her shoulder. \"Oh. Hey Isabelle.\" I heard Skylar say softly. \" Bella! Call me Bella!\" The blonde girl yelled dramatically. \" My name is Bella!\"She yelled again, and walked down the stairs. \"You know her?' I asker shocked. \" Who is she?\" i added. \"Her name is Isabelle Jones Wright.\" Skylar said smiling. \"Correction. Her name is Bella!\" Lily said laughing and walked towards us. \"Well thats a really pretty name for a girl as mean as her!\" Jayla said walking behind Lily. \"Whoever she is... she doesnt really like me...\" I said softly. \"Eh...don't worry she doesn't like anybody.\" Skylar said smiling. \"Well are we going to the fair or not?\" Lily asked smiling. \" I am freaking starving!\" She added. We all shooked our heads and walked down the stairs. We talk a little about ourselves and our favorite things. As we were walking around the campus, I remembered that Skylar freaked out earlier in the middle of the hall. I couldn't help but ask, the curiosity was killing me. \" Hey Sky...\" I said softly. \" Yeah?\" She said turning towards me with a big smile. \" Why did you freeze in the middle of the hall?\" I ask curiously. \"Oh... Is just that I saw Kyle...\" She said softly and blushed a little. \"Kyle? Who?\" I asked confused. \"Kyle is my crush from back home. He is the reason why I am here.\"Skylar said softly. \"You followed a guy to college...\"Lily said freaked out. \" Man... thats an obssesion.\" She added. \" I've liked him ever since I can rememeber...\" Skylar said smiling. \" I just couldn't let him go... So I am here. And I am not obssessed. I have a crush.\" Skylar added. \" Kyle... I need to see him!\" I said smiling. \" Kyle... has a stalker...\" Jayla said smiling evily. \"Ah yes Jayla! You read my mind!\" Lily said and high fived Jayla. \" I am not a stalker!\" Skylar argued. \" Sure your not!\" We all said and laughed. \"Hey look we are here!\" Jayla said pointing to the fair. We all stopped walking. I looked around but all I saw were guys in football shirts and cheerleaders. \"This is the so called fair?\" I asked laughing. \" I know right... what is this? I see no food!\" Lily said angrily. \" Well... This is what they meant by fair... Oppsss.\" Skylar said laughing. \"Hey look the cheeleaders are gonna dance.\" Jayla said pointing to them. We all turn rapidly towards them. \" Is that Isabelle?\" I asked shocked. \" Nope. Thats Bella.\"Lily and Jayla said laughing. \" Ready? Okay! \"Yo cheerleaders\" Bella yelled \"SAY WHAT\" The rest of the cheerleaders yelled \"Yo cheerleaders\" Bella yelled \"SAY WHAT\" The cheerleaders yelled again \"shake your bootay\" Bella yelled \"NO WAY\" They yelled again \"shake your bootay!\" Bella yelled \"OK\" the cheerleaders yelled \"JUMP SHAKE YOUR BOOTAY, JUMP JUMP SHAKE YOUR BOOTAY.\" They all jumped and made their signiture pose. \"OMG!' We all said. We were shocked. \" That was horrible!\" Jayla said shocked. \" I second that!\" Skylar and Lily said at the same time. \" This has to bea joker right? Even Jasonville cheerleaders can do better than that!\" I said loudly. Everyone rapidly turn to me, including Isabelle. \"Did i say that super loud?\" I asked softly. \" Yeah.\" The girls shooked their head. \" I am gonna hide myself now...\" I said softly when I heard Isabelle yelled. \" If you think you can do better than this...than come on show us!\" Isabelled yelled walking towards me. \" No thank you.\" I said softly. \" Yeah! Show us! The rest of the cheerleaders yelled too, and all of the sudden everyone was yelling. \" Come on! We are waiting!\" Isabelle yelled. \" Go Penelope... I have your back!\" Skylar said pushing me closer to the crowd. \" Okay here goes nothing...\"I whispered. \"V-I-C-T-O-R-Y Now split the V and dot the I Now rock that C-T-O-R-Y\" I yelled as much as I could, everyone just stared me like if I was an idiot. When I heard Skylar yelled from the back. \"Woohhhh! Go Penelope!\" She kept yelling. Shoot, she said my name. \"P-E-N-E-L-O-P-E Now what does that say?! what does that say?! Pe-Pe-Penelope! Pe-Pe-Penelope!\" I head Skylar yelled. Skylar was so dead. \"P-E-N-E-L-O-P-E Now what does that say?! what does that say?! Pe-Pe-Penelope! Pe-Pe-Penelope!\" All of the sudden everyone started yelling it. My face was red as a tomato. Looking at Isabelle eyes, I knew I was dead. \"Ugh! Idiots!\" Isabelle yelled and ran through the crowd. \"Isabelle wait!\" I yelled running behind her. I needed to make her my friend the last thing I wanted was an enemy. As a ran behind her a football hit me straight in the face. \"AHH!\" I yelled and my world turned black for a second. \"Hey you okay?\" I heard a boy asked. \" Penelope!\" The girls came running to me. \"Are you okay?\" They added. \" Yeah I am okay.\" I said sitting up. \" Phew... I need to get better at my throw.\" The boy said. \"You idiot! You could of killed me!\" I said pushing him. \" Hey! I am sorry!\" The boy argued. \"Penelope right?\" He asked. \" Well duh! Didnt you just here the stupid cheer!\" I said angrily. \" Cheer? What cheer?\" The boy said confused. \"Ugh! Idiot!\" I said standing up and walked away. \" Hey! Wait a minute!\" The boy said holding my arm. \" Whats with you?\" he added. \" I just got hit by football! Because an Idiot doesn't know how to throw it correctly!\" I yelled angrily. \" For your information! I am the new quaterback!\" The boy said smiling. \" What happend to the coach, is he like blind?\" I asked harshly. \"What? Why would he be blind?\" The boy asked confused. \" Whats wrong with you!\" He added freaked out. \" Whats wrong with me? Whats wrong with you?\" I asked annoyed. \"Okay. Lets start I am Jonathan. You are?\" The boy said smiling. \" I am out of here!\" I said walking away. \" Well nice to meet you \" I am out of here\" can't wait to talk to you again!\" The boy yelled and waived good bye. \" Boys are such Idiots.\" I said softly. I looked at my phone silently in my bedroom. \" I wonder whats my family doing right now?\" I asked myself. \"Hey mom, Missing you lots- Little Penelope\" I texted my mom rapidly. It was a matter of minutes before my mom texted me back. \" Missing you too, Te Amo corazon!\" I read silently. \" Love ya too mami.- Little Penelope.\" I texted back. I quietly turn to the window next to my bed and got my little black teddy bear. \" Lulu... I wanna go ...back home.\" I said softly and hugged my teddy bear really tight. I felt tears down my cheeks. \" I wanna go... back home...\" I repeated. The night was beginning and I couldn't fall sleep, I missed my bed and my sibiling noise during dinner. \" \"Hold on, to me as we go As we roll down this unfamiliar road\" I started singing softly with tears in my dropping inside my mouth.\"And although this wave (wave) is stringing us along\" I kept singing softly trying to hold my tears.\"Just know you're not alone\" I sang and hugged Lulu tighter.\"Cause I'm gonna make this place your home\" I whispered slowly. I closed my eyes slowly,wishing to be back home. I saw my mom and Joe together both waiving goodbye to me, the background was white, and a little cloudly. \"No wait! Don't go!\" I yelled. \" Don't leave me!\" I ran towards them. My mom was wearing her favorite white dress with pink flowers, she was smiling softly. Joe was wearing his favorite blue jeans and a white shirt. \"Don't leave me please!\" I yelled. \" We will never leave you.\" My mom said softly. \" Don't forget about us!\" Joe said smiling and hugged mom. \"Wait! Come back!\" I yelled but it was to late they had dissaperead. \"Mom! Joe!\" I yelled, when i realized it was all just a dream. \" It was just a dream... Relax Penelope...\" I said to myself. \" Relax.\" I added. \"4 a.m?\" I whispered. \" Ugh. Go back to sleep!\" I yelled to myself and jump back to my bed. OKAY I KNOW THAT WAS HORRIBLE xD LOL ANYWAY THE CHEERS THING I GOT IT FROM THE INTERNET SOMEWHERE AND THE SONG PENELOPE WAS SINGING IS CALLED HOME FROM PHILLIPS PHILLIPS :D I LOV THE SONG :P ANYWAY PLEASE REVIEW PLESE xD THANKS :P[Chapter 3] Penelope The night was finally over, the sun started to waken up slowly. I could see my curtains get brighten little by little. I was laying in my bed just staring at the ceiling, plain white boring ceiling. Today was the last day of resting before starting school. The last few days were pretty hard, getting use to fact that I was living with five other girls wasn't easy. Everyone in campus stayed in their rooms, decorating their rooms, I on the other hand wasn't able to decorate anything because my roommate hadn't arrive yet or so I thought. I kept looking at the ceiling, I didn't want to get up, I actually didn't want to do anything, I just wanted to be alone. \"What are you looking at?\" Skylar said laying on my bed right next to me. \"When did you get in here? Since when are you here?\" I asked a little freaked out. \"I been here for the past 10 minutes.\" Skylar said smiling and kept looking at the ceiling. \"And you said nothing? You just stayed there!\" I said still freaked out. \"Well you seem pretty concentrated. I wanted to see what you were looking at. But there is nothing there.\" Skylar said pointing to the ceiling. \"Really? There is nothing there?\" I said sarcastically. \"Yes there is nothing there! I see nothing!\" Skylar said smiling. \"Ugh! You idiot!\" I said pushing her off my bed. \"Ouch! Penelope!\" Skylar yelled. \"Your one strange girl!\" I said throwing Lulu at her. \"I am strange? I am not the one who has been in her room for the past 4 days!\" Skylar said throwing Lulu back at me. \"I wasn't feeling good….. But I feel better now!\" I said smiling and sat on my bed. \"Well I am glad, because today we are going out!\" Skylar said smiling. \"To where?\" I ask confused \"Oh please don't tell me…. a Party?\" I added annoyed. \"Party!\" Skylar said jumping on top of me. \"Ahhhh! Get off me!\" I yelled trying to pull her away from me. \"I am not going!\" I yelled. \"Then I won't get off you!\" she said with an evil laugh. \"Say yes!\" she added. \"No!\" I yelled laughing. \"Yes!\" she said holding my hands so I wouldn't push her. \"No!\" I yelled pushing back. \"Ugh Penelope!\" Skylar yelled laughing. \"Um hi…..\" A girl said after opening the door. She had brownish blondish hair, she had really dark brown eyes, and was about 5'5 tall. She was wearing a shirt with a blue platypus, jeans, blue converses and a Pikachu hat. Can you guess who she is? Yes, my roommate. \"Um hi!\" I said pushing Skylar to the floor. \"I think one of the girls said this is my room…\" The girl said shyly. \"Aha. Michelle?\" Skylar said walking towards her. \"Yes. Michelle Grace Delafaille, at your orders.\" She said smiling. \"Perry the platypus shirt, converses, and a Pikachu hat…..umm interesting…\" Skylar said walking around Michelle. \"Ummm…\" Michelle said confused. \"You're different. I like that.\" Skylar said smiling. \"Um thanks!\" Michelle said blushing. \"Well now that you met the weirdness of Skylar…. I am Penelope. Nice to meet you!\" I said smiling and walked towards them. \"Hi Penelope! Nice to meet you too!\" Michelle said smiling. \"Back Home everyone calls me Perry though, I guess you can kind of guess why!\" Michelle said smiling. \"Well then Perry it is!\" I said smiling. \"Perry is such a cute name!\" Skylar said smiling. \"I want to squeeze you to death! Can I?\" Skylar said jumping and hugged Michelle. \"Not unless I can squeeze you to death too!\" Michelle said smiling and gave me a confused looked. \"Aha. Deal!\" Skylar said hugging Michelle harder. \"No one is squeezing anyone to death in my room!\" I said pushing both girls away from each other. Skylar gave the evil party popper eye and left the room. I scoffed, and turn towards Michelle, my new roommate. Michelle stared at me pointlessly, she look at me from head to toes. After staring at me for the longest time she started looking around the room, well the pure white walls. \"Well this is….. Interesting….\" Michelle said and walked near the beds. \"This is my bed and that's yours over there….\" I said pointing to the other corner of the room. \"Great!\" She and walked towards her bed, she put her luggage on the bed and sat in a corner of it. \"Hey I see you like Pokémon!\" I said smiling. \"I do! I am obsessed with it!\" Michelle said smiling and started taking her things out. \"I like Pokémon too, but I don't know much about it!\" I said smiling. \"I can teach you all about it! If you want!\" Michelle said smiling and jumped to her feet. \"Sure I will love that!\" I said smiling. She smiled at me and turned towards the window, she opened the curtains happily and put her Pikachu dolls. \"I should probably do my bed and get ready...\" I said looking at myself at the mirror. \"So that's not what you are wearing today?\" Michelle said relived. \"Aha! No way! I am not going anywhere dress like this!\" I said laughing. I was wearing green shorts, a purple shirt with an elephant, zebra's socks. \"Good.\" Michelle said smiling. \"Hey guys, come on breakfast is ready!\" Lily yelled from the kitchen. \"Coming!\" I said putting my right red converse. \"Come on Perry!\" I said pulling her to the kitchen. \"Breakfast? Who cooked?\" Michelle ask chocked. \"We did!\" Jayla and Lily said smiling and put the plates in the bar. I sat next to Lily and Jayla. Jayla sat facing Michelle which was next to Skylar, whom was facing me. \"Pancakes!\" Skylar yelled happily. \"Dig in!\" Lily yelled and got her fork. \"Well you can't actually dig in, that's for animals.\" Michelle said with a serious face. Lily gave her a weird look, but ignore her and started to eat again. \"Well technically we are animals!\" Skylar said barely able to talk with all the food in her mouths. Michelle didn't say anything she just stared at her food for a while and then started to eat. No one was brave enough to talk. Who could blame them, we were strangers, total opposites. We all kept eating, the food was delicious. At least that's something we all agreed in. We have some pretty awesome chefs in our dorm. I finish my pancakes, and pushed my plate to the side. I turn to Michelle watching she had barely touched her food. Slow eater apparently. \"Michelle are you going to the party?\" I asked softly. \"Party? What Party? No I am not a party girl!\" Michelle said really fast. \"I am not going either.\" Lily said and kept eating. \"Me either.\" Jayla said softly and stood up to get some coffee. \"Oh come on guys! We have to go!\" Skylar yelled. \"I am sorry Sky, but I have never gone to those parties! And I never will!\" Lily said standing up and picked up her plate. \"Jayla?\" Skylar asked. \"I am sorry Skylar.\" Jayla said drinking her coffee. Michelle stared at the floor trying not to make I contact with Skylar. \"Penelope! You have to go! That blonde guy is going!\" Skylar said yelled begging me. \"Blonde guy?\" Everyone turn towards me. \"No way! That jerk! Idiot! I am not going!\" I said standing up. I got my bag and walked to the door. \"Where are you going?\" Michelle asked. \"Taking a walk, be back later.\" I said and closed the door as hard as I could. The day was beautiful, it was really fresh and a little windy. I walked around the campus for a while. It was pretty lonely, I expected to see a lot of the students looking for their class, but besides the trees and plants I was the only living thing outside. I had nothing to do, and I honestly didn't want to go back to my room. I hated drama, and my roommates no offence were kind of weird. I suddenly remembered I hadn't talk to my parents after that terrible nightmare. I wonder if they missed me. I looked for my phone in my bag, the struggles of having so many things in my bag was never being able to find my phone. I stopped for a sec and turn my bag upside down. All my stuff flew to the ground. \"Ugh!\" I yelled realizing my phone wasn't in my bag, but in my shorts pocket. I threw all my stuff bag into my bag quickly before anyone would see me. But then again I was all alone. I started to walk again slowly and started to dial my mom. I needed to hear her voice just to see if she was okay, but no one answered. I then dial my dad, but there was no answer. I decided to dial home, yeah you're probably right that should have been my first option. \"Bueno!\" Joe yelled through the phone. I could imagine him jumping up and down while talking on the phone. \"Hey Joe! Its Penelope!\" I said softly, I felt so happy to hear a recognize voice. \"Annie!\" Joe said super excited. \"When are you coming back?!\" Joe said happily, you could hear his footsteps. \"Soon.\" I said softly. \"Anyway… Is mom there?\" I asked. \"No she is not, she went shopping.\" Joe said happily. \"Is Papi There?\" I asked annoyed. \"No. He is working.\" Joe said and sigh. \"Ummm… Is Danny there?\" I asked desperate. \"Annie, everyone is at school.\" Joe said laughing. \"Why aren't you at school?\" I asked. \"I am sick.\" Joe said in a baby voice. \"Haha. Like always.\" I said laughing. \"No I am sick!\" Joe argued. \"Sure…. If you say so.\" I said sarcastically and kept walking. \"Mami said I was!\" Joe argued back. \"Tell Mami to stop lying.\" I said softly and laughed. \"Look, just tell Mami I called. Okay?\" I said in a serious tone. \"Okay Annie. Bye Love you!\" He said rapidly hanging up. \"Love you too….\" I said softly and threw my phone back into my bag. \"Miss me your boyfriend?\" A heard a voice behind me. \"What? Wait. No.\" I said rapidly turning around. \"Why so nervous?\" A blonde boy said. Yes you read right, a blonde boy. Was he cute? Yes. Sexy? Yes. He walked closer to me, I tried to hold myself from melting but my heart just kept beating faster and faster. But not because I was deadly in love, but because it was the jerk who hit me with the ball the other day. \"Yeah. I miss my boyfriend.\" I said roughly. \"Oh.\" The boy said stopping. \"Nice try though.\" I said laughing and started walking away. \"Wait! Is not what it looks like?\" he said running over to me. \"So that's not one of the stupid football player's lines to get a girl?\" I said sarcastically. \"No. I have a girlfriend.\" He said smiling. \"Great. Now if you excuse me, I have to go.\" I said pushing him to the side. He ran in front making me trip on thin air. \"Here you go…\" He handed me a flier. \"What is this...\"\"It's an invitation to my party tonight. It's mascaraed, so dress nice. Bring your friends, if you have any.\" He said and walked away. I scoffed. Who did thought I was! I loner girl with no friends?! Oh he was dead wrong! I looked at the flier. Fancy? Mascaraed? Oh I am going. I ran back to my dorm. The hall was pretty dead. I decided to take the stairs, the elevators were to slow. \"Skylar! Perry! Lily! Jayla!\" I yelled closing the door harder than I did when I left. \"What?!\" They all yelled back. \"Get ready now! We are going to the party!\" \"What?!\" They all yelled. And Michelle fainted turning red as a tomato. AHA THIS WAS HORRIBLE! UHHH I HAVE THE PERFECT PLAN FOR THE NEXT CHAPTER :P BUT FIRST I HAVE TO DO AN AUSLLY CHAPTER! SO YEAH xD[Chapter 4] Just Like a Princess Story I remember when I was little, my friends and I would ran home after school, we would take off our uniforms and put on our thinker bell pajamas. We would ran down stairs and throw ourselves to the sofa and watch those cheesy princess movies. Where the beautiful girl would find her blue prince in a ballroom and they would dance all night together. We would fan girl about every single detail, we would make up ship names for each couple that only we would understand. Our favorite part was the kiss at the end of the movie, we would yell and jump out of excitement, knowing that they would be together forever. We would talk all day and night about how we would meet our blue prince and how our first kiss would be just as magical as the ones in the movies. Don't judge, we were just little girls, who would have known how complicated being a princess was. I was sitting in the floor right next to my bed watching my closet. I had made a sudden choice of going to the ballroom party and I have completely forgotten the most important piece. What was I going to wear? I was silently freaking out. How dumb was I not to remember that I need to wear a dress to a ballroom. Is not like I could wear my jeans and converse. I could hear the noise outside my room of the girls freaking out too. I wanted to go out and tell them it was all a bad joke. But I could also hear how excited Skylar was. She had been begging me all day to go with her, and now that I had said yes, I did not have the guts to say no again. \"O.M.G! What should I wear!?\" Skylar yelled and ran to her closet. \"No not this! Ewe! Totally not this! Obsoletely not this!\" She yelled throwing bunch of dresses to her bed. I stood there watching how excited she seemed. \"You should wear that one.\" I suddenly heard myself say, pointing at a baby blue dress with small purple pearls around the dress. \"Huh? Which one?\" Skylar said turning around to her bed full of dresses. \"This one!\" I said smiling and getting the dress. \"Wow Skylar you have lots of dresses!\" Jayla said walking in the room. \"I brought them all just in case we went to a party!\" Skylar said smiling. \"Michelle! Lily! You got to watch this!\" I yelled. They both ran in the room and froze when the saw the dresses. \"No way! I am not wearing a dress!\" Michelle yelled. \"Me either!\" Lily said and stepped back. \"Oh come on guys! We have to dress nice, it's a ballroom party!\" Skylar said smiling. She took the blue dress from my hand and started dancing around with it. \"Just imagine guys, we will walk into the party with our amazing dresses and everyone will turn to look at us, the hot guys will be all over us!\" Skylar said romantically dancing all over the room. \"Everyone will look at us?\" Jayla asked shyly. \"Hot guys?\" I asked remembering the jerk who got me in this mess. \"Amazing dresses?!\" Michelle said still seeming a little shocked about the party. \"Yes, Yes, and Yes!\" Skylar said happily and jumped right in front of me. \"So you think I should wear this dress?\" Skylar said holding the blue dress, her smile dropped and she looked at me with a serious frown. \"Totally, Kyle is gonna drop dead!\" I said and winked at her, her smile was back. \"Can I borrow this one?\" Jayla asked holding a yellow dress, cover on top of the breast with gold pearls. \"Totally! You will look beautiful!\" Skylar said smiling. Jayla walked into her room to get ready. One down three to go. \"What about you Lily?\" I asked softly. \"I just need to know one thing…. Will there be food?\" Lily asked seriously. \"Lots of food.\" Skylar said evilly and then laughed \"Ugh. Fine. I want this one.\" Lily said getting a black dress with a little red on top and walked away. \"You're welcome….\" Skylar said softly. Two down, two to go. I stood there watching all the dresses and so did Michelle, I could see she wasn't a dress kind of girl. Maybe she needed some help, but I wasn't good at it either. \"I'll take this one…\"Michelle said softly pointing at a light purple dress. I was shocked the dress seemed so sexy and hot. Sure Michelle was very pretty, but she didn't seemed the kind of girl to wear a dress. \"This one? Are you sure?\" Skylar asked and handed her the dress. \"Yes, I am sure.\" Michelle said and walked away. Three down, one to go. \"I have the perfect dress for you Penelope!\" Skylar said smiling and walked to her closet. \"Aha! Here it is!\" She said smiling and took out a beautiful dress with aqua blue on the bottom then, light purple on top and white for the rest of the dress. \"It's beautiful, are you sure?\" I asked softly. \"I am positive.\" Skylar said smiling. I nodded and then hugged her so tight I could squeeze her to death. I walked into my room, walked to my mirror and stared at it. Tonight was one night I will never forget. Time to party 8D: As we walked to through the campus, the sun was coming down. We could see the stars magically appearing in the sky. The moon was little by little overshadowing the sun with its amazing light. \"Look guys the first star! Make a wish!\" Skylar said smiling and closed her eyes. \"I wish to finally meet my blue prince this night!\" She added and squeezed her eyes harder. \"I wish for lots and lots of food tonight!\" Lily said smiling and closed her eyes. \"I wish for us to have the best night ever!\" Jayla said smiling and hugged Lily. \"I wish…. To survive this night…\" Michelle said softly. Then there was that awkward moment again, everyone turn to me. They really wanted me to wish something. I stood there trying to think of something, but I didn't want anything. They all just kept staring at me. All of the sudden Skylar walked towards me and got my two hands. \"Come on… hold my hands…\" Skylar said smiling and squeeze my hands tighter. \"Breath in…. now out… and closed your eyes.\" She said while doing the same thing. She closed her eyes and kept that smile in her. I had no choice everyone kept staring at me. I breathed in and out and closed my eyes. I had this sudden urge to squeeze Skylar's hands tighter... but I knew I would break her small fingers. \"I wish for a night I would never forget…\" I said softly that the practically Michelle and Skylar were the only ones who heard me. Skylar smiled letting go of my hands and stepped back. \"See that wasn't so bad.\" Skylar said smiling. \"What did she say?\" Jayla asked curious. \"Come on guys… lets go eat!\" Lily said pulling Jayla by her arm and ran off. \"Woah! Lily hold on!\" Jayla yelled trying to stop Lily, but Lily was too strong. \"Hey wait for us!\" The rest of us yelled trying to catch up to them. Lily was wearing her black dress, she was wearing red converse, and she straightened her orangey hair. Jayla was wearing her yellow dress, yellow flats had her hair down with a big yellow bow on the side. Michelle was wearing her hot purple dress, with medium gold heels, and her blonde hair curl. I was wearing my rainbow dress, with white flats, my red headed hair was half curl. Skylar was wearing her blue dress, she had blue heels and blonde hair. Yes she has black hair but she decided she would wear a wig. Why? You'll see. \"Hey there girls! Welcome to Bella's Mascaraed Party! Here you go, pick a mask to wear!\" A tall brunette girl said with a big smile. \"Thanks they all said. \"Bella's party? But a blonde boy invited me…. I think we have the wrong party…\" I said confused. \"Blonde boy? Aha. That's probably Jonathan, Bella's boyfriend.\" The brunette said smiling. \"Jonathan….\" I whispered. \"Oh here you guys go!\" the girls said giving us name tags. \"You are not allowed to say your name…. you must make up your own name, just think of it as a username.\" The girl said handing us a pink pen and handed us a list of names \"What kind of names are this… Mickey Mouse….Cupcake….Butterfly…\" Michelle said shocked. \"Yup that's Isabelle… always acting like a little princess.\" Skylar said annoyed. \"Okay… well let's choose a name….\"I said softly and we all gather around to read the list. \"I am going to be Riley…. Wait no the princess divine!\" Skylar said smiling. \"I will be sweet angel\" Jayla said softly \"I will be Thinker bell\" Michelle said annoyed and wrote it on her tag. \"I will be the Darkness Diva!\" Lily said scratching the name off the list. \"I will be clumsy skittles!\" I said smiling and they all laughed. We handed the list back to the brunette and slowly open the door to the party. As we went in, we could hear the music playing really loud, the lights were so strong it was hurting my eyes. \"Oh great people are looking at us!\" Jayla yelled and ran behind me. I turned to the crowd, and she was right they were staring at us. I froze for a moment but then I realized that they didn't know who we were, we could be ourselves and no one would ever know. \"Jayla relax… they can't see you…. you are wearing a mask…. Don't worry!\" I said taking her hand and pulling her in front of me. I pulled her in front of me to give her some confidence, but I mostly did it to stay away from the staring. Suddenly a group of boys came towards us. I could feel that Isabelle order them to come to us. As soon as the group of guys got to where we were at, I turned to her, she gave a \"you're welcome\" smile. I don't remember telling her I needed a date. \"Hey beautiful!\" One of the guys said walking towards Jayla. Jayla just stood there, her cheeks got as red as a tomato. \"Um...Um...Hi…\" She said softly. \"You can call me Luke the Fire King!\" the guy said and wink at her. \"Oh hi Luke….\" Jayla said softly. \"What's your name? If you don't mind me asking.\" Luke said and got closer to Jayla. \"Um Ja-\"\"Sweet Angel. You can call her Sweet Angel.\" I said stopping Jayla from saying her name. I walked in the middle of both and pushed \"Luke\" away a little. \"I am Skittles!\" I said smiling. \"Uh and I am Thinker Bell!\" Perry said winking at me. \"Well I am Darkness Diva.\" Lily said and walked angrily towards the group of guys. \"Now since you are obviously not leaving us alone anytime soon…. Someone go get me food!\" Lily yelled angrily. \"I am starving!\" She added. One of the guys nodded and left running. \"Aha. I found my date.\" She said smiling and ran behind him. \"Bring me something to drink too!\" She yelled. Perry (Michelle) was talking to the other two guys about how lame their nicknames were, but then again she was Thinker Bell. I turned to Jayla, Luke seemed to be pretty nice to her. They were sitting in one of the benches close to the door talking like they were best friends. Okay everyone seemed to be enjoying the party. I suddenly remember I had not heard Skylar talk since we got in. I turned to her, she was looking straight at Isabelle, or at least I thought. \"You really don't like her huh?\" I said walking close to her. \"Like who?\" She said lost in her own world. \"Isabelle…\" I suddenly realize she wasn't looking at Isabelle but the guy next to her. Guess who? Kyle. \"That's Kyle?\" I asked curiously. \"The love of my life. I've known him ever since we were in middle school. He is my other half.\" She said smiling but all of the sudden her smile dropped. \"Well… what are you waiting for…go to talk to him.\" I said pushing her towards him. \"Are you crazy… he thinks I am creep.\" She said softly. \"He thinks Skylar is a creep...and a stalker…which you are….but he doesn't have to think the same about Riley….\" I said smiling. \"Your right…. I shall give it a try…\" She walked closer to the crowd, I could see how nervous she was. Her hands and feet would shake more and more as closer as she got. She got him by the back and poke his right shoulder. Kyle was standing in the area where the drinks were served. He was right next to Isabelle and a brunet guy about 6ft tall. Isabelle was wearing a short pink dress right before her knees. Kyle is about 5ft 8in tall. He is two inches taller than Skylar, spiky blackish, brown hair. He seemed awful quiet and just smiled soflty. \"Excuse me…\" Skylar said nervously. \"May I go through…?\" She added and stepped closer. \"Umm… Yeah sure…Go ahead…\" Kyle said softly stepping back. Skylar smile softly and walked to the drinks serving place. I slowly walked behind a plant and hided myself. Isabelle gave Kyle a signal towards and pointed at Skylar. Kyle nodded and walked towards her. Oh no. Here we go. \"You should get strawberry.\" Kyle said smiling and noticing that Skylar didn't know what to get. \"It's my favorite.\" He added smiling. \"I know.\" Skylar said smiling but rapidly realize Kyle didn't know who she was. \"I mean, who doesn't like strawberry!\" Skylar said smiling and covered it. \"I know right! It's the best thing ever!\" Kyle said happily. \"Here.\" He said giving her a glass of juice. \"Thank You!\" Skylar said smiling. \"Delicious.\" She said turning towards the dance ballroom. They both stood quite, they looked at everyone dancing. \"You like to dance?\" Kyle said nervously. \"Do I like to dance? I freaking love it! Now if I know to dance? Let's just say I dance like a crazy monkey!\" Skylar said laughing. \"Ha-ha. Well at least you know how to dance like crazy monkey.\" Kyle said smiling. \"It's easy. Look. You put your right hand in your head.\" Like this, Skylar said doing the same. \"Then, you put your left hand in your hip and start jumping like crazy!\" She added and started jumping. \"No way am I doing that!\" Kyle said laughing. \"Yeah I thought so. You don't seem too adventurous.\" Skylar said and turn to get more juice. \"What do you mean?\" Kyle ask confused. \"Eh… Forget it.\" Skylar said smiling. \"Tell me. Please.\" Kyle begged. \"You just seemed to do whatever that blonde girl tells you to do.\" Skylar said upset.\" \"I do not!\" Kyle argued. \"You do.\" \"Not.\" \"Do. \"Not.\" \"Do.\" \"Not.\" \"Fine. Kiss me.\" Skylar said evilly. \"What no way!\" Kyle said stepping back. \"Why? Do you need to go ask your little friend over there?\" Skylar said annoyed. \"Is not that…. Is just…. I just met you.\" Kyle said softly. \"Sweet. But boring.\" Skylar said annoyed. \"I got to go.\" Skylar said smiling and started walking away. \"Wait a minute! I am gonna show you I am not boring.\" Kyle said holding Skylar by the arm. \"Um how?\" Skylar asked confused. \"Come on follow me.\" Kyle said and pulled Skylar out. \"Where are they going...?\" I said softly. I slowly stepped back, trying to follow them. \"Spying on couples huh?\" A boy said behind me. \"Ahhhh!\" I yelled turning around. \"How come every time I see you, you end up yelling?\" The boy said laughing. \"I don't know maybe you're the problem!\" I said angrily. \"Hey last time I checked you owe me your life.\" The boy said laughing. \"I felt from the stairs, is not like I was gonna die, I was only like 4 steps ahead.\" I argued. \"Yeah. Yeah. Keep telling yourself that.\" The boy said and winked at me. \"Ugh.\" I scoffed. \"Penelope right?\" he said smiling. \"Yeah. And you're Angel. I know that already.\" I said annoyed and started walking towards the way Skylar and Kyle went. \"Where are you going? What's the hurry?!\" Angel said walking behind me. \"To find my friends.\" I said rapidly. \"You have friends?\" Angel said shocked. \"Hey!\" I said rapidly turning around. \"Okay sorry. I didn't mean it like that.\" Angel said smiling and walked towards me. \"Penelope….\" \"My name is Skittles.\" I said sarcastically. \"Well Skittles May I have a dance with you?\" Angle said bending his knees. \"Um… I don't know…\" I said nervously. \"Jonathan! Baby come here!\" Isabelle yelled happily. I felt my heart stop for a minute. I turn rapidly towards the entrance, just as expected the blonde idiot was Jonathan. He turned towards where I was at. Walked straight towards me, for a moment I thought he was gonna stop, but he just walked pass me. My heart felt like it had exploded. I hated this feeling. Why did I feel this way? Was it hate? I turn following the way he was walking, towards Isabelle. She looked so beautiful in her pink dress and her light skin. She rapidly ran to hug him, literally jumped on him. I bided my lips just by seeing them kiss, they seemed so in love. I wasn't even focusing on Angel. That jerk invited me to his party and doesn't even bother to say hi, or thank you for coming, nothing he said nothing. Like who does that?! I wanted to get the girls and leave, but they all seem to having fun, it wasn't fair for me to ruin their night. \"Do you know him?\" Angle said brutally interrupting my thoughts. \"Huh? No. I don't know who that idiot is.\" I said rapidly. \"Are you sure you don't know him? You seem pretty upset?\" Angel asked me again. \"I am sure okay!\" I yelled angrily. I saw Isabelle pull Jonathan to the ballroom, just as the slow song came on. She got close to him she put both of her arms around his neck. Jonathan put both of his arms around her hip and the both started dancing around the ballroom like the perfect couple. All of the sudden everyone started cheering. \"Woo! \"Everyone yelled. \"Come on. Let's dance!\" I said pulling Angel to the dance floor. I pulled him closer to me and nervously putted my two arms around his neck. He weirdly enough put his arms around my hips. I felt my body tremble a little in the inside. \"Why are you doing this?\" Angel asked pulling close to me. \"I thought you wanted to dance…\" I said softly and pulled back a little. \"Ahem….\" He said softly and turn me rapidly. I turn towards where Jonathan and Isabelle where at, I literally choke when I saw them kissing again. Who kisses every five seconds?! No one. \"Ouch!\" Angel yelled, pulling me close to him. \"Sorry! I stepped wrong!\" I said rapidly after stepping on him. I tried to pull away but every time I tried he pulled me closer. Every time I turned to see what Jonathan and Isabelle were doing, I saw them kissing. I tried my best to smile, Angel seemed to be having fun, and he turned me like 10 times. Yes I was very dizzy. The song finally ended, I quickly let go of Angel, but he didn't let go of me. \"Umm… excuse me.\" I said pushing him away. As I walked out of the dance area Angel followed and got me from my arm \"Wanna go meet my friends?\" Angel said smiling. \"Um sure.\" I said nervously. He slowly got me by the hand and walked me to the very corner of the ballroom. \"Look who finally decided to show up!\" A petite girl said smiling and walked towards us. \"Hey Jess! Hey guys what's up!\" Angel said smiling. \"You know just waiting for you!\" A blonde boy said smiling. \"Sorry Jack, I met somebody on the way here.\" Angel said rapidly and turned towards me. \"Hiya…\" I said smiling and stepped back a little. \"Uhhh. O.M.G she is so pretty!\" A girl yelled rapidly. \"Not as pretty as you babe.\" Jack said smiling and hugged her. \"Penelope meet my friends, friends meet Penelope!\" Angel said smiling. \"Hey Penelope, I am Jack and this is my girlfriend Katie.\" Jack said smiling. \"Meet Hayley, Jessica a.k.a Jess, Melody, Melissa, Laura, Heather, Danielle, Ruby, Valerie but you can call her Tegan, and Caroline and Victoria but we call Tori.\" Jack said smiling and everybody just looked at him weirdly. \"He has this habit of talking for everyone\" Tegan said smiling. \"Come on sit down join us!\" Jessica said pulling me by the hand and sat me down next to her and Tegan. \"Umm I am sorry but I really need to go look for my friends.\" I said softly and started to stand up. \"Uh friends? You mean more people!\" Tegan said yelling. \"Yeah Jayla, Lily, Skylar, and Michelle.\" I said smiling. \"O.M.G I want to meet them!\" Hayley yelled. \"Well let's go look for them!\" Melody said standing up rapidly. \"What are they wearing, how do the look like? Are they pretty?!\" Melody said rapidly. I decided not to say anything, I just stared very confused. What the heck was I doing here? \"Guys let her breath, she probably thinks we are bunch of creeps…\" Ruby said brutally, did she like read minds? Creepy. \"Awe no she doesn't! Right?\" Melody said and looked at me with a puppy face. Can I shoot myself now? \"No of course not!\" I said fake smiling. Her bright smile was up again. I looked around the ballroom party, but I couldn't see none of the girls. So much for sticking together. \"So do you know where your friends could be at?\" Tegan asked me, I think she saw my worried face. I nodded disappointedly. \"Um.. Lily loves food so she is probably eating!\" I said softly. \"Okay let's go get food!\" Melody said standing up again. \"Yeah I am down!\" Tegan said smiling. \"Me too!\" Hayley said smiling. \"I am in!\" Caroline said softly from the end. \"Me three! I am starving\" Tori said smiling. \"What the heck, I'll go to!\" Ruby said smiling. Jack and Katie stood up as well, man they were like glue. \"Will stay here, so they won't steal our table!\" Jess said smiling, Laura, Heather and Danielle nodded. I turned towards Angel but he was long gone. Where too? Who knows. As we walked towards the food room, everyone was talking so loud. They seemed so happy and talked just about nonsense. Let me tell you how they looked. Tegan is really petite she has brownish hair down to her elbows and bangs, brown eyes and was wearing a pink dress. Hayley is about my height she has brown hair as well, hazel eyes, and light skin, she was wearing a light green short dress. Melody has long black straight hair, she has browns eyes, and was wearing a red long dress. Ruby has brown curvy hair with hazel eyes she is short but a little tall and she was wearing a yellow dress. Katie is blonde with blue eyes, orangery hair she is also very petite and she was wearing a black dress. Jack is around my height he has brownish blonde hair and has hazels eyes. Tori has brown hair and brown eyes as well she is very light skin and very quiet as well, she was wearing a purple long dress. Caroline is the Blondie in the group she is my height, she has brown eyes and wears black glasses, she was wearing a zebra style dress. They all seemed pretty cool. I missed my friends though. As I looked around the ballroom I saw a girl with orangery hair and a black dress. Aha found her. \"Lily!\" I yelled and ran towards her, the rest of the group followed me. \"Huh? Oh hey Skittles!\" Lily said with a plate full of food. \"I see you're having lots of fun.\" I said laughing. \"Are you kidding me?! This my paradise! So many food!\" Lily said smiling. \"Aha! I can see that!\" I said smiling and got a plate myself. \"Man she really loves food!\" Melody said surprise. We all gather around the tables to get food. Man Japanese food, French food, Italian, they even had hotdogs. It was like food heaven. \"O.M.G Is that moon cake!\" Lily said yelling. We all rapidly turn towards her. \"And it's the last one!\" Lily yelled freaking out. \"And I got it!\" A girl said coming from nowhere. \"Hey give it back, I saw it first!\" Lily said like a little girl. \"Sorry but I got it first!\" The girl said smiling. \"Ahhhh!\"Lily yelled, suddenly Melody ran towards Lily. \"I am… umm Corey? Sorry but could you please give it to her, she kind of saw it first.\" Melody said looking at the name tag. \"No way I love moon cake!\" Corey yelled. \"Nah uh!\" Lily yelled. \"Uhhuh! Just watch!\" Corey said and ate the last moon cake. Oh no here we go. \"You jerk face!\" Lily yelled and threw a chocolate cake at her. \"My dress! Ahhh!\"Corey yelled angrily, \"You will pay!\" Corey said and threw mac and cheese at Lily. \"Ahhh! My dress!\" Lily yelled. \"O.M.G Please stop -AHHH NOT MY HAIR!\" Melody yelled throwing chocolate pudding off her hair. \"You… You…. Meanie!\" Melody said throwing her pasta at Corey but missed and hit another girl. \"Food fight! Jack yelled. \"No… no stop!\" I yelled but I was too late. Food everywhere, flying food. I am not gonna lie, I was throwing food too. \"Attack, Attack!\" Hayley yelled and laughed. \"Open your mouth! Eat people, eat!\" Tegan yelled and kept throwing food. \"AHHHHHHHHHHHH!\" We suddenly heard someone yelled really loud and mad. We froze and turned around. Isabelle was covered in chocolate pudding, and she was mad. \"My party! It's ruined! No!\" Isabelle yelled angrily. We all stepped back slowly. \"Who did this?! Who started this?\" She yelled angrily. Suddenly all fingers where pointed towards us. Great. Isabelle walked slowly towards us, she almost slipped on a banana. I wish she would of. \"You. You. You. You ruined my party!\" She yelled her face turned red as a tomato. \"We… didn't mean to…\" I said softly as I turned to face her I saw Jonathan walking towards us. \"Get out! Get out!\" She yelled brutally. \"But…\" I tried to explain. \"Get out! I want all of you out of here now!\" Isabelle kept yelling \"I want every single one of you out of my party! She yelled again. \"Jonathan! Kick them all out!\" she kept yelling. \"Fine! Will leave!\" I said getting a piece of cake and squashed it on her hair.\"Ahhhhhhhhh!\"She yelled. \"Come on lets go.\" I said softly. As we walked outside, I saw Angel outside right next to the door saying \"Party in the garden! No Rules! Just have fun!\" and giving out a shirt that said \"We Are Cray Cray!\" \"What are you doing?\" I said walking towards him. \"Inviting people to my party!\" Angel said smiling and gave the shirt. \"Your party? Tonight?\" I asked very confused. \"Yeah tonight. Come on, let me show you!\" He said and pulling me. As we walked towards the garden, I was very confused about what had just happened. I was kicked out from a party with bunch of other people that I had just met. They treated me like we were best friends. And my friends where nowhere to be seen. \"How come you organized a party knowing Isabelle's party was today.\" I asked very confused. \"Isabelle's parties always go wrong. She is a selfish brat.\" Angel said smiling. \"She can't be that bad.\" I said softly. \"Oh trust me she is. Even her step-brother thinks that.\" Angel said laughing. \"Step-brother? Who?\" I asked confused. \"We are here!\" Angel said smiling. \"Hey Kyle over here!\" Angel said smiling. \"Come on! \" He added and we ran towards Kyle. \"Wow dude! You did an awesome job decorating!\" Angel said smiling \"Right Penelope?\" He asked me. \"Yeah it's really nice.\" I said looking around. \"Thanks! I got a little help!\" Kyle said and pointed to a blonde girl walking towards us. Guess who? Yup Skylar. \"Excuse me? Little help? I practically did everything!\" Skylar said smiling and got Kyle by the arm. \"Angel meet Riley, she helped decorate all this.\" Kyle said and pulled Skylar closer. \"Ummm Riley? Nice to meet you….\" Angel said curiously. \"Meet Penelope, she was one of the people who practically destroyed your Bella's party.\" Angel said smiling. \"Awesome. Nice too meet you Penelope! Welcome to the group!\" Kyle said smiling. \"Thanks!\" I said softly. \"Where is everyone else?\" I asked and looked around. \"It's time to party people!\" Hayley yelled. \"Let's get loud!\" Ruby and Tegan yelled. \"They are here! Come on DJ! Let's Rock and Roll!\" Angel said throwing Kyle the headphones. \"Right behind you!\" \"Riley I will be right back don't leave!\" He added. \"I won't….. But hurry!\" Skylar said smiling. \"Where have you been?!\" I yelled punching Skylar in the arm. \"Helping Kyle plan this! He is so sweet and romantic!\" Skylar said smiling. \"How dare you leave me alone?! There was a food fight! And I dance with Angel, and I saw Jonathan! My heart froze. And to top it all Isabelle Kicked me off her party.\" I said punching her again. \"I am sorry, he got me by surprise. You dance with Angel? I think he likes you. Awe I ship you guys!\" Skylar said smiling. \"Wait you know Angel?\" I asked very confused. \"Of course! He is my best friend, well boy best friend.\" Skylar said smiling. \"No wonder he looked at you curiously! He knows who you are!\" I said shocked. \"He won't say anything! Don't worry!\" Skylar said. \"Skylar! Penelope!\" I head Michelle yelled. \"Michelle, Lily, Jayla!\" I yelled running over them and hugged them. \"Like my shirt? I am cray cray!\" Lily said laughing. \"Did you tell them you cause a food war?\" I said laughing. \"Oh no… yeah I caused the food war!\" Lily said happily. \"Oh man I wish I was there! But no I had to be talking to bunch of losers about their stupid nickname!\" Michelle said upset. \"Haha. Yeah Perry don't worry maybe next time!\" \"Nobody got hurt right?\" Jayla said worried. \"Nope, no one Jayla, don't worry!\" I said smiling. \"I missed all the cool things too! Booo!\" Skylar said with a frown. \"Where were you Skylar?\" Michelle asked confused. \"Shhss… don't call me that. My name is Riley.\" Skylar said smiling. \"No its not…. Your name is Skylar Lynn Vaters… remember? Skylar\" Michelle said confused. \"Did you say Skylar? Skylar Lynn Vaters?\" Kyle said rapidly. \"Umm yeah…\" Michelle said smiling. \"Skylar?\" Kyle asked softy. This wasn't good. Our body and heart froze HII GUYS :D ANYWAY PLEASE PLEASE REVIEW :) PLEASE HOPED YOU LIKE IT :D BTW ALL THIS CHARACTERS ARE BASED ON REAL LIFE PEOPLE :) MY FRIENDS :D ","Summary":" HII GUYS :D GUESS WHO DECIDED TO WRITE A NEW FANFIC... EVEN THOUGH SHE HASN'T EVEN FINISH THE FIRST"},{"Movie":"Penelope","Title":"Celebrate good times","Author":"jumira-wings","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4967623","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Penelope Fluff Author's Note: I just read the book Penelope and I wanted to write some Penelope/Johnny fluff told from different points of view. This story picks up where the last page of the book left off. (I suppose it also could be filler for the scene after Penelope runs into Johnny at his apartment.) Chapter One Penelope's POV We stood there for a long time, just getting lost in each other's embrace, neither one wanting to let go. Finally, as if on cue, we pulled away from each other and then I looked up at him, smiling, and said, \"What now?\" \"I'm not sure,\" he said thoughtfully. Then he flashed me that smile I liked so much. \"You know, Penelope, I didn't know what I was doing with my life until you came along.\" \"You know what? I don't either.\" I had a sudden idea. \"Why don't you tell me about it? I mean, I only recently found out that your name is Johnny. Care to tell me about yourself all over again?\" He grinned sheepishly and said, \"Well, to be honest, it isn't all that interesting. Not compared to your life.\" \"Oh, come on,\" I said. \"I've been splattered all over newspapers and magazines for months now. Everyone knows about me. What I want is to know about you—Johnny Martin.\" Johnny finally sighed and gave in. \"Where should I start?\" I thought for a moment, reminiscing through our very first conversations. \"Tell me about your favorites,\" I said excitedly. \"Like how I told you about my favorite flowers and you told me about how you liked to sit in the park and think.\" He paused for a moment, and I could tell that he was contemplating something. \"All right,\" he said. Taking my hands, he led me over to the couch and we both sat down. After clearing his throat, he started. And we sat there for what seemed like hours, passing back and forth our favorites, our thoughts, the details of our lives. I learned a surprising amount about his life, the life he lived as Johnny Martin, and I found every second of it fascinating. Not a single thing bored me. I learned of how he had grown up with his father, a plumber, and how they always had good times together, even if they were tight on money sometimes. I learned about his first encounter with a piano and the surprise it brought him when he found that he was good at playing it. He told me about how he had gone on to study piano and began playing in a variety of jazz bands. Johnny then stopped and looked at me for a long time after that. It was like he was trying very hard to decide something. I reached for his hand. \"Johnny, whatever it is…it's okay. You don't have to say anymore if you don't want to.\" Johnny shook his head. \"It's not that. I think that you might already know about my gambling problem.\" I said nothing. It was up to him if he wanted to continue. I just squeezed his hand and waited. Luckily, he seemed to trust me enough so he did continue. He went on to tell me about how he had gotten into gambling and how it had drained him of his livelihood. At the end of this, he looked at me and whispered something. I leaned in closer to hear. \"It was because of you that I changed,\" he said quietly. \"After I walked out of your house that one time, I finally realized something.\" \"What was that?\" I whispered back. He turned to fully face me. \"Here was a girl who seemed to have it all—lots of money, a wealthy family, and everything provided for her, but…she wasn't even let outside. I thought that was unfair. Then I thought of all that I was allowed to enjoy: the flowers, the park, the Cloverdilly pub. All the things I took for granted. Just being able to go outside…those were things I never even thought about. And then I had another thought—here I was, gambling my life away when I could be doing something great. That was when I knew I had to change. I admired how brave you were and it made me really want to be better. You were willing to be kept inside for so long and you worked hard to lift the curse. I knew that I could never lift the curse for you, but at least I could try to stop wasting what I had. You did that for me, Penelope.\" I didn't say anything. How could I? I was awestruck by this revelation. I just sat there and let his words wash over me. It felt so…thrilling, so amazing that I could change someone's life like that. Finally, I leaned over, kissed his cheek, and said, \"Thank you, Johnny. I never thought I could change anyone's life like that.\" For the first time ever, I saw him blush and it almost made me laugh aloud. I wanted to kiss him again, but a knock sounded at the door and interrupted me. Johnny gave a sudden laugh and said, \"I guess your friend must be wondering what happened to you.\" I laughed too and we both got up to go to the door. We were surprised, however, when we opened it to find not just Annie, but someone else there, too. I recognized him as the reporter Annie had spoken to earlier, Johnny's roommate. \"Hello, Lemon,\" I said, smiling. He returned my smile. \"How you doing, Penelope?\" Annie interrupted then. \"Geez, we'd thought you guys had eloped to Vegas for all the time you've been gone.\" Johnny and I looked at each other, grinning. \"Nah, we were just getting to know each other.\" \"All over again,\" I added. \"Well, hurry up and then come to the dance floor. The party's winding down and I want to see you guys dance to the last song at least.\" \"All right, all right,\" I said. \"Just give us a minute.\" Annie opened her mouth to say something else, but Lemon just took her hand and led her back down the hall, grinning and shaking his head. Johnny turned to me. \"So, how about it? Dance with me?\" For the first time ever, I gave him an abashed look. \"I…I don't dance much,\" I said shyly. I had never really learned to dance during my time at the Wilhern Mansion and Annie had only shown me a few dance moves. I didn't want to ruin the evening with my pathetic imitation of dancing. \"It's okay. We'll just dance to the slow songs, if you want.\" He must have seen my worried face for he took my hand and pressed it tightly into his. \"Please?\" he asked. I couldn't refuse him so I just nodded, smiling at his patience with me. He gave me a warm, reassuring smile and said, \"All right then. Just let me lock up in here first. I don't want anyone coming into Lemon's apartment.\" He went back inside and that's when I noticed that I had taken up all his time with talking and now he wouldn't have much time to pack. \"Hey,\" I called out to him. \"I'm sorry about interrupting your packing.\" Johnny came out then and when he had locked the door, he turned to me and said, \"Don't worry about it. You are the most welcome interruption if there ever was one.\"[Chapter 2] Chapter Two Lemon's POV I spotted Penelope and Johnny coming out to the dance floor just at the end of a fast-paced dance song. Penelope had looked nervous, though there was an unmistakable vividness to her smile. Good luck, kid, I thought. I hoped the boy knew how to dance. Annie had nudged me then. \"Hey, look at them together.\" She beamed at the happy couple. \"Yeah…Hey, Penelope knows how to dance, right?\" Annie gave me a look and then her face turned thoughtful. \"I guess so. I've never actually seen her dance much. But don't worry about it. With the way they're looking at each other, I doubt they'll be thinking about everybody else.\" I didn't have a chance to think about it anymore because a new song came on then and Annie dragged me onto the dance floor with a, \"Oh, I love this one! Come on, Mr. Pirate! You're dancing with me!\" As it turned out, I had nothing to worry about. The last song came on and naturally, it was a slow dance song. Johnny and Penelope didn't have to change rhythm, however, for they were already slow dancing. I had caught glimpses of them every now and then and they seemed to be slow dancing to every song, no matter what the beat was. Penelope had her arms wrapped around Johnny's neck and they were whispering to each other. It looked almost funny to see them like that, but they were so lost in each other that I felt happy for them. Annie seemed to be right about another thing, too. From the way they were dancing, it didn't look like they were going to notice even if everyone left the room and the music stopped. Apparently, they didn't notice. When the music had stopped, they were still slow-dancing and it was only when we approached them that they finally looked up. Penelope was still giggling from something Johnny told her and Johnny had not looked more pleased with himself since…well, ever. I could not remember seeing the boy this happy. Johnny's face was no longer tired and worn. His eyes held no hollowness or despair. It was like he had changed into a completely different person. I couldn't help breaking into a bright smile. I decided I was glad after all for every single one of the crazy, mixed-up events that had led to this. Annie poked me. \"Hey, what are you so happy about?\" \"Nothing,\" I said, beaming. \"Ahem,\" I said after a while. The couple turned to look at us. \"Annie said that she was still hungry so we would like to invite you two for a late-night meal.\" \"Yeah,\" Annie piped up. \"Unless you two would like some more alone time together.\" She gave Penelope a wink. Penelope's stomach growled in response. Seems like she had been so caught up with the magic of the evening that she had forgotten she was hungry in the first place. Everyone laughed. \"I guess we have our answer then.\" Johnny looked worried all of a sudden. \"Wait, are we driving there?\" I gave him a look and then caught on. \"Oh, I got plenty of room in my van.\" Then, after for a second. \"Actually, it depends on where we're eating because if it's close then I don't mind walking.\" \"Hey, that's a great idea!\" said Annie. Penelope agreed. I had a feeling she would like walking around the city at night and besides, with such good company, why wouldn't she want to spend as much time with them as possible? \"All righty then. Let's go.\"[Chapter 3] Chapter Three Annie's POV I was way more used to driving everywhere but for once, I was glad that I agreed to walk around instead. The city was decked out for Halloween and though I had zipped through these streets a million times on my deliveries, there was always had something new to see. Of course, it was loads better this time because I had my best friend at my side (who was still making goo-goo eyes at her new lover), and a new friend to round out the fellowship. Besides, it was fun to watch Penelope gaze at everything like she was a kid in a toy store. Lemon and Johnny glanced at each other, then at me, and we all shrugged and smiled. Hey, I would be amazed too if I was seeing Halloween in this town for the first time. We walked aimlessly for a while, admiring the city lights and looking into the shops. Me and Penelope would point to things we liked in the shop windows. It was fun, but I noticed Johnny looked uncomfortable every time we did that. I had plenty of experience with boyfriends, and knew that men usually felt uneasy if they couldn't buy you the things you liked. Tactfully, I decided to change the subject. \"Where are we going to eat?\" Lemon suggested a new restaurant on the edge of Midtown and we headed down there. Sadly, he couldn't remember exactly where it was and after tramping around for a while, we ended up eating at a trendy diner. A bell dinged as we stepped inside. I was met with the smell of baking food and my stomach flipped with hunger. The inside of the place was nice, too. Not what you would usually expect for a diner. Everything was decorated for Halloween with miniature pumpkins glowing in the windows and autumn leaves strung around the ceiling. Festive but not overdone, I decided. I quickly scanned the place for an open table. \"How about that one?\" said Penelope, pointing to one nearby. Penelope and Johnny slid into one side of a booth while Lemon and I took the other side. Someone instantly appeared. \"And how are you ladies and gents this fine Hallows' evening?\" said a squat woman with the roundest face I'd ever seen. \"I lick yer costume, mate,\" she said, winking at Lemon and his pirate get-up. \"What?\" he said, bewildered. \"I seed, I lick your costume.\" \"She likes your costume,\" I translated for him. \"Oh,\" he muttered, blushing. \"Thanks.\" She laughed and handed us menus, then stood poised with her pencil to take our drink orders. We all murmured something and then she left us to decide on what to eat. With everyone being hungry, it didn't take too long. Well, except for Penelope. Even though she was the hungriest, she just couldn't decide. \"Hey, keeds. I'm be-ack,\" the waitress said as she came near. \"Or do you guys need ano'er minit'?\" \"I think we're ready,\" said Johnny. He turned to me and Lemon. \"You two go first.\" Lemon looked at me and I shrugged. \"Just veggie soup and salad,\" I said. \"I'll have veggie soup too. And a veggie pita. And the pizza without the meat. Just spinach.\" \"Spinach pizza?\" said Johnny and Penelope, both making faces. The waitress laughed. \"Now, now, veggies are goo' for ya, keeds.\" She said as she cheerily jotted down the order. \"What abou' you two?\" she said, jabbing her half-pencil in the direction of the ones making the faces. \"I'll…\" Penelope seemed conflicted. \"I'll just have your jumbo burger.\" \"Same for me,\" said Johnny, folding up his menu. \"And more soda, please.\" \"Comin' righ' up,\" she said, catching up the menus and then pouring more soda in one fluid motion. What a pro, I thought as I watched her leave. \"Hey, I didn't know you were vegetarian,\" I directed at Lemon. \"Yeah, started a while ago. Forced me to eat healthy,\" he laughed. Penelope looked embarrassed since she had ordered a huge burger. I sensed that Johnny had already caught on to that since he had ordered the same thing. I smiled to myself. Though I only knew a little bit about Johnny, I could already tell that he was shaping up to be good for her. When the food came, steaming hot and enticing, we all stopped talking. It was amazing, almost like we had rehearsed it. At the same time, everyone got quiet, picked up our utensils (if we were using any), and dug in. Apparently, everyone was a lot hungrier than they had let on. I finished my food first and then watched everyone else. Penelope was scarfing down her giant burger and I could tell that, had she been alone, she probably would have eaten that huge burger in one go. I caught her eye. Slow down, I mouthed, amused. She nodded. Lemon was surprisingly a fast eater too. He was already halfway done with his many entrees before Johnny and Penelope had gotten through most of their burgers. Johnny was eating slowly but I didn't know whether that was because he wanted to eat politely or because the food wasn't all that good. A minute later, he put down the burger and the look on his face told me everything. \"What's wrong?\" asked Penelope, stopping abruptly. \"This…\" he lowered his voice. \"This burger's burnt. Really burnt.\" He said, grimacing. We laughed. \"Here, try some of the spinach pizza,\" said Lemon, holding up a slice with gooey cheese spilling off the side and dark green spattering the surface. \"Um…no thanks,\" said Johnny. \"Aw, come on,\" said Lemon, waving the pizza slice comically in front of his friend's face. \"I'll try it,\" said Penelope, surprising everyone. \"You will?\" I ask incredulously, staring at my junk food-loving friend up and down. \"Sure,\" she said, taking the pizza slice from a very stunned Lemon. Penelope took an enormous bite, chewed, rolled it around in her mouth and then swallowed. She smiled brightly. \"Tastes good.\" \"R-r-really?\" Johnny stammered. \"Yes, won't you try a piece?\" Johnny stared at her. \"Come on, just one bite,\" said Penelope innocently. \"Now you sound like my father,\" Johnny laughed. He shrugged. \"Okay, gimme,\" he finally conceded, gallantly taking the spinach slice of goo and, like Penelope, taking a large bite. \"Auf!\" he mumbled as he swallowed it. \"If that wasn't the most—\" but he stopped himself when he saw the look on Penelope's face. My usually sweet-natured friend was grinning devilishly from ear to ear. \"Don't feel bad,\" she said, smiling wider and wider. \"I thought it was pretty awful too.\" Johnny's eyes widened. \"You tricked me just so I would take a bite?!\" Penelope couldn't help it anymore. She burst into full laughter. \"The look (gasp) on your face (chuckle) as you were chewing it (squeal) was so worth it!\" Lemon and I couldn't help laughing too. \"Some girlfriend I have,\" Johnny sniffed, but he was laughing as he said it. \"Well, at least it was better than that burger,\" she said, grinning. I raised an eyebrow. \"Gee, from the way you were wolfing that thing down, I would have thought it was the best burger in the world,\" I said. Penelope gave me a mock gasp of indignation. \"Well, I never! And I expected a lady of high society to be treated with more class. For your information, young lady, I was famished and had every right to…what was the term you used? Wolf it down!\" she said, sticking her nose in the air and giving a dramatic wave. I chuckled. Johnny then reached up his hand and intertwined it through hers. \"Come, Your Highness. Forgive the unwitting girl. I'm sure she was just jealous.\" Penelope didn't say anything. She just stared into Johnny's eyes. Uh-oh. I nudged Lemon. We better go soon. It looks like these two lovebirds want to be alone for a while. He understood me right away. \"Check please!\" he called out. *** By the time we were outside, the air had turned much colder. Lemon and I had stepped outside first and I almost ran right back into the diner. The air was frigid and the wind cut at my face. \"You that cold?\" asked Lemon. I looked over at him and then realized that I was violently shivering. \"Here,\" he said, taking off his pirate's coat. \"It's not much, but…\" he handed it to me anyway. It did make me a bit warmer, I thought, even if it didn't quite fit over my bumblebee costume. That's when I realized that my face didn't hurt because of the cold anymore but because I was smiling so much. Johnny and Penelope came up to us then. \"Hey, I'm going to take Penelope home, okay?\" We said our farewells to them and waved goodbye. Lemon turned to me. \"You going home too?\" \"Yeah…\" I said slowly. \"Wanna walk me home?\" He brightened. \"Sure.\" We grinned at each other and set off down the street. There was something about that night. Not just that the stars were brighter. Or that Penelope had pranked Johnny on their first night together. Or that it was Halloween even. Whatever it was, I just knew I had made the right decision when the road forked after a while and I took the longer path home. As it turned out, Lemon and I never stopped talking that whole walk. Something had to be said for all that had happened after all.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 Johnny's POV Nervousness. Exhilaration. I never had so much crashing through my head. Well, except the first time I kissed her. I walked her home, letting her talk about how much she enjoyed this night, and asking more questions about me. I was surprised (but thrilled) she found me so fascinating. The truth was that I didn't think a girl like her would have time for me. And yet, here I was anyway. I kissed her goodnight and made her promise that we would see each other tomorrow. I don't remember how I got back to my apartment last night. All I remember is that I was wandering around town for the longest time, my eyes closed, my face bent towards the sky, and my arms thrown wide in celebration of what was possibly the best night of my life… *** \"Johnny, what's gotten into you, mate?\" \"What?\" The drummer is staring at me. All the other musicians glance at each other. \"You've been smiling all day.\" \"Oh…\" I grin but shake my head and say nothing. \"Aw, it's something all right,\" he said, as he gets up from his drum set to take a break. I stay at the piano and run through one of our songs. Moments later: \"Hey Johnny, there's a girl here who wants to see you.\" And then my insides turn. Penelope. I rush off the stage and sweep her up. \"It's good to see you too,\" she laughs. \"Penelope, I would like you to meet the best band members in the world.\" I introduce her to everyone. Greetings go all around. Everyone glances at Penelope and decides that we had done enough rehearsal for the day. Penelope waves goodbye to them as they leave. Then she looks at me. \"So, I kept my promise to come see you.\" \"That you did. Come on,\" I say, excited like a kid all over again. \"There's some place I want to show you.\" I take her to my favorite tree in the park. Penelope and I climb up. We sit for a while and I go on and on about how many times I spent in this very tree thinking about things, about life…about her. I notice how quiet she is and when I look over, I see her just…gazing at me. I panic for a second. \"I'm sorry. I, uh, I must be boring you.\" Penelope shakes her head and takes my hand. \"Not at all.\" She says. \"There's no way you could bore me.\" I squeeze her hand and kiss it. We go out to dinner and then, as much as I hate to do it, I tell her that I have to go home and unpack. Normally, I would put it off, but I need to do some unpacking so I would have a place to sleep tonight. I cringe as I tell her this. Would she get mad? \"How about I come help you?\" she asks. \"What?\" I ask, completely taken aback. \"No, really. I want to come help you. Besides, I don't want to leave you.\" I stare at her. Then I kiss her hair. Penelope walks with me to the apartment. I show her all the things I love about Midtown. Penelope tells me about how she used to dream about doing stuff like this when she was young, and how it all reminded her of things she read in books. \"Like what?\" I ask. \"What reminds you of the things you read in books?\" I never read much, but I never tire of hearing about what she had read. \"I read about times like this. Walking along unexplored streets, the open sky in autumn…\" Penelope and I look up. We can only see patches of sky through the towering buildings, but to Penelope, it all looked awe-inspiring anyway. It was amazing how appreciative Penelope could be of little things like that. \"I also read about people too,\" she continues. \"People like bag ladies on the subway, people like drama queens on the soap operas I used to watch, but nothing compares to seeing people in real life. They are so much more than their appearance.\" I take a lightning-quick glance at her. I knew what she was talking about. Surprisingly, I saw her staring back at me. \"I never read about anyone like you though,\" she says quietly. \"What do you mean?\" \"People who could be so kind. People who rose above their problems. People who could see things everyone else overlooked. People who didn't run away.\" She laughed suddenly. \"You know, you were the only suitor I've ever had that was chased out and then forced his way back in.\" I thought about that. It was true. As soon as Penelope's mother found that I was conspiring with Lemon, I had been thrown out…and then I jumped the fence to fight my way back to her. To explain. Even if I really couldn't explain right then. Because I couldn't tell her everything. Not that I didn't consider it. As I stood there, staring up at the woman I was falling in love with, I thought about forgetting everything and telling her. Somehow, I didn't. Somehow, I didn't want her to see me as anything…less than worthy of her, anything less than a blue blood. Now that I think about it, maybe I should have trusted her more and hoped for the best. All I could think of at the time was that, as much as it tore me up inside to reject her, it would hurt unbearably more if I took away her chance for happiness. \"Johnny?\" Her voice weaves silkily into my thoughts. \"Hmmm?\" And that's when I realize that we had stopped. Just as well since: \"We're here,\" I announce as I unlock the door. Penelope steps in and glances around. \"It's cute. Needs a little sprucing up but it shouldn't take much.\" Oh no, I think. Is she going to give my place a makeover? But Penelope had something different in mind. She goes to the store while I unpack. Before Penelope leaves, she asks:\"Are you allowed to decorate your apartment any way you want?\" \"Yes...Well, as long as it doesn't require knocking down a wall or something.\" An hour later, Penelope returns with buckets and buckets of paint. Handing me a paintbrush: \"Paint something.\" I pause. \"Like what?\" \"Whatever you like. Let's see. What DO you like? Music, the park...\" \"Being with you,\" I say, jabbing her playfully. We drape a cloth over all the furniture and Penelope takes one wall and I take the other. Hours later, we collapse in an exhausted heap on my living room floor. \"Wow,\" I remark, looking around at our handiwork. On one wall, I had drawn piano keys and autumn leaves. Penelope drew flowers and twisting vines on the opposite one. In the middle, they melt together and it looks as if autumn leaves are falling onto flowering piano keys. Penelope holds up a paintbrush in salute. \"Same time, next week?\" I kiss her in reply. \"Yes. Same time, next week.\" We decide to watch a movie to round out the night, but Penelope is asleep before it ends. Stretching my free arm, I pull the quilt off the back of the couch and wrap it around her. I can't move much since she's sleeping on my arm so in the end, I settle down for some sleep, too. *** Penelope wakes up when I shift. \"Hey sleepy,\" I say to her. \"Johnny?\" she asks. \"How long was I asleep?\" I glance at the clock. \"About two and a half hours.\" Then I grin at her. \"You know, if I knew the movie was going to be that boring, I wouldn't have suggested it.\" She hits me playfully. I laugh. Then I notice her shiver so I drape the quilt around her again and she moves closer to me. I watch her get comfortable. \"Good night, Penelope,\" I whisper, kissing her hair. I think she doesn't hear me, but then I see her gazing up at me. She smiles ever so slowly; it's the happiest smile I've ever seen. That's when I realize that she understood all the things I meant by those words, all the things I left unsaid that she heard anyway. \"Good night, Johnny,\" she whispers. I pull the quilt closer around us. She snuggles into me and we fall back asleep. ","Summary":" Penelope Fluff Author's Note: I just read the book Penelope and I wanted to write some Penelope/Joh"},{"Movie":"Country Strong","Title":"Airstream Dreams: A Country Strong Fan Fiction","Author":"RaceyNitroVindicta","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9682151","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Justin sat bouncing in the passenger seat wearing her old cut off blue jeans, scuffed up boots and a Lynard Skynard shirt of the rusty old red Ford that Oakley and her had claimed there home away from home when they graduated high school. She squealed with excitement from the sight of the sign that said \"Welcome to California.\" \"Stop, Oak! We gotta take a picture!\" Justin said grabbing up her camera. \"Ok, ok, hold your horses, Jus!\" Oakley began to pull the truck and airstream over to the side of the rode getting out to snap a picture with her sister and climbing back in heading towards the ocean. As they finally made their way into the small town they had been searching for they found themselves stopping at a gas station for some fuel and a nice cold drink. They fueled up and asked directions to the nearest place they could park their camper and headed that direction passing a small bar that had a familiar face on the board. Oakley's turquoise boots and aviators glistened against the pavement in contrast with her cut off blue jeans that matched her sister's but were much darker and that white t-shirt with the Mustang emblem on it. \"Justin! Look!\" Oakley said pointing at the face from the truck window and slamming the brakes on jarring Justin awake. \"Holy shit, it's him.\" Justin said as she squinted at the picture. \"I always wondered where he wound up. He never came back home, was pretty hard on his mama.\" \"Yeah that's what she wanted everyone to think.\" Oakley said chuckling and starting back down the road. Traveling a good mile before parking in a spot near the ocean. Her and her sister got out to survey the scenery before setting up camp and preparing for a long stay. Once they're home was set up and they're patio area set up to their liking they pulled out their guitars and began to strum a bit singing old songs their daddy had taught them so long ago. He was always gone trucking it up, leaving mama in charge of raising the four kids that they had but Oakley and Justin were the oldest and were daddy's favorites, which displeased mama. Especially since they were from his first marriage. Only reason they called Cheryl \"mama\" was because she was the only one they knew and didn't really wanna know her. They decided to head back towards that bar they saw earlier as the it grew dark outside getting a little gussied up. Oakley's brown hair fell from the pony tail it had been in and swirled it to soft waves down to her elbows as her black tank top that had ruffles around the plunging neckline accentuated her bust and the blue jeans she wore fit just right with the turquoise boots peeking out from under them. Justin was some what sexier wearing a leather mini skirt and flesh colored tank top with her boots. Her blonde hair was down as well but straight as a board, like it had always been. Justin was more into gussying up then Oakley, but could easily be as much of a tomboy as her sister. They walked into the bar and as soon as they did everything stopped. They smiled at the site of Beau Hutton up there on the stage smiling back at them. \"Well, well if it is the Gunn sisters.\" His deep voice spoke through the microphone as he stared them down. Noticing Justin step forward. \"Oak, knew she would find you Beau Hutton. All she needed was to catch your scent just like when you two were dating in high school.\" Oakley turned every shade of red except maroon as she elbowed her sister, glaring at her and returning to smile at Beau. \"You two feel like singing a song or two with me?\" \"Sure, why the hell not.\" \"Let's sing Boondocks by Little Big Town.\" Justin gushed as she walked onto the stage, glancing at her sister and Beau. Who agreed with her, Justin wasn't the kind you wanted to disagree with. She was sorta bratty and tended to get her way, unlike the shy and quiet Oakley. It was amazing at how different the two were but got along so well. Even while singing their differences showed. Justin being more of a rock star while Oakley was more soulful and reserved. As they left the stage a stranger came up to asked them why they had suck awkward names and was quite shocked by their answers. Oakley placed her hand on her hip and stared at the man. \"My mom named me after her dog, and Annie Oakley, but more of the dog then her.\" Justin followed suit but was some what meaner with her answer. \"She thought I was a boy and was too lazy to change my name.\" Beau began to chuckle as he pointed the girls to a table continued his set. As the bar began to slow down and Beau's set was finished he joined the girls at a table buying them each a beer. Still smiling at them as he lit a cigarette. \"So what brings you two all the way out here.\" \"We're traveling, been traveling since Justin here graduated. Thought you knew that?\" Oakley spoke up then feeling more comfortable in the booth they were all seated at now. \"Yeah, I knew you two did that trying to get away from Cheryl. I don't blame ya I got away as soon as I could too.\" \"Beau, you got away as soon as Kelly Canter talked James into letting you on the tour is what you did. Jennie told me what went on in that rehab, you sneaky little snake in the grass.\" Justin giggled as she downed her beer. \"Yeah, I should have known Jennie would go running her mouth to everybody even two people that could care less.\" \"You acted like we just up and left, we offered for you to come. You said there wasn't-\" \"Wasn't enough room in the truck or airstream for me, yeah, yeah I know. You gotta rub it in Justin?\" Beau said taking a sip from his beer. \"Yeah I do, my big sister was heartbroken, she would have been more than happy to share her bed with THE Beau Hutton.\" Justin dodged away from her sister's jab, noticing her red face once again which was accompanied by her silence. \"I'm sure she would have.\" Beau said smiling at Oakley and noticing the smile he received in return. \"Closing time, Beau!\" The bartender hollered from the front door as the three looked around to see the now empty bar and got up to walk out to their vehicles which sat lonely in the parking lot Beau's Blue Ford almost perfectly matched Oakley and Justin's rust red Ford. \"I see you two made sure you kept your grandpa's truck.\" He said walking them to their truck. \"Yeah, we couldn't part from it. It's given us some problems but nothing me and Justin can't fix.\" Oakley said with a smile as she opened the squeaky door and climbed into the driver seat. \"I'll follow you two to your place, make sure you get home safe.\" He said climbing closing her door. \"You think we can't handle ourselves, Hutton?\" Justin shouted as she sat in the passenger seat. \"I know you two can, after all you both did take out half the football team when they refused to let you play with 'em.\" \"You damn right we did!\" Justin said closing her door and giggling at Beau walking to his truck shaking his head. Oakley giggled and the truck rumbled to life and she put it in gear waiting on Beau as she drove in the direction of the airstream. Oakley opened the door and turned on the light waving Beau and Justin in as she walked in behind them watching Beau survey the girl's handy work that had become their home. He walked into the trailer and looked around it had turquoise blue walls it was easy to tell it had been customized. There was what looked like an antique couch that had been recovered with a pink glitter vinyl and two drums repurposed for a type of table and had been covered with pink and purple tied dyed fabric. The kitchen area had tin that looked like it belonged on the ceiling of an old saloon as the backsplash while the cabinet doors were covered with the same metal but painted a pale yellow that had been sanded down to match the worn out look of the rest of the trailer. The floor seemed like an old diner's floor with its black and white checkers leading further back into the trailer it was scuffed and looked as if it had been well used. They had several pictures hanging on the walls of the airstream some seemed to be of them when they were younger and others were artworks and posters. The only modern thing in the trailer which wasn't that modern was the fifties style refrigerator and stove that were red with small amounts of rust on the corners. The copper sink shown in the light of the minnow bucket that had been turned into a ceiling light as he continued to look around his eyes fell on the brunette that had taken her seat on the pink couch and the blonde that sat next to her. He moved to take a seat in the cut padded church pew that created the booth effect for the dining room table was matched by the other half of the pew on the other side that had also been recovered and matched the couch which sat behind the dining table, which resembled an old epoxy bar top with concert flyers sealed in it. \"You guys worked hard on this old piece of junk, you did a good job.\" He chuckled at them. Oakley smiled at the sight as she stood and turned on her heels to lead him towards the back of the trailer showing him first the bathroom. The bathroom was at the beginning of the hallway and the only thing that separated it from the hall was a double curtain one that was the same turquoise blue as the hall and the front of the trailer and the top layer a rainbow beaded handmade curtain that hung all the way to the floor. As she pulled back the curtain she revealed a closet size Lime green room with a multi colored blue tiled shower that had a Plexiglas door that was painted into a mural with what looked like to be an old bronze drawer handle as the knob that would allow you to enter the shower. The sink was antique as well but a pale pink and the counter was the same pale yellow as the counters in the kitchen. The mirror was once an antique white mirror that was turned into a medicine cabinet with ease and was painted to match the sink. Oakley let the curtain fall after noticing that Beau had taken in enough of the bathroom and walked to the back where another curtain hung the same blue curtain as the bathroom but minus the beaded curtain. She pulled back the curtain and motioned for Beau to step back into what was the girl's bedroom. As he stood close to the curtain Oakley moved from his view and sat on her bed. This room had silver walls that looked as if it was the same tin that had been used on the kitchen a small cabinets and drawers served as the girls closets and dressers. The focal point was the two bunks that sat side by side with just a small table separating them. the linens were oddly enough camouflage but still had a girly charm with pink trim around the ends and lace on the openings of the pillow case. Orange sheets poked out from underneath the foliage covered duvet cover which seemed to flow to the floor of the trailer which had remained the same checkered tile throughout the airstream but was covered by a small rug between the beds. On the walls were several pictures of different children, an elderly woman and man, their dad, who Beau grew up around, and what seemed to be a younger version of Oakley and Justin. The only sign of technology in the whole mobile home was the flat screen TV and DVD player that hung on the wall at the foot of the beds and the cell phones that laid on the nightstand. The girls made their way back to the front of the trailer after changing into something more comfortable and began talking over a few beers as well as singing a few songs together and slowly drifting back into conversation. Oakley struggled with the beige colored over sized sweater that hung from her shoulders and blanketed the blue sleep pants she was wearing. While Justin of course was the wearing something sexier. Her short black shorts and wife beater seemed so tight it would be uncomfortable and her blonde hair looked as if it was fighting its way out of the top bun that matched Oakley's. \"So where have you two been?\" Beau asked as he put the beer bottle to his lips and took another sip. Justin and Oakley looked at each other and smiled as Justin got up to grab a photo album from their bedroom. Oakley felt kinda uncomfortable as she heard Justin throwing stuff around in the back and watching Beau, who was staring at her still drinking his beer. \"How ya been, Oak?\" He finally decided to break the silence. \"Good, been leaving dust trails everywhere we go I guess.\" She giggled nervously. \"That's good. I'm happy you came this way, never thought I would see you again.\" \"Yeah, I know. I kinda left in a hurry huh?\" She shrugged rubbing the back of her head with her hand. \"Sorry about that Beau.\" \"It's alright I guess. I got a little used to it, took me a while though.\" Beau leaned back in his chair as Justin walked in slamming a photo album on the table in front of him and taking her seat once again, picking up her getting and tuning it a bit. \"Dang, you guys have been busy.\" He said as he flipped through the pages looking at all the state line pictures they had taken and all the big landmarks. He flipped back to the first page and stared at the two young girls as they began their journey. Rubbing his fingers across the pictures and smiling at the smile on each of there faces. \"Well looks like you two have went out and made yourselves very happy.\" He looked up to Justin and shook his head at her. \"Still playing around on that thing I see?\" \"You can't be the only one with all the fame, Beau Hutton.\" Justin said glancing up from her guitar.\" He chuckled in response. \"I don't have any fame, lost it all after the tour.\" \"Yeah, right I'm sure a bunch of bimbos still remember you on that tour.\" \"Yeah, I'm sure they do.\" He continued to chuckled. Oakley climbed passed her sister and made her way back to the bedroom. She heard her sister's guitar begin to play and felt the trailer shake a bit as the heavy boot steps of Beau made their way to the back. She laid there on her bed feeling him staring at her. \"What do you want, Beau?\" \"Just wanted to make sure you were ok.\" He said sitting on the foot of her bed, his eyes never leaving her. \"I'm fine. Just a little tired from the drive.\" \"I'll come back tomorrow after work then.\" He said standing up, but felt her grasp the sleeve of his Carhart jacket. \"You can stay if you want.\" She said releasing him and sitting indian style on her bed as she traced the leaves on her comforter. He smirked at her and kicked off his boots setting them next to the night stand and hanging his hat on the lamp. He sat behind her fixing the pillows so he would be more comfortable propping up against the wall. Oakley turned on her favorite movie, Breakfast at Tiffany's as she leaned back into him, already feeling his eyes roll. \"Do you not ever get tired of this movie?\" \"It was either this Gone with the Wind, or Cat on a Hot Tin Roof.\" She smirked up at him. \"Fine, I guess I can handle this one then.\" He chuckled as he wrapped the arm closest to her figure around her. Feeling her excitement as the movie started and smiling wider than ever. He was happy to have Oakley and Justin around again. \"You two are pitiful.\" Justin said as she pushed her way passed the curtain, revealing the darkened front of the camper. \"If you're leaving Beau better do it is locked and you ain't gonna wake us up to unlock it.\" Justin said as she pushed back the blankets on her bed. Feeling the shove from Oakley's foot on her butt she turned around to smack it. \"Stop that!\" Oakley and Beau bursts into chuckles as they laid there. She looked at him and smiled. \"You can stay if you want. You've had a few beers after all.\" \"I'll think about it.\" He smiled down at her. Oakley lightly slapped his chest and went back to watching her movie. A few minutes later Beau looked down to see her already asleep. He got up and peeled back the blankets tucking her under them then returning to his spot. He felt her sleeping figure move back to her original position. He smiled down at her sleeping and leaned his head in the corner he was sitting in as he looked over to Justin to he her asleep too before closing his eyes himself.[Chapter 2] Rolling onto her side, Justin let out a heavy groan, rubbing her eyes with the back of her hand. It was late, way too late to still be sleeping. If Grammy had been around, she would have woken them up with a broom long before this time. When she opened her eyes, what she saw made her gasp. She nearly screamed before she remembered what had happened the night before, and then all she could do was giggle before throwing her legs over the side of her bed and making her way into the living room. She thought that Beau and her sister might want a little privacy for when they woke up, but she made plenty of noise to do the waking. With a soft clattering, she dumped all of her makeup out onto the coffee table, which wasn't very much since she didn't wear it often, and began to rifle through it. Beau had a show tonight, and he had invited them to sing on stage with him so she wanted to look her best. As she began to apply a light dusting of powder on her face, she heard the slight rustle of the beaded curtain that covered their doorway before Oakley appeared in the living room, followed by a sleepy looking Beau. \"Bout time you two showed your sleepy faces.\" She saw Beau looking around and canted her head. \"It's four o'clock. You got three hours before your show starts. You got plenty of time, Beau.\" He nodded his head and sat down on the couch, rubbing his head in slow circles that she was sure were meant to sooth him. Oakley sat down beside him, laying her head on his chest. \"Why are you gettin' ready so early, Justin?\" Looking up at her sister, she gave her a small smile. \"I wanna look my best on stage tonight. Last night I had been ridin' in the truck all day and I'm sure I looked like hell. Tonight is gonna be better.\" A few hours later, two beat up old trucks pulled up in front of an old bar on the outskirts of town, the same one they had sang in the night before. Climbing out of the passenger seat, Justin pulled her blue jean skirt down to its rightful position before striding over to meet her sister and Beau. Once inside, they sat at a small table in the middle of the room and ordered a few beers, settling in for one hell of a long night. When the time came for Beau's set to start, he made his way up onto the stage, starting with his usual banter as Justin sat with her sister, who was listening intently. \"I'm only gonna sing a few by myself tonight, y'all. I got some of my friends comin' to play with me tonight. I'm gonna start with a song that really tells you how I feel, tonight.\" With that, the opening chords of \"Hide Me, Babe\" were strummed, and Beau Hutton's voice soon filled the now hushed bar. After his songs were finished, Beau's smile returned to his face and he cast a look in the girls' direction, making Justin squirm with nerves. \"Alright, y'all… If you were here last night, you'll remember the Gunn sisters that I had come up here and sing with me, but tonight they ain't been ridin' in an old truck for hours and they put on their faces for ya. Y'all help me welcome Oakley and Justin Gunn from a little town outside of Savannah Georgia. C'mon, give it up for em', y'all.\" As Justin and Oakley made their way toward the stage, Justin had a huge smile on her face. She was made for this. Performing was her life, her dream, and tonight she was living it. Sitting down in front of a mic, each sister on one side of Beau, Justin spoke with that same smile quirking her lips. \"Hi, y'all. I'm Justin, and the quiet one over there is my sister, Oakley. We're gonna sing y'all a couple songs tonight, with the help of Beau Hutton and his lovely band. Is that alright with you?\" As the crowd began to clap, Justin turned to Beau and whispered the name of the song they were going to sing, which was ironic, actually. A few chords of The Pistol Annie's Hush Hush were played, and the crowd gave a loud cheer, signaling that they liked the song choice before Justin and Oakley's voices filled the crowded bar. After a few songs of their own, Justin and her sister began to stand up, but they were stopped by a voice that was enhanced by a mic, but out of their line of sight. \"Damn, Beau. You didn't tell me these friends of yours were so beautiful, and damn talented too.\" Justin looked behind her, seeing the body of who the voice belonged to, her eyes nearly bulging out of her head as she stared at none other than Brantley Gilbert. He gave her a sly smile before throwing a wink in her direction and sitting down on a stool to her left. \"I wouldn't mind hearin' one more, if y'all don't mind?\" Justin let her eyes travel over the lean figure of the man in front of her before turning to her sister with a grin on her face. \"Well, sure, Mr. Gilbert. I got the perfect song in mind.\" She then turned to the band and pursed her lips, she spoke in a sure tone, a giggle lacing her words. \"Do y'all know 'I Feel a Sin Coming On'?\" Oakley's eyes widened when the band nodded their head and the music started before she began to sing her own verse. After they finished their song, the bar filled with applause, and the girls stepped down off of the stage. As she walked back to her table with her sister, she was stopped and praised for her voice, and with a few sweet words and a heartfelt thank you, she finally reached her table. She looked up as the waitress reached their table, bringing them a few free beers from the management and as she took a quick drink, she heard Oakley's voice next to her. \"What was that, Justin? You basically just told him that you felt like you were about to sin with him and I'm pretty sure that his country star girlfriend is somewhere in this bar!\" Justin gasped, her hand on her heart, feigning shock as she tried her best not to laugh. \"I did no such a thing, Oakley! I simply sang my favorite song, by my favorite band. There is absolutely nothing wrong with that!\" After Brantley sang a few songs, Justin looked up as she heard Beau's voice. \"I wanna get the Gunn sisters back up here to do a song with Brantley and me, if that's alright with y'all?\" The cheers in the bar showed that it was indeed alright, and Justin and Oakley made their way back up. Sitting on the stool beside Brantley, and Oakley on the one beside Beau, Justin spoke in her show voice through the microphone. \"I'd sure enjoy singin' a song with y'all, but what are you plannin' on singin'?\" Brantley gave her a smile, winking in her direction before speaking into the mic as well. \"Boondocks sounds like a good one to me.\" As the music starts and the four of them begin the song, Justin hears that their voices actually sound really well together, Beau taking the low for the men, and Brantley taking the high, with Oakley on alto and Justin on soprano. When the music faded out, Brantley let out a whoop of excitement, nodding his head. \"Well, damn! Beau, these girls got some voices on 'em!\" Beau chuckled in that way of his that was known to make women fall at his feet as he put his arm around Oakley. \"I grew up with this two. They sure do know how to sing.\" With that said, they all made their way down off the stage, going to the same booth that the girls had been sitting at before. The jokes were in huge supply as the four of them sat at the table, and as they were laughing from Beau's latest, a woman whom Justin would recognize anywhere came and stood by the table. Jana Kramer in all of her country star, model look alike glory, stood beside Brantley, her foot tapping along the floor. His head slowly turned and as he saw her face, he gave her a sly smile. \"Hey, baby. I didn't know you were here for this show.\" Her eyebrow raised and her nose scrunched up, adding an ugly undertone to an otherwise beautiful face. \"Brantley, I told you I would be here. You just didn't look for me.\" Justin could feel the tension around them and she couldn't keep the smile off of her face, watching Brantley Gilbert stumble over his words in front of a woman. \"I did look for ya, baby. I just couldn't see ya.\" Brantley, who had been sitting next to Justin, moved his chair over so that Jana could sit down, which in turn rested his knee on Justin's leg. A faster song came on, something that could be line danced to, and the spirits around the table seemed to be lifted. Justin was itching to dance, feeling her foot tap along to the beat under the table, and apparently, Brantley was itching as well. Justin watched the entire exchange between him and his fiancé, though she was very subtle about it. \"Come dance with me, baby\", he said loudly to Jana, trying to get her to hear him over the crowed. The look on her face said she wasn't feeling it, and when she spoke, he scowled. \"Brantley, I'm tired. I just want to go home.\" Before she could even finish her sentence, Brantley had grabbed Justin up by the hand and was leading her out to the dance floor. The dance being done was relatively simple, but you had to have a partner to do it, and you had to do a lot of hand holding. Justin was on could nine out there, and Brantley seemed to be having the time of his life. Looking back toward the table, Justin could see two women glaring at her. She wasn't too worried about Jana, but Oakley… Well, she had to go home with Oakley. As the song finished, Justin walked back to the table with Brantley, laughing and joking the whole way back, but when they reached the table and he saw the look on Jana's face, he sighed and took off his hat, running his hand over his buzzed head. \"Alright, let's go home, Jana.\" Justin smiled as they waved goodbye, then sat down with Oakley, preparing for world war three to start.[Chapter 3] Oakley glared at her sister as she jumped out of the truck smiling the biggest smile she had ever wore. She stomped her way into the airstream behind Justin and slammed the door locking it into place. \"What the hell was that Justin?!\" She whipped around the face her sister still wearing her smile, \"What was what?\" \"You know what I'm talkin' 'bout. You need to wipe that smile off your face as much envy and lust as you got in you right now I'm surprised you ain't be shot down by lighten. Grammy and Daddy woulda tanned your hide if they would have seen that display and Grammy woulda had you praying for a month straight.\" \"It was just a dance Oaky, no harm done.\" \"That man -.\" \"His name is Brantley.\" \"I don't give a damn what his name is! He's promised to someone one! He put a ring on that girl's finger not yours.\" \"Jana Kramer, Oaky.\" Justin giggled as she headed back to the bathroom dancing through the hall and reliving her night. Oakley threw herself on the couch and stared at the aluminum ceiling. \"My sister is going straight to hell.\" She laid there till she heard Justin get out of the shower and make her way back to the bedroom before she decided it was time for her to take shower. When she was done she avoided her sister who was on the couch strumming her guitar, so she made her way back to the bedroom and put a movie in before laying down on her bed. She checked her phone to see a text from Beau and smiled as she opened it. You two did good tonight, have to bring you back next week. Don't be to hard on Justin she was only goofing around. Night. She smiled at the first part and then smalled her phone down as she read his advice about Justin. She rolled over to face the wall and tried to go to sleep but she just kept staring at that wall. Tracing her fingers on the coolness of the tin that had been placed on it but all she could think about was how it had held Beau's warmth last night. She traced her fingers till she fell asleep never even noticing when Justin snuck in. Oakley awoke the next day as the bright sun streamed in the window on her. She stretched her leg out from under the blanket to kick the unmoving Justin. \"Wake up.\" She giggled as she watched Justin roll over and stare at her through squinted eyes and place her hand on her forehead. \"God, I have a hangover.\" Oakley burst into laughter at her sister, \"You should really learn to pace yourself on those shots, Jus. They do it too you every time.\" She got up and made her bed like every morning before making her way to the front of the trailer and starting on breakfast. The crackling bacon and the smell of fresh biscuits filled the airstream and caused Justin to be a little nauseated as she slowly made her way to the front. Oakley sat down some oatmeal in front of her and nodded. \"It won't be as hard to eat that. Also won't hurt coming up.\" She giggled as she sat down the bacon and biscuits before grabbing some herself and mixing up some Golden Eagle syrup and butter to pour over her biscuits. Justin decided she would do the dishes and then go get a shower leaving Oakley up front by herself. She stared at her guitar for a while before picking it up and playing the \"Airstream Song\" by Miranda Lambert. She smiled the whole time she sang it till a knock came at the door. She stopped suddenly and got up to answer it a little disheveled and kind of hesitant to let this visitor see her like this. She opened the door to see Beau standing there. \"Why hey there stranger? You're up early this morning.\" She grinned and motioned for him to come in. \"Well I figured since it's Sunday there would be some famous Gunn homemade cooking here.\" He spoke as he stooped down to step into the camper and removed his hat before smiling down at her. \"Why of course there is! It may not be Grammy's kinda Sunday morning breakfast but it taste almost as good!\" She smiled back at him before show him to the bacon and biscuits that still sat on the table. \"Now you just sit down here and eat all you want and I'm gonna go get dressed.\" She watched him sit down and got him a plate before making her way back to the bedroom to find it in some what of a mess and shaking her head tidying it up a bit and then putting on a flannel shirt and blue jeans and tying her hair back in a loose side ponytail. She smiled into the mirror before slipping on those turquoise boots and walking back to the front to see Beau washing his plate in the soapy water Justin had left. \"Well aren't you just little Betty Homemaker.\" She joked with him before putting away the left over biscuits and bacon. \"Hey, now you keep joking around and I won't take you where I planned to take you today.\" She giggled and stared at him with a scared look on her face. \"I'm shaking in my boots.\" \"Alright smartass keep pushing it.\" He smiled a joking grin at her as he dried off his hands. \"I heard you playing in here before I knocked didn't think you did it anymore.\" \"I don't not in front of anyone anyway.\" She blushed and looked down at her boots rubbing the toes of them together. \"Well you should. I'm sure everyone would like it.\" \"Naw, Justin's the star not me.\" She walked out of the trailer with Beau right behind her, she turned and locked the door before yelling back at into the trailer in the direction of Justin who had climbed back into bed. \"We'll be back later Justin! Don't sleep all day!\" She slammed the door hoping to get a rise out of Justin but heard no movement in the airstream. She climbed into the waiting truck with Beau and rode off with him in a direction she was unfamiliar with. \"So where we going?\" \"It's a surprise.\" \"Well that's no fun, Beau. I hate surprises.\" \"I know, that's why I'm keeping it a surprise.\" He smiled at her and turned up the radio as they drove into the countryside of California listening to Cassadee Pope's Champagne. Beau drove up to a ranch and parked the truck. \"Well here we are.\" Oakley's eyes widened with excitement at the sight of all the horses in front of her out in the pasture. \"Beau Hutton, you sneaky devil you! Are we going riding?\" \"Yeah, I figured you missed it.\" She smiled at him and blushed a bit, \"I have been, thank you.\" They climbed out of the truck and into the barn where a man shook hands with Beau. \"Hey Brad, hows it been?\" \"Good, got things ready for you to start on that fence yesterday.\" \"Sounds good, I'll be here early Monday, mind if we take two of the horses out for a little ride.\" \"Naw, go ahead.\" Brad was as tall as Beau but had dark hair and green eyes that were as bright as Beau's blue ones. He looked like he had once been a body builder at one time with all the muscles that stood out from under his long sleeve shirt. \"This is Oakley, she used to help her daddy on their ranch out in Georgia but decided to become a traveling musician with her younger sister.\" He nodded and held out his hand to her and Oakley returned the favor. \"Nice to meet you miss.\" \"Nice to meet you too, you have some beauties here, makes me miss home.\" \"Well thank you. I take pride in each one we raise. Try to take time up with each of them.\" He nodded again and waved as he headed out of the big barn doors and into a small shed. Beau and Oakley walked through the stalls and picked out two horses for them too ride. Oakley choosing a pretty tri-colored paint with a black mane and brown spots all over it's mostly white coat. Which differed from Beau's palomino he picked out. They both kinda matched Beau's dirty blonde hair and that palomino's dirty blonde color and sandy blonde mane. She giggled at the sight as they saddled up the horses and head out onto the trails. They rode forever it seemed but headed back to the stables at dusk. The unsaddled the horses and brushed them, cleaned their hooves and put them back in their stalls before Beau went to find them some apples. They told waved bye to Brad before pulling out of the space where Beau had parked and headed back to the airstream to find an empty trailer and the truck gone. \"Wonder where Jus went?\" Oakley questioned before opening up the door with her key and walking inside. \"No telling where she went,\" Beau said, \"She is like you goes whatever direction the wind blows.\" \"You make it sound like we're a couple of tumbleweeds.\" She turned around to stare at him her hands on her hips and her boots tapping against the floor. He shut the door and wrapped his arms around her, \"Well, if you two are then so am I. I reckon I tumbled right along till I planted roots here.\" \"I reckon so.\" Oakley started cooking up some spaghetti because she knew it would be easy to make and served up a plate to Beau and made herself one before getting a shower and putting on her night clothes. \"I wonder where Justin is?\" She said as she walked out putting her hair in a bun on the top of her head. \"Ain't no telling, Oaky.\" Beau said from his spot on the couch. \"Well I guess I'll leave the food out for her when she gets home,\" she sat down next to him on the couch and rested her head on his shoulder, \"thank you, for today. Made me think of home and the horses we have.\" \"Your welcome, I knew you would like it.\" Oakley yawned and blushed a bit as she covered her mouth, \"I guess you wore me out today, Beau.\" \"Looks that way.\" He chuckled and watched her as she walked back to the bedroom before walking back after her.[Chapter 4] Her head was pounding, the pain so bad that she could literally see a throbbing behind her eyes. Usually Oakley would have come back and made sure she was awake before she left, but her sister must have been in somewhat of a hurry. She closed her eyes, throwing her arm over the bridge of her nose to try and block out some of the light that was streaming through the windows, a groan passing through her lips. After another thirty minutes of laying there just trying to rid herself of the building headache that refused to go away, her phone started to blare \"Hell on Heels\", making her jump and fumble around for the device. Upon finding it, she answered in a slightly aggravated tone. \"Hangover central, how can I help you?\" The familiar laugh on the other line caused her to gasp, her eyes widening as she tried to figure out how he got her number. \"Damn girl, it sounds like you're doin' as bad as I am, today. Jana just about kicked my ass last night because I was so drunk, and my producer just about kicked it today because I'm so hungover.\" As if he could see her through the phone, she started to comb out her hair with her fingers, a smile appearing on her lips. \"Why, Mister Gilbert, how did you get my phone number?\" She could hear the smirk in his voice as he replied, his tone dripping with a secret. \"I have my sources, Miss Gunn. I was actually callin' to apologize about last night. I shouldn't have run off the way I did, and I was wonderin' if I could make it up to you by bringin' you into the studio with me today?\" Her eyes widened even further as she heard his question, a squeal of excitement leaving her lips before she could stop it. Hearing his laugh once more, she cleared her throat and answered in as calm a manner as she could. \"Uhh, yeah, sure. I would love to come to the studio with you.\" His reply was quick, as if he was excited as well. \"Alright, you need a ride, or you wanna meet me here in an hour?\" Quick on her feet, she looked toward the kitchen, seeing the truck keys before answering. \"I can meet you there in an hour. Oak left the truck with me today. She went out with Beau and left me hangin', so it's nice to have somethin' to do.\" She could hear him talking to someone in the background before he answered her, hearing her name thrown into the conversation. \"Alright, girl. I'll see you then. Be careful, alright?\" With that, he hung up, leaving her with only thirty minutes to get ready. As soon as she put her phone down, she jumped out of bed, downing three Ibuprofin before dragging her ass into the bathroom and showering as quickly as possible. Once she was out, she blow dried her blonde hair, not even bothering with straightening it, because it was as straight as could be anyway, before she moved on to applying light and quick makeup. With all of that out of the way, she dug through her tiny closet, bringing out a cropped black tank top that showed off her bare midriff. Donning a black lace bra and matching panties, she threw on the tank top and her favorite paid of cutoff jeans, the ones that were just too damn short, but too sexy not to wear. On the way out, she slipped on her red cowboy boots, the color working well with her ensemble. With one last look around to make sure she had everything, patting down her pockets to check for her phone and keys, she walked out the door in a hurry, sure that she was going to be a little late. Around fifty seven minutes after Brantley called, Justin Gunn pulled into the parking lot of the studio where he recorded, her truck coming to a halt in a parking place next to his own. She spotted him outside, a cigarette in his mouth, and a smile crept over her lips. Making sure that she still looked perfect, she climbed out of the truck and strode across the parking lot, watching him notice her in the distance. The look on his face was priceless, a mixture between pure lust and genuine surprise, probably because she was early. Looking to his friend and saying something that she couldn't hear, Brantley made his way over to her, the way he walked nearly making her mouth water. \"Damn, girl. You really dress for the hot weather, huh?\" Smiling, she looked down at herself and shrugged. \"I just wanted to be comfortable. Surely you can understand that?\" He chuckled, shrugging his shoulders before jerking his head in the direction of his friend waiting by the truck, whom she immediately recognized as Colt Ford. \"C'mon, I want you to meet someone. I been braggin' about that voice of yours all day long and he really wants to hear it.\" Her eyes were wide as she chewed on her bottom lip. \"You want me to meet Colt Ford?\" He chuckled, nodding his head slowly. \"Hey Jason, this is Justin Gunn, the girl I was tellin' you about. The one who sings so damn good… Well, her and her sister, Oakley.\" Colt Ford nodded his head at her, a smile on his face. \"Brantley's pretty taken by you, Miss Gunn. He ain't been able to shut the hell up about you all damn day long. My name's Jason, and it's nice to meet ya. Why don't you come on in here and show me what ya got?\" Hearing his words sent a chill down her spine, a smile creeping up over her lips before she nodded her head. \"I would love to, Jason. Now, what were you saying about Brantley not being able to shut up about me?\" She turned her head to Brantley, winking as she put her arm in Colt Ford's to be escorted inside. Upon entering the studio, she was led into a room and showed some song lyrics, her eyes scanning over them quickly before they lit up. \"You want me to sing your hook?\" Jason nodded his head, Brantley smiling at his left. \"Now, get in there and show Mister Ford here what you got.\" Making her way into the booth, she looked over the lyrics once more, after hearing Brantley sing the tune a few times. It was now or never, time to prove that she could be the famous country star her daddy always told her she could be. As the music flooded through her ear phones, she sang the hook, and in one take, it was perfect. Five minutes after walking into the booth, she was walking out into the whoops and hollers of Brantley Gilbert and Cold Ford. \"Damn girl! You blew that away! My boy here was right about you!\" She smiled, looking to Brantley and mouthing the words 'Thank you'. He shook his head as if to say 'No problem', before speaking to Jason. \"I think I'm gonna take this girl out for a much needed celebratory lunch. You wanna come?\" Hearing the question, Colt Ford shook his head with a devious smile on his face. \"Naw, y'all go ahead. I'll see you back here later.\" Walking arm and arm with Brantley, she made her way to her truck and stopped there, climbing in slowly. He cleared his throat, rubbing his hand over the back of his head before nodding it and heading toward his truck, calling back over his shoulder. \"I'll meet you there, Justin.\" And with that, they were off toward their destination. As they pulled into a little diner off of the highway, Justin put her truck into park and pulled the keys from the ignition before climbing out and slamming the door. This diner had to be old, because it was right next door to one of those old pay by the hour motels. She waited on Brantley to meet her at the door before walking in. It didn't take them long to decide what they wanted and order. The rest of the time was spent talking about their childhoods. \"My grammy always taught Oaky and I to be proper women… It stuck to Oak more than it did to me, I guess. My Daddy has been tellin' me since I was a little girl that I was gonna be a famous country singer.\" Brantley smiled as he took a bite of his burger, nodding his head. \"I believe him. Justin, you got one of the prettiest voices I ever heard, and you and your sister can pull off a harmony better than anyone's business. You two got a better chance than any of us at bein' famous.\" Her eyes widened as she let out a small chuckle. \"Yeah right! You already got CD's out with your name, and your voice on 'em. People love you… Especially women.\" He rolled his eyes, taking a drink of his beer. \"Yeah, women fall all over me. I hate that, man, I really do. Jana gets all jealous, and I just get pissed off at her. That's why she was bein' the way she was last night with you, and you weren't even fallin' all over my feet.\" Justin shrugged, looking up into his eyes before pulling her phone from her pocket. \"I gotta go call Oakley and let her know what I'm doin'. I'll be right back.\" Walking out of the diner, she pulled her phone from her pocket, but before she could even make the call, she felt his arms around her. Turning in his grasp, her eyes widened and she let out a gasp as she felt his lips molding to hers. With a deep moan, she wrapped her arms around his neck, pressing herself to him. She whined as he pulled away, but she listened to his every word as he spoke. \"I'm sorry… I just had to do that…\" She shook her head, a smile on her face. \"Don't ever apologize for kissin' me.\" With that, her arms were around his shoulders, and he was pushing her up against the door of his truck. It didn't take long for them to climb inside, and in no time at all, the windows were fogged up. A few hours later and a kiss goodbye, Justin was on her way home, driving at speeds that were pushing their old truck to it's limits. When she pulled up at the Airstream, she quickly jumped out of the car and ran inside, smiling at Oakley and Beau and she passed, then went straight to bed, falling asleep as she texted the man she was falling madly in love with.[Chapter 5] Oakley sat on the couch with Beau half asleep when Justin walked in looking rather unusual in Oakley's opinion. She got up and felt Beau grab her wrist and turned around to snatch it from him giving him a quite menacing look. She stomped her way back to the bedroom and began her tirade. \"Justin Charlene Gunn! Where on earth have you been? I've been worried sick about you, you can't be going out and not calling anybody or letting anybody know your ok!\" \"Oaky it's ok I'm alive ain't I.\" Justin fired back as she stared at the wall and glanced down at her phone she had decided to lay beside her for some strange reason. \"Yeah, thank the lord you are! You come in like that again though and you won't be! Next time call somebody got it!\" Oakley stomped back out shaking her head and glanced at the couch realizing Beau wasn't there anymore. She walked out the door wondering why he hadn't said good bye. She was stopped by the sight of him standing at the door as she opened it with two fishing poles. \"You up for some fishing before we head to the bar tonight?\" \"I reckon so. It might keep me awake and give me some energy for tonight.\" She giggled as she jumped in his truck her ponytail flapping in the breeze of the open window as they road off towards a little pond Beau had found in his explorations of this little town. They sat on the bank and laughed and talked in between catching fish and making a competition of it. Oakley reeled in her third fish as Beau reeled in his naked hook. \"Seems like you ain't to talented at fishing Beau Hutton. You should probably stick to singing and let me do all the wildlife related adventures.\" She giggled as he nudged her a bit causing her to rock to one side. \"I can't help it them worms you picked out don't like my hook.\" He chuckled and smiled at her as he baited his hook again while she was taking her latest catch off the hook. She looked over to watch him bait his hook, and giggled at the sight. \"Well for one you ain't baiting it right. If you use half a worm it works better and it can't wiggle it's way free.\" \"You know I would ask how you know so much about fishing but I already know. Your daddy was one of the best fishermen in the county after all, won more tournaments than most folks can't count on their hands.\" \"Yep he taught me everything I know.\" She smiled across the pond letting her eyes watch the bobber sit in the middle of the mirror of water and Beau's right next to it. She began to hum \"Fishing in the Dark\" and soon after Beau started in as well and they soon started singing it till Oakley caught yet another fish and dragged it in. Beau watched slightly aggravated at the sight as he dragged his line in, he watched her put that fish on the line with the others she had caught and smiled before thinking that terrible thought of his. A devilish smirk crossed his face and he wrapped his arms around her waist and lifted her off the ground and walked into the pond carrying her and ducking her into it laughing so hard he began to slip around on the clay bottom. When Oakley re-emerged above the water she glared at Beau and wiped the loose hairs out of her face spitting water in between her curse words. \"Beau Hutton! I oughta drowned you right here and now!\" She watched as his laughter grew louder and smiled herself. \"Oh you think it's funny well I think this is funny!\" She pushed him causing him to lose his footing and fall under the water, her laughter echoed off the woods that surrounded them and her laughter grew strong as Beau re-emerged and smiled at her shaking his head trying to dry his hair some. The climbed their way out of the pond and laid on the bank feeling the sun dry them. Oakley reached over and grabbed Beau's hand, lacing her fingers between his. \"Well looks like our fishing has went South for the winter today.\" She giggled as she saw him smile at her and began humming \"Fishing in the Dark\" one more time before they dried off a bit and loaded everything up. They went their separate ways once Beau dropped Oakley off both heading to get ready to head to the bar. Oakley still kinda mad at Justin's carelessness and how she let Oakley stay up all night worrying about her. They all met back at the bar and prepared to sing them a few songs. The bar manager walked over to the three as they sat at the table. \"You two ladies have brought quite a crowd tonight, what do you to being on the set list as your own act right after Beau here?\" Justin jumped with excitement and Oakley blushed a bit but before she could even answer Justin beat her to the punch. \"Yes, yes! That would be amazing, thank you sir!\" he smiled and walked away after shaking both of their hands and telling them they would have three songs in their set, but tonight it would be cut down to two because of a special guest. The band began to play and Oakley, Justin, and Beau turned their attention to the stage to see none other than Chiles Stanton there in front of them. Oakley saw Chiles eyes immediately land on Beau and she grabbed his hand tightly a little shaken at what would happen when Chiles set was over and Beau's would begin. Chiles that bubblegum song of hers \"Summer Girl,\" and smiled in Beau's direction as he made his way to the stage. \"Everybody please welcome my dear friend, Beau Hutton to the stage and thank you for being such an amazing audience.\" She smiled and laid a kiss on Beau's cheek as they met on the stage and Oakley watched Justin immediately jumped up but was stopped by Oakley's firm grasp on her wrist. \"Oaky did you see what she just did!\" \"I know Justin, I'll handle. We ain't gonna make a show about it though. That's the last thing we need.\" \"But Oaky! She just kissed Beau!\" \"She's just trying to get a rise out of me, I'll handle it now put your face on and smile she's coming this way.\" \"Hey ladies how are you!\" Chiles said as she bounced around on her toes, acting as if she hadn't done anything. \"We're fine, Chiles and you?\" Oakley spoke back trying to beat Justin too the punch. \"Well that's good.I've been good wondering where Beau has been all this time. He ain't been home in a while.\" She shot back staring at Oakley specifically. Oakley's eyes narrowed as she stared back but unfortunately Justin decided to speak first this time. \"He's been with my sister, his Girlfriend, you bouffant debutant wanna be.\" Chile's glare narrowed at Justin but was interrupted by Oakley. \"Now, Justin you be nice to our guest. Chiles beau has been staying with me, he is a fan of the airstream.\" \"I'm sure, that's not all he is a fan of.\" Beau walked over about that time and put his hands on Oakley's shoulders. The band was in need of a break between sets. So the jukebox began to play while they all got a beer and Beau called for his. \"It's not all I'm a fan of. I told you a long time ago Chiles we were sharing the apartment, doesn't mean we're together, we're just splitting the rent.\" Chiles jaw dropped as Justin burst into to laughter. \"Seems like someone is stuck in their glory days! Look honey, Beau don't want some girl that can't bait her own hook or skin a deer. He wants a real country girl not a wanna be like you.\" \"Justin! That's enough. Chiles, I'm sorry but Beau is my boyfriend now and your just gonna have to get used to that. You had your chance and you lost it just like you lost your career. I'll pray for you though honey, I really will and I hope that all your dreams come true but this man will not be a part of them.\" Oakley and Justin stood to go play their set, Oakley's cotton dress swirled around her as she turned around to kiss Beau and walk away her boots clicking on the wood floor all the way to stage as she followed Justin. They sang \"Traveling Soldier\" by Dixie Chicks and \"Amen\" by Eden's Edge before saying their good nights and heading out the back of the bar. Oakley rode with Beau back to the airstream in the silence of his truck which Oakley quickly broke. \"I'm sorry.\" \"Sorry for what Oaky?\" \"The way I acted back there it wasn't right.\" He chuckled and grabbed her arm pulling her across the seat to sit next to him and wrapped his arm around her. \"Hey I would have done it if one of your crazy ex boyfriends would have walked up to me the way she did.\" She leaned into him kissing the stubble on his jaw and resting her head on his shoulder. \"I still should have saved face better than what I did.\" \"Naw, I like a girl that fights for what's hers.\" he chuckled again and kissed the top of her head as he pulled in behind Justin at the trailer park.[Chapter 6] After the fight with that little hussy, Chiles, Justin was tired and ready to go to bed, but unfortunately for her, she had made plans for a little late night rendezvous with the man who sets her heart aflutter. After pulling into the trailer park, she went into the airstream and turned a movie on the tv, waiting for Oakley and Beau to go to sleep. About an hour into the movie, she knew that her sister was asleep. She wasn't sure about Beau, but at this point she was late and couldn't really wait any longer. Turning the tv off, she grabbed her house keys and headed out the door. They made plans to meet at a small tree just a little ways away from the trailer park, so it didn't take her long to make the walk. As he pulled into the parking lot, she walked to his truck and slid in, looking around his truck before they pulled out of the parking lot. As he heard her get in, his head turned towards her, a big smile on his face. \"Hey, baby. You look beautiful, as always.\" Hearing his new pet name for her always put a smile on her face, which he soon interrupted by placing his lips over it. Their kiss was a long one, a short moan slipping into his mouth from deep within her throat as she wrapped her arms tightly around his neck. \"Mmm, I'm sorry it took me so long to get here. Oakley and Beau took forever to go to sleep…\" Brantley shook his head, pinching the bridge of his nose between his thumb and forefinger. \"You shouldn't have to be sneakin' around, Justin. I shouldn't even be askin' you to do this. You're an awesome girl, Justin Gunn… And you deserve a man who ain't engaged to someone else.\" Biting her bottom lip, she sighed and nodded her head, a single tear falling from her eyes. \"Then how about we make the most of our last night together?\" There was a small hotel a little ways from the trailer park, and that was where they headed. He had her check into the hotel, knowing that if he was to do it, he would be recognized and this little meeting would get around to everyone. As they walked into the room, they held hands, looking on the outside like the normal couple that they longed to be. As they entered the room, he turned to her and gave her a shy smile, making her heart pound harder in her chest. \"I wanna do right by you, Jus… And I wanna do right by Jana. I don't want this to be our last night together, but I want it to be our last night together like this… The way you make me feel… I ain't never felt like this with her, Jus. The first time I ever laid eyes on you, I knew that you were gonna be my downfall. The way you hold yourself, and your confidence is just a sight to behold, one that I wanna be lookin' at for a long time.\" Her eyes filled with water, and she looked up at him, not knowing what to say, but speaking anyway. \"Are you tryin' to tell me that you wanna make an honest woman outta me, Brantley Gilbert? I don't want to be the reason that you and Jana break up… I don't wanna be known as a home wrecker, even though I guess that's what I really am…\" He took her face between his hands, shaking his head as he kissed her hard on the lips. \"You ain't no home wrecker, Justin Gunn… You're the girl who stole my heart, and I wanna be with you. If Jana loves me the way she says she does, she'll be happy that I'm happy.\" His words meant so much to her, bringing her to a happy place that she had never quite been to before. As tears poured from her eyes, he wiped them away with his thumbs before she felt her lips being pulled up to meet his once more. This kiss was without a doubt the most passionate kiss she had ever shared with anyone in her life, and what followed gave the kiss a run for it's money. She knew she didn't have a long time, but as they lay there in the rented bed, covered in a thin sheen of sweat, panting hard, and spent, she couldn't help but snuggle into him. As they lay there, conversation drifted off to what was going to happen between them, and she felt better about what he said. \"I'm just gonna have to break it to Jana that she ain't the girl for me. I'm gonna try to leave you out of it, Jus… But she's gonna know. She ain't stupid. Ever since I met you, I've been happier than I've been in a long time… If somethin' happens and she comes at you, just walk away, baby. I know it'll be hard, but you're gonna have to do it. I just hope that she knows better than to come at a girl like you.\" She smiled, nuzzling his bare chest as she snuggled tighter into him. \"I'll be the bigger woman and walk away. I don't want to hurt the girl any more than I already have.\" He nodded his head, kissing the top of her's gently before shifting to get out of the bed. \"I gotta get you home before that sister of yours wakes up and kicks my ass… I'll talk to Jana when the time's right. I promise, Justin… I'm gonna do right by you.\" It didn't take her long to get dressed, and after they were both ready and shared a few more stolen kisses, they were climbing into his truck and on their way back to the trailer park. Upon pulling up, she leaned over to his side of the truck, kissing his lips passionately before turning and climbing out. On the way up to the airstream, she felt like she was being watched, and when she looked up, she realized why. Standing right outside her front door, smoking a cigarette, was none other than Beau Hutton. With wide eyes, she nearly halted her step, realizing that she was caught. Seeing the look on his face, she let out a heavy sigh and walked onward, readying herself for the ass chewing of a lifetime from someone who thought of himself as her big brother.[Chapter 7] This chapter contains some content that may show a different side of me and my beliefs and well as my character, Oakley. In no way shape or form do I condone what she and Beau discuss in this chapter but it gives a good back story to their relationship. Please keep an open mind as you read and don't hate Oakley for what she has done in her past. It is just part of her background and believe me she beats herself up about it everyday, just like I beat myself up everyday about writing this bit, but hey gotta make it interesting otherwise we wouldn't have a good story! lol Beau's POV Beau exhaled sharply as he threw his cigarette down and approached Justin. \"What the hell do you think your doin', Justin.\" \"None of your business, Beau Hutton! You're not my daddy.\" \"You better be happy I'm out here and not Oakley. She would have ripped you both a new one.\" Justin hung her head and began to cry, Beau shook his head before wrapping his arms around her, \"Don't worry about it, Justin. Just get inside and get to bed. It'll all be alright in the morning.\" \"No it won't Beau. I love him, and he loves me and.. and.\" Her sobs began to wrack her body as he continued to hold her. \"It'll be ok, Justin. You two we straighten it out. I promise you, you and Oaky are the strongest girls I know, you'll make it through this. I know you will.\" She continued to sob into his shirt as he patted her back and rolled his eyes a bit feeling just as tired as she was. \"Come on, kid. Dry those tears and get inside before Oakley comes out here and see you like this.\" Beau and Brantley sat their while the Jana, Justin and Oakley stood on stage singing \"Girls like Us\" by the Pistol Annies. They were both having a smoke and drinking a beer watching them, till Beau shook his head and finally broke the awkward silence between them. \"I know, Brantley.\" \"Know what?\" \"I was outside when you dropped Justin off last night. I know.\" Beau put out his cigarette and took another sip of his beer hanging his head a bit. \"What are you going to do man. You can't keep doing this to that girl.\" 'I know man, Justin don't deserve it.\" \"I mean Jana. I know Justin loves you so does Oaky, it's pretty off, but the girl is practically fresh outta high school. Oakley'll kill her if she founds out she's the reason you and Jana called it quits.\" \"Yeah I know, man. Justin is just, wow, I don't even know how to explain it. Ever since you had us all up there on stage and heard that voice of hers I've had my eye on her. Oakley is gonna kill me once she finds out.\" \"You're damn right she is ain't I damn sure ain't gonna have your back when that happens. Oakley is a little fire cracker and might as well be Justin's momma the way she looks out for her.\" \"Man, I don't know what I'm gonna do. I wanna do right by them both but I've never wanted someone as bad as I want that girl.\" Brantley looked up and smiled at the stage seeing both Justin and Jana both smile back near tore his heart in two. \"You know the first time was in my truck. That girl deserves better than all this sneaking around and looking over her shoulder to see if Oakley or someone else is watching. She deserves someone who loves her.\" \"Trucks seem to a be theme with those two. Was mine and Oakley's first spot too. Senior year, one of the best and worst times I ever had with her. I don't know what to do for ya, man. I've been in your position before. I've done some pretty shitty stuff in my life but I have no clue what to do for ya.\" \"Well, that makes me feel better, Beau. I already feel bad enough, I don't know how I'm gonna straighten this shit out.\" He hung his head and took another sip of his beer tracing the sweat ring it had left on the table. \"Look man the only way you're gonna straighten it out is by telling the truth. You either stay with Jana or go after Justin. Either way you're gonna lose one way or the other.\" \"Yeah I know.\" The girls finished their song and thanked the crowd before making their way back to the table Beau and Brantley stood at. Beau wrapped his arm around Oakley's shoulder and pulled her into him, his eyes never leaving Brantley's. Brantley nodded at him and grabbed Jana's hand, \"Come on, we need to talk.\" Beau saw the heartbreak in Brantley's eyes and in Jana's as well. She already knew what this talk was going to be. He kissed the top of Oakley's head and rub his hand up and down her arm. Oakley's POV Oakley was still a little pissed at her sister as she continued to fight her headache that had continued from earlier. She knew Justin deserved every bit of what she just got but of piece of her really wanted to stand up for her sister more than she did. Daddy would have, daddy wouldn't have cared what she did. What either of them did, he loved them with all his heart and them girls loved him right back. She continued to lean on Beau the whole ride to his apartment thinking about everything that had just happened and wondering how exactly she should act towards Justin the next day. She saw the form of Justin in her mind with her tears rolling down her face and immediately felt her pain. Remembering the pain she had felt so long ago herself. They walked into Beau's apartment and she watched him sigh at the disheveled look it had from where Chiles had decided to move out after the other night. They read the note she left with her key and giggled a bit before heading into the bedroom. They looked around at the trail of mess Chiles had left behind and smiled at the fact that they had the apartment to themselves. \"Well she sure left this place in a mess didn't she?\" Beau joked. \"I think she was more leaving in a hurry than a mess.\" Oakley joked back as she wrapped her arms around him feeling him wrap his arms around her before they sat down on the bed and just talked about the nights events. Beau went to get a shower as Oakley snuggled into the bed and quickly began to doze. She woke up when Beau climbed into the bed and felt him pull her into him and fell back asleep with a smile on her face. Oakley kept repeating the same bad dream over and over after seeing Beau that first time. She tried her best to forget what had happened in the past but it crept into her mind upon seeing him again. She abruptly sat up, drenched in sweat with tears streaming down her face. She rubbed over her stomach and looked in the queen size bed next to her to see Beau laying there. The pain of the memories she had kept hidden from everyone was eating her alive now that she was beside him again. She snuck out of bed and into the bedroom to splash some cool water on her face but found herself sitting in the floor sobbing about the nightmare. \"What's wrong, Oakley?\" Beau's scantily clad body stood in the doorway of the bathroom he stared down at her crying form. \"I'm fine, Beau. Go back to bed.\" \"You're fine? You don't look fine to me.\" He sat down next to her. \"Just leave me alone.\" \"You're sitting in my bathroom floor crying and expect me to leave you here? What's wrong Oak? You know you can tell me.\" \"Will it get you to leave me alone?\" \"It might.\" \"I had a bad dream ok? Now will you please just go.\" She sunk lower to the floor as she began to sob more, unable to look at him knowing it would just make her feel worse. \"Tell me about it.\" \"I don't want to, Beau.\" \"Well, guess I'm not leaving then.\" Oakley slammed her fist into the cheap linoleum floor of the bathroom. \"You just won't let nothing go will you, Beau Hutton.\" \"Oakley Gunn is sitting here crying hysterically in a bathroom. Do you expect me to just let that go?\" \"Fine, She leaned against the wall with him, still unable to look at him. \"I've had the same dream just about every night since I saw you the other day. It's about what happened-.\" She stopped and turned to him. \"I saw it, Beau. I saw the baby.\" She burst into tears again at that point throwing herself into his chest. Beau threw his arms around her knowing exactly what she was talking about. The night they grew up faster than they were ready for. \"Last in Love\" by George Strait played on the radio and like any couple of teenagers on a Saturday night they found themselves caught up in the passion that neither truly understood. A year after they graduated, and right before Oakley was getting ready to go to college, she found out she was pregnant, neither of them had a decent job. Beau's at the time was playing on the weekends at The Stage and it wasn't much of a job at that point and working at the local restaurant as a bus boy. Oakley was preparing to go to school, not set on it but wanting to do it to make her daddy happy and so she didn't have to listen to Cheryl tell her how she wasn't going to be worth anything like she had always done. She was scared to death when she told Beau she was pregnant. She didn't know what to do and neither did he. A few weeks later Oakley decided to have an abortion, she couldn't look at herself and dreaded telling Beau, so she wrote him a letter and left it. That was when she decided she was going to travel, mainly wanting to leave town and not wanting to look at Beau. She moved out of town and came back when Justin graduated but only to hook up to the airstream and set off on their journey. It ate her up inside knowing it and seeing Beau again sparked that memory like a bunch of coals with lighter fluid on them. \"It's ok, Oakley. What's done is done, we can't undo it.\" \"It's a big deal! I lost her, Beau, and I'll have to live with that everyday of my life.\" \"You won't have to deal with it alone, I'll be here with you, like I would have been then. You just have to stop being so damn stubborn and let someone be there for you.\" He rocked her back and forth letting her continue to sob and finally feeling her tears dry and her head nod. \"We can't all depend on you and you have no one to depend on ya know, Atlanta wasn't built by one man.\" \"I guess your right. I'm sorry, Beau.\" \"It's ok, we weren't ready, Oak, you didn't do anything wrong.\" He lifted her off the floor and carried her back to his bed. She laid her head on his chest with tears still rolling down her cheek as he played with her hair. Oakley felt a release in that moment knowing she had finally gotten the biggest secret and mistake she had made off her chest.[Chapter 8] Brantley's POV As he grabbed Jana by the hand and tugged her away, he could feel sweat beading up in his palms, his stomach getting a queasy feeling from what he was about to do. He could feel her nerves radiating off of her, and by the time they reached the back of the bar, he could tell she was about to explode. Without warning, he watched as she spun on him, her eyes wide and brimming with tears \"How far has it gone, Brantley?\" Hearing her words, he narrowed his eyes and canted his head. \"What do you mean, Jana?\" As a single tear flowed from her eye, she crossed her arms over her chest, her foot tapping rhythmically on the ground. \"With Justin. I'm not stupid, Brantley. I want to know how far it's gone between the two of you.\" Pinching the bridge of his nose between his thumb and forefinger, he turned around and sighed before rubbing the back of his head with his hands. \"Jana, I didn't want to hurt you. I didn't wanna hurt anybody, but I can't help the way I feel about this girl. Ever since I met her, I've known that I want to be with her. I love you, Jana, I really do… But I can't help the way I feel about Justin.\" She narrowed her eyes, glaring at him before speaking once more, a bit louder this time. \"I didn't ask how you feel! I asked if you have had sex with her!\" Sighing, he closed his eyes and looked at her with a pained expression. \"Yeah, I did. I'm sorry, Jana. I know that don't mean nothin', but I'm sor—\" She held her hand up, silencing him before closing her eyes to stop the tears from falling. \"She is nasty, Brantley! You can tell by looking at her that she's been around! She acts like a good little southern girl, but she isn't!\" Tilting his head to the right, he spoke in an agitated tone. \"Jana, she was a virgin. She ain't nasty, and she ain't dirty.\" Once again, she held her hand up to silence him before shaking her head. He watched as she pulled her engagement ring from her finger, catching it as she flung it at his face. \"Whatever, Brantley. You're a cheater… But that little home wrecker needs to have a good stern talking to!\" He tried to grab her arm, hell, to grab anything to stop her, but it was too late. Jana walked with a purpose, well, ran with a purpose, all the way back into the main room, looking like she could fall over in those wobbly heels. It didn't take her long to spot Justin's blonde hair, and Brantley ran after her. He wasn't quite quick enough, though, because before he knew it, Jana had spun Justin around and slapped her right across the face. Justin's POV She was laughing and having a good time with Oakley and Beau, but out of nowhere, Beau's laughter stopped, causing her to begin to turn around. About that time was when she felt those thin little fingers close around her bicep, her eyes widening as she was struck hard in the face by the palm of Jana's hand. She nearly choked as this set in, her eyes narrowing as she stood there holding her red cheek. Oakley's eyes were wide, her jaw nearly sitting on top of the table, and Brantley was standing behind with an equally shocked expression. The curse words to yell at her were on the tip of her tongue, but she looked up to Brantley before she could utter them, her eyes widening as she remembered that she told him that she would walk away. True to her word, Justin turned away from Jana, gathering up her things on an empty chair before she was once more stopped dead in her tracks. \"Don't turn away from me you dirty little skank!\" Oakley stared at Beau for a minute before turning her attention back to Jana and Justin, \"Watch your mouth about my sister, Jana Kramer. She ain't no skank.\" Justin shook her head at Oakley, biting her bottom lip as tears formed in her lower lids. \"Naw, Oak… I deserved that. The slap... All of it.\" Brantley grabbed Jana by the arm, hoping to pull her away, but she jerked her arm away from him. \"Don't touch me, you cheating bastard!\" He took that like a slap to the face as well, but Justin didn't have time to dwell on that, because once again, Jana was on her like white on rice. \"Why do you have to go after someone else's man, huh? Why couldn't you have got your own, you little home wrecker?!\" Oakley's eyes went wide as she stared at Jana and her sister and then at Brantley, she rubbed her forehead trying to force the headache that was forming back to where it came from, \"Jus, please tell me she is lying.\" She looked up and crossed her arms across her chest as she glared at Brantley. Justin shook her head, biting her bottom lip before turning to look at Brantley. \"Naw, she ain't lyin', Oakley. If you gotta blame anyone, blame me, not Justin.\" His tone was soft as Justin watched him walk over to her, his thumbs wiping the tears away from her cheeks. She shook her head at him, basically telling him that now wasn't the time, and he understood. Glancing toward Jana, she nodded her head slowly. \"I'm real sorry, Jana.\" Oakley shook her head and walked over to stare at Jana, \"Alright you got your licks in now it's time for you to go home and leave Justin alone. She feels bad enough as it is.\" She glared at Brantley and Justin as she walked back over to Beau and sat down. Justin cleared her throat, watching as Jana stood and glared at her for a bit longer, then watching as she made a hasty retreat. Brantley wrapped his arms around her, leaning in to whisper in her ear. \"I'm so sorry, baby… Are you okay? Did she hurt you? Damn, I didn't know she was gonna hit you... This is all my fault, and I'm so sorry. I just wanted to do right by you, Jus.\" Just a few seconds later, Jana came wandering back over to the table, picking up her purse and cell phone that she had left, throwing a look over at Brantley and Justin. \"Really? I'm only gone a minute and you're already snuggling into that whore?! You can come get your stuff from our apartment later, Brantley. Make sure you leave the trash at home.\" Justin bit back a remark, swallowing it down, which left a foul taste in her mouth as Brantley looked up, an angry look on his features. \"Alright, Jana! That's enough, dammit! You got your point across, now leave it alone!\" Justin looked up as Jana narrowed her eyes at him, turning to walk out of the bar once more. Sniffling, Justin looked up to Brantley, unable to look Oakley in the eyes. \"Can you take me home, please? I… I just want to go to bed.\" He looked over at Beau, giving him an apologetic nod of his head before smiling down at Justin, trying to be comforting. \"Yeah, baby. I'll take you home.\" Nodding her head, she grabbed her things from the table, not saying anything to her sister as she walked out of the bar, Brantley on her heels. Climbing into his truck, she finally let the tears spill from her eyes, gasping for air as sobs racked her body. Brantley soon took her in his arms, holding her tight as she cried it out, his tone soothing as he whispered to her. \"I'm so sorry, baby… She won't do it again, alright? I'm gonna talk to her tomorrow and make sure she leaves you alone. She won't bother you anymore.\" Justin shook her head, speaking between sobs. \"No, Brantley. I deserve everything she has to dish out. We both do.\" She felt him inhale deeply before feeling his head nod on top of hers. \"I do… You don't.\" After a few more minutes, she calmed herself enough to let him start the truck, her head resting on his arm on the entire drive back to the trailer park. When they got there, she had planned on getting out at the door, but she remembered the last thing Jana said. \"You don't have anywhere to stay, do you?\" He shook his head, forcing a laugh. \"I'll figure somethin' out, baby.\" She narrowed her eyes, grabbing him by the arm and pulling him out with her. \"You can stay here… Oakley will get over it… I kinda don't wanna be alone tonight, anyways.\" With that, they were both out of the truck, walking inside of the airstream, the cool air blasting her in the face as she walked through the door. Walking back to her bedroom, she rummaged around in her drawers, searching for something to sleep in before stripping out of her tainted clothes for the evening and throwing on the pair of shorts and old black tank top. Pulling him by the arm once more, she pointed him to her bed, to which he nodded and laid out on, getting comfortable and making room for her to snuggle up to him. After tying her hair into a top bun, she pulled the blanket down and laid down next to him, her face in his chest as she cried herself to sleep.[Chapter 9] Beau and Oakley woke up the next morning not wanting to leave his apartment because deep down inside Oakley knew that Justin and Brantley would be back at the Airstream and that she didn't like that one bit. They loaded up into his truck reluctant when she saw Brantley's truck their next to hers. She exhaled as she got out of the truck and already her motion from the inside of the Airstream. Beau met her at the front of his truck and wrapped his arm around her shoulders walking right behind her into the Airstream. Oakley grimaced at the sight of Brantley and Justin sitting on the couch, Justin hanging all over each other. \"Alright Brantley, time for you to go home I need to talk to talk to my sister.\" Oakley placed her hands on her hips tapping her fingers on the bones. \"Oaky, I -\" \"Don't call me that, you don't know me well enough yet. As a matter a fact your probably gonna wish you never met me, Gilbert.\" Brantley kissed Justin's forehead before walking to stand toe to toe with Oakley. Justin was stunned at this act of bravery knowing Oakley was quite a terrifying image that reminded her so much Grammy it wasn't even funny. \"Oakley, I'm sorry. I should have never done this to Justin, but now I'm gonna treat her right. I know it'll take a while for me to get back in your good graces, if I ever was even there but I'll grow on you and do right, I promise you that.\" He walked outside at that point as Oakley turned her attention to Justin. \"Justin Charlene! How on earth could you do this! What would Daddy say!\" Justin shivered and hugged her knees to her chest. \"I know Oakley, I shouldn't have done it.\" \"I have half a mind to send you back home! You know that?! You just broke up someone else's relationship, an engagement none the less. Oh, what Grammy would say if she saw you now.\" Oakley turned around pacing a bit holding her head in her hand. \"I know, Oaky. I never meant to hurt nobody I just love him so much.\" \"Justin you don't even know what love is. Love could spit in your face and you'd have no idea it was love.\" \"I do know what love is! I see you with Beau and I wish I had everything you two had and now I got it and you're not gonna scare me away from it or scare him away from me! Brantley Gilbert is the greatest thing that has ever happened to me and I love 'em.\" \"Well somebody is sure feeling big in her britches now.\" Oakley said glaring at Justin and felt Beau wrap his arms around her waist. She watched Justin run outside and then heard her phone ring as Beau walked out after her feeling a need for a cigarette. Oakley answered her phone to her sister on the other end. She was just three years younger than Justin and was fighting back sobs through the receiver. \"Daddy, daddy's dead, Oak. You and Justin need to come home.\" Oakley's face went into full shock as she dropped the phone to the ground with Sylvia still sobbing through it saying Oakley's name over and over again. At that moment Beau walked in to see her the way she was. \"Oakley, what is it what's wrong?\" She bursts into tears and ran to the back of the trailer. Beau picked up the phone that was laying on the ground and talked to the younger sister, nodding his head in agreement and repeating very quick \"yeahs,\" over and over again till they both hung up. He sat down on that pink couch and hung his head as he took off his cowboy hat, rubbing his head till the door opened and Justin walked in. \"What's wrong with you Beau?\" She looked at him in worry. Beau looked at her with great pain in his eyes for what he was about to have to tell her. \"Where's Oakley?\" Justin backed away from him after shutting the door looking at him in fear. \"She's back there. I got something to tell you Justin.\" Justin stood there still slightly in terror. \"What is it, Beau what's wrong?\" She asked knowing she didn't really wanna know the answer. \"It's your daddy. He died this afternoon, Jus.\" Beau said hanging his head again. \"You're lying.\" \"I wish I was. Oakley just got the phone call.\" Before he even got it out of his mouth Justin was already in the back of the trailer hugging her sister and crying hysterically into her shoulder. \"He can't be Oakley! He just can't be!\" Oakley sat shushing and rocking her while she ran her fingers through her hair. She looked up to Beau as he walked through the curtain still cradling her sobbing sister as she listened to him speak. \"Me and Brantley will start loading you two's stuff up. Take as much time as you need.\" She nodded in response as he walked out of the trailer and began getting everything ready for them to go. She pushed Justin's still quivering body away from her and looked in her sister's eyes. \"We'll leave tonight sis. Be there by tomorrow evening, it'll be ok.\" Justin nodded as she stood and wiped her eyes. \"Gotta be strong now, Justin. Get your stuff ready so we can leave quick. We gotta get going.\" She watched her still sobbing sister begin to get things together and decided to walk outside and just take a few minutes for herself, staring in the great big sky and wondering why this happened. Beau looked up to see her there and walked over to wrap his arms around her. \"Want me to go with you?\" He said burying his chin in her hair. \"No, me and Justin have to handle this on our own.\" He released her slightly shocked at her answer, but unable to speak. \"I'm sorry, Beau. I just, I gotta worry about Justin right now and, and daddy. I gotta be strong for him and her.\" Turning to him hugging herself and staring at the ground trying to comfort herself at the thought of what she was about to do. \"Ok, you're coming back though, right?\" \"I-I don't know.\" She turned back around feeling the tears well up in her eyes and she looked down at the ground and forced them back. \"You can only be strong for so long Oak. I can go with you, I will go with you, you know that. You need someone there for you, to be your rock, to be strong for you.\" \"No, I don't I can handle this, I'm fine.\" Justin stumbled out at that point and hugged Brantley once again sobbing. Beau hugged Oakley once more. \"You come back to me, Oakley Gunn. Don't make me hunt you down.\" Oakley nodded into his flannel shirt as she pushed away from him and made her way to the driver seat of the old red Ford and Justin sadly climbed into the passenger seat and they took off in the direction of Georgia. A few hours later as the sun rose over the horizon Oakley looked over to her tear stained sleeping sister and smiled a bit and then thought about what she was leaving behind. Her eyes began to water at the thought of Beau. She would probably never see him again. The tears flowed down her cheeks at this point as she thought of her daddy and how much she loved him. She began to sob uncontrollably but tried her best to remain quiet so she didn't wake her sister. She had to be the rock now, she had to be the one Justin could look to for guidance and reassurance. She stared at the long lonely road ahead as she drove and still thought of what all she was losing and had lost. The tears still fell from her eyes as the sun began to shine brighter on her. She turned the radio up a bit and began to cry a little bit harder as she sang along with Tim McGraw and Taylor Swift, singing \"Highway don't Care.\" Oakley nudged Justin as the pulled off the exit and into the little town they called home. Ellabell was a small town outside of Savannah, Georgia, it was a farm town some what and of course the Gunn's fit right in raising horses and cows on their ranch there. Justin and Oakley spent all their lives there with their daddy, Charlie. He always told them the story of how he got their family home which he bought \"for just a few nickels,\" as he always put it. Charlie found the farm with that little paneled mid 50's three bedroom house a perfect home for him to one day have a family with his wife at the time Oakley and Justin's mother, Trish. Trish hated the idea of that being the home she was going to live in, she really hated every idea Charlie had but just went along with it, she couldn't complain since she was use to much worse conditions. Charlie worked constantly on that old house, making renovations all the time, as a matter of fact Oakley cut her hand on a saw when she was one while he was renovating the kitchen, she had to get stitches it was so bad. By the time it was finished Oakley was one and Trish was pregnant with Justin. Charlie was more than excited to move in and make it even more special with his little girl. That old house was as beautiful on the outside as the inside, with the big front porch that almost stretched around to the screened in back porch. With its three bedrooms, decent size kitchen, and living room big enough to fit the dining room table in too it was the perfect home for Charlie's future plans of a big family. He even put a few improvements into it going as far as create a master bathroom for the master bedroom, a huge walk-in-closet as well and jack and jill bathrooms for the other two bedroms. Trish was never happy with the house, she was never happy until she finally left. Leaving a little two year old, newborn, and Charlie all alone. Luckily Charlie immediately called in reinforcements so he would be able to work and that was his mama who the girls fondly called Grammy. Grammy and Oakley spent the most time together, in the kitchen and the garden. Oakley learned a lot of new lessons from Grammy, especially how ladies were suppose to act. Justin tended to be wilder and more free spirited than Oakley, and on occasion it would rub off on her older sister as it does now, but Oakley was much like Grammy and stern in her ways. When she turned five her life took a terrible turn for her, Charlie married Cheryl. She moved in and was actually pretty loving and kind to Oakley and Justin and much like the mother they should have known, until she got pregnant, it was all down hill from that point. When she was 13, Oakley her daddy was forced to put her and the other three girls in the same room together and all the boys got her old room. Luckily during the summer Oakley and Justin got to sleep out on the back porch, because they were the oldest, it was much better and much more room out on the back porch, and Oakley could always sneak out and go ride her beloved horse. \"Those were the good times,\" Oakley said as she pulled the truck and airstream into the driveway, of that old house, still standing stronger than ever but looking sadder than it ever had. She smiled at the site of the house and the old barn where daddy kept their horses and four wheelers and anything else he could stick in there but as soon as she scanned across the yard to see Cheryl standing on the front porch her smile turned to a frown. She stood on the front porch staring across daddy's ranch at all the people dressed in black. Like any southern family after the funeral all the guests came back to the house for lunch. Justin was still broken into pieces and was locked up in her room. She heard the crackling of the rocks, thinking it was just another person come to share their stories of her daddy and share their condolences she tried to ignore it as she watched all the little kids play, but something told her to look up. And when she did her eyes became teary again at the sight of that familiar blue Ford making its way down towards the house and the two men that were bouncing around in it. She darted down the steps in it's direction, of course catching some crazy looks from everyone that she had been watching, as it slammed on it's brakes and Beau jumped out from the driver seat wrapping his arms around Oakley as she jumped into his. He kissed her cheek as they stood there holding each other in the drive way and her tears puddled on his shoulder. \"I couldn't let you go, Oak. I can't let you go through this alone.\" She hugged him tighter as they stood there, or Beau stood there since she was about a foot off the ground, and continued to let the tears flow until she pulled away and smiled at him. \"I'm happy you came.\" He used his thumbs to wipe her tears, smiling back at her and taking her hand as they made their way back to the house. Being stopped by a short bald older man as they topped the stairs. \"Are you Oakley Gunn?\" She looked at him confused, \"Yes?\" \"I need to talk to you in private if you don't mind.\" She nodded and looked back at Beau as she made her way in the house and led the man to her daddy's bedroom. She dreaded stepping there, seeing his room without him in it. She felt the emptiness overwhelm her as she stepped in and just exhaled deeply. She had hoped that maybe on the other side of the threshold he would be sitting there strumming on his guitar but he wasn't. \"It was your daddy's wishes for me to only share this with you.\" The man said handing her a letter as she turned towards him and pulling out a envelope he would keep as well. \"He wanted you to read that before I read you his will. He only wanted you present for this, he also has a letter for your sister Justin in there.\" She nodded as she opened her envelope and tears welled in her eyes as she read the words that were written in her father's hand writing. It read.: My Darling Oakley, You have always been the strong one and looked out for your younger siblings. I just want you to know how proud I am of you and Justin for chasing the dreams you two have had since you were just little weeds. You always wanted to travel and her, you know your sister. She has always wanted to be a singer, She'll get there if you two keep going like your going. All I want for you to do is be happy Oaky, whatever makes you happy go do it. Whether its being a mother, wife, or a self proclaimed gypsy who plays in the bars of towns she stops in. Just always wear your smile that I've always loved to see and never forget where you come from and how much your daddy loves you. Watch out for your sister and take care of her. You're in charge of her now, keep her straight and don't forget to give her all the love I gave both of you. Love, Your Daddy. The tears spilled onto the paper as she stood there holding staring at it for a moment before putting it back in the envelope before looking at the little man and nodding letting him know to continue. \"Seems your daddy wanted you to have his house and all the contents of it. Justin will get his truck, and all of you kids will spilt what money he had.\" \"Cheryl? She doesn't get anything?\" He shook his head, \"When your daddy made this will up last year him and her were having a hard time, still were till the day he died if I remember right. All she gets is your younger siblings. He also left you responsible for setting up savings accounts for each of them that she couldn't touch. He wants all his kids to have what they deserve.\" He said patting her on the shoulder. She shook her head to clear the shock for a moment and walked out of the room and into the girl's room where she found Justin. Brantley was there with her comforting, he had rode in with Beau and was just as happy to see Justin as Beau was to see Oakley. He decided to leave the room as he looked at Oakley's face but refused to leave without a kiss from Justin. Oakley sat on the foot of her sister's bed not wanting to stare at her as she spoke. \"You get daddy's truck.\" \"I do?\" \"Yeah, he put it in his will.\" \"What do you get?\" \"This place.\" \"Cheryl?\" \"She get's nothing, we have to split all his money between all us kids and put it in savings accounts for the younger ones so she can't get it.\" Justin sat up and scooted to the end of her bed to sit behind her sister. \"She's gonna be pissed.\" \"Yeah, the best part is I have to tell her.\" Oakley stood, leaving the letter her daddy wrote Justin on her bed, and walked out of her sister's room, and decided it was best for her to get some fresh, she made her way outside on the back porch, letting the old wood screen door slam into its place, she sat next to Beau who was out there smoking a cigarette and swinging in the swing her daddy had made. She rested her head on his chest and exhaled sharply. \"I have to tell Cheryl she gets nothing from daddy.\" Beau ran his fingers through her hair. \"How do you intend on doing that?\" \"I have no idea.\" \"Well looks like you'll be dealing with this one on your own, babe.\" He said putting his cigarette out in the ashtray that sat on a little green metal table next to the swing. \"You're a lot of help. I guess I'll just walk up to her and tell her, Cheryl, daddy put in his will that you don't get anything. If you have a problem with it you can ask the little bald fat man walking around here, he is apparently the lawyer and told me to tell you. I guess me and Justin aren't the only ones scared of her.\" \"What do you mean I don't get anything?\" Cheryl stomped her way around the edge of the porch and then up the stairs, right into the face of the cowering Oakley. \"Daddy put in his will that all of us kids get everything.\" Her stepmother growled at her a bit. \"I better get something.\" \"You can get off her porch is what you can do.\" Beau stood up causing Cheryl to take a few steps back. \"Oakley has been through enough without you bullying her more. Just get outta here before you embarrass yourself in front of all the fine people of this community that have come here to remember her dad, not to hear about how you didn't get any of his stuff which apparently he didn't think you deserved.\" He sat back down throwing his arm around Oakley as Cheryl stood there in shock for a minute then stomped angrily away. Oakley heard the gravel slinging as Cheryl and the other kids pulled out of the driveway and she finally exhaled the breath she had been holding for so long and relaxed into Beau resting her head on his chest. \"What do you think about moving here, Beau?\" \"What do you mean, Oak?\" \"I mean me and you living here, raising a family in my daddy's house.\" \"What about California, the airstream, and Justin?\" \"I'm giving Justin the airstream. We can always go back to California, I just don't wanna lose this place. I don't wanna sell it, my daddy built most of it, this house wouldn't be what it is today if he hadn't spent a few nickels on it. I grew up in this house. This back porch is where he taught me how to play the guitar and all them old songs.\" He kissed the top of her head. \"Guess we'll move back here then. I'm sure I can find a job somewhere and Bobby said his place is always open to me and you.\" As every one began to leave, Justin and Brantley decided to move to the back porch with Beau and Oakley to watch the sunset. \"Justin, I got something to tell you.\" Oakley said smiling at her sister. \"What is it, sis?\" Oakley threw the keys to the airstream at Justin watching all those years of softball come in handy as she caught them without even a thought. \"She's yours now Justin. Take care of her.\" Justin's eyes began to water as she looked at the key ring that laid in her hand. \"Oakley I thought we were doing this together?\" \"It's time for me to settle down a bit, Justin. You get to take the reins now, with Brantley at your side.\" She smiled and wrapped her arm around Beau. \"Me and Beau will be right here, I'm gonna take care of daddy's house and make him proud of what I turn it into.\" \"B-b-but we're a duet? I'm not much of a duet without you, Oaky.\" \"Justin, you were made to perform. You know and I know it just like daddy knew it. He wouldn't want you to waste that staying stuck here with me. You gotta grow your own wings now chickadee.\" \"I don't know if I can do it without you Oakley.\" \"You won't be alone, you'll have Brantley and I'll always be with you. This is your dream Justin, it's what you were made for. I wasn't made to perform like you were, you go out there and make daddy proud of you. Go get 'em Patsy Cline Jr.\" She stood up and kissed her sister on the forehead as she made her way into the house and up to her room to sulk a bit into her pillow. It broke her heart to let her sister go, but she knew Justin could make it. Justin was strong and able to handle herself a lot like Oakley. She shuddered as she felt the warmth of an arm wrap around her waist and pull her back into his chest. Beau kissed her cheek and laid there holding her and letting her sulk in silence, till she flipped around to face him and kiss his lips. \"Did I do the right thing.\" \"Only you and Justin can decide if it was right or not, Oak.\" She laid her head against his head as she thought back on Justin and how amazing she was on stage and how she had always thought Justin was so much better at it than she was. She giggled and smiled knowing her sister was going to make it and knowing that she would do an amazing job becoming the next Patsy Cline. Daddy always called the duo Patsy and Loretta, they were just that close. Oakley never felt much like a Loretta but she knew Justin was Patsy and was so proud of her little sister.[Chapter 10] Justin came to an abrupt halt in front of her childhood home, her sister Oakley now living there with her fiance, Beau. The airstream still shook with the force of her stop. She tried to wipe the tears from her face, but it just wasn't working. As soon as she wiped them away, more appeared fiercely. She had made the long drive in record time, stopping only to go to the bathroom. Food didn't interest her right now. Apparently the skidding of her tires had caught Beau and Oakley's attention. As she got out of the truck, she could already see the two of them staring at her. She didn't even make it up the driveway before Oakley saw her tear stained face, running, or waddling, as fast as her little pregnant body could make it. She caught Justin in a forceful hug, running her fingers through her hair as the younger sister did nothing but cry. Oakley whispered calming words to her, causing Justin to shudder as more sobs ripped through her body. Beau stayed on the porch, but he had his phone to his ear, calling Brantley to find out just what had happened, and how badly he needed to kick his best friend's ass. Justin pulled away from her sister, her eyes showing Oakley all that she needed to know. She watched as her older sister shook her head, biting down on her bottom lip. \"Tell me everything, Justin.\" 12 Hours Earlier Justin sat in Brantley's lap, strumming her guitar and nursing a very small glass of wine, a pad of paper in front of her. She was in the process of writing her first love song, knowing exactly what everyone else felt when they wrote those cheesy songs that she had always made fun of before. They had been on tour for the past six months, going into run down bars and small country clubs, singing their songs to the people who wanted to hear them. Recently, Brantley had been offered a huge record deal, and since she was his girl, and now his collaborator, she was along for the ride. She sighed happily as he ran his fingers through her hair, leaning back into him and abandoning her strumming for the time being, her smile wide. Jason walked into the room, eclipsing the light from her view like only a man his size could do. He groaned, throwing a balled up piece of paper at the two of them. \"Y'all, get a room and get out of mine.\" He was laughing as he spoke, causing Brantley and Justin to do the same. They were here as guest performers for Colt Ford's show, so that meant that they shared his dressing room. There were a few more performers, but Justin didn't know who any of them were. Jason or Brantley didn't either, really. They were just happy to get such a big show. \"It's time to go on\", Jason said, grabbing his guitar and walking out of the room. Justin stood, allowing Brantley to do the same, and took his hand. They walked out toward the stage, hand in hand, and prepared for one of the biggest shows they had ever played. As they neared the stage, Justin stopped in her tracks, her eyes widening as she looked at the woman who was no more than ten feet away from her. Jana Kramer. She stifled a squeal, then started to turn back to the dressing room. Brantley held her tight, looking down at her like she was crazy. \"Now ain't the time for stage fright, baby. We gotta go on and kill this show.\" Her eyes widened further, her hand thrusting forward as she pointed at Jana. It was then that Brantley saw her, swearing under his breath before turning to Jason. \"What the hell is she doing here, man?\" The bigger man shrugged, shaking his head. \"I didn't know she was gonna be here either, dawg. Y'all are as surprised as I am.\" It was then that Jana noticed them, eyeing them up and down before turning back toward the stage. Justin steeled herself and walked forward, right past Jana and up onto the stage. The show must go on. Turning back toward her boyfriend, she jerked her head toward the stage. \"You comin'? These people wanna hear your songs.\" After the show, they all went out to a small bar down the street. As they walked in, Justin held Brantley's hand tightly. Jason was greeted by a roar of applause, as well as Brantley, causing a pang of jealousy to be felt deep in her heart. She was introduced to so many country stars that night that she couldn't remember half of their conversations. Brantley seemed at ease around these people, calming her nerves a bit. When someone offered to buy her a beer, she politely declined, watching as Brantley downed his fifth shot of Jack Daniels. It was going to be a long night. She was being pushed around so much that she felt the need to subtly guard her flat stomach, both hands gently resting there. Before long, Brantley was really drunk, dancing with every woman in the bar. Her instincts told her to stop him, but it was just getting too out of hand. Pushing through the crowd, making her way to him, she finally reached his side as he took another shot. At this point, she had lost count of how many he had downed. Gently taking his hand, she gave him a sweet smile. \"Baby, I think it's time to go home. You've had a lot to drink and I don't think we oughta stick around.\" He gave her an odd look, his head canting slightly. \"You ain't drinkin' tonight?\" As her cheeks turned red, she shook her head. \"Naw. My stomach don't feel too much like drinkin' tonight. Can we just go home?\" Jason popped in, then, pushing Brantley toward her. \"You need to take your girl home, Brantley. Y'all had a good show tonight, but if she ain't feelin' good, you need to take care of her.\" Brantley pinched the bridge of his nose between his thumb and forefinger, shaking his head. \"Baby, if you don't feel good, go on home. I'll catch a ride with someone else.\" Justin sighed, shaking her head rapidly. \"No, Brantley, I want you to come home with me, please.\" He shook his head, gesturing around the bar. \"I need to stay here and get to know some of these folks. This is my chance to get on a big tour, Jus.\" Narrowing her eyes, she bit her bottom lip and tried to stop the tears of rejection. \"Is all of this more important to you, then? I don't matter quite as much as the fame and glory of being a big country star?\" His eyes narrowed, his jaw tensing. \"Now, you know that ain't true, Justin Gunn. Ain't nothin' more important to me than you. I just need to do this.\" Shaking her head, she held up her hand to halt his speaking. \"Naw, don't worry about it. I'm goin' home. Don't drive Brantley. Please.\" Looking toward Jason, she pointed toward her boyfriend. \"Don't let him drive.\" With that, she turned on her heels, walking out the door of the bar and hopping into Brantley's truck. She was asleep in the airstream when Brantley showed up, his stumbling around in the kitchen jarring her awake. There were a lot of swear words as he hit his knees on chairs and his elbows on counters, causing her to grimace. Turning toward the table beside the bed, she checked the time on her phone, seeing that it was almost five in the morning. Anger rose up in her, and as she stood up from the bed, she found that she was shaking. Walking through the beaded curtain that led from her bedroom, she came to stand in front of him, gagging at the scent of the alcohol rolling off of him. \"Where the hell have you been, Brantley?\" He tried to find a place to sit, but as he missed the couch, he fell on the floor. He didn't even struggle to get up, just sitting there in the floor with his head in his hands. His speech was slurred and his hands shook. \"I did somethin' bad, baby. I did somethin' real bad.\" Her heart sank into her stomach, her eyes widening as she watched him. \"What, Brantley? What did you do?\" He played with the frayed material of the hole in the knee of his jeans. \"After you left, Jana showed up to the bar. I didn't wanna ride home with her, but no one else would take me. I just wanted to get back here to you 'cause I felt like such a damn jerk for lettin' you leave that way. I don't know how it happened but we-\" She cut him off, her hand quickly covering his mouth. \"Don't say it, Brantley. Don't you dare say that shit!\" He looked up at her with tears in his eyes, trying to stand so that he could better see her. She pushed him back down, anger bubbling up within her. \"You had sex with her? YOU HAD SEX WITH HER?! Brantley! How the hell could you do this to me? You... Get the hell out of my trailer. I'm goin' home.\" He tried to argue but she didn't give him a chance, pushing him out of the trailer on his back. Since the trailer was already hitched up to her truck, she got her keys, put them in the ignition and sighed as the engine roared to life. She was still in her night shorts, tight fitting tank tip, and had her hair in a top knot, but she didn't even care as she took off toward Georgia. Present Day Justin stared at her sister as she finished her story, having wound up sitting on the hood of her truck. Oakley had tears in her eyes, and Justin wiped them away, smiling at her sister. \"That ain't all, Oaky... I don't know what to do with myself now, because, well... I'm pregnant. I shoulda listened to you, Oaky. I shoulda been a better person.\" Biting her bottom lip, she looked toward the porch, listening to Beau ripping Brantley a new one over the phone. \"I don't want him to know, Oak. If he knows, he's gonna try to come out here, and I don't want him to know right now. I'll get around to tellin' him eventually, but I just don't wanna tell him right now.\" Oakley nodded her head. \"Beau won't say nothin'. I'll kill him if he does.\" Justin looked toward the porch, watching as Beau hung up the phone and flashed her one of his award winning smiles. \"Hey, Jus. You alright? Why don't you come on in here and let me fix you somethin' to eat?\" Nodding her head, she took her older sister by the hand, walking slowly so she didn't have to waddle so much, and led her inside, getting ready for a home-cooked southern dinner. ","Summary":" Justin sat bouncing in the passenger seat wearing her old cut off blue jeans, scuffed up boots and "},{"Movie":"Country Strong","Title":"Timing Is Everything","Author":"ReadMe-SeeMe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6716716","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Here's my new Country Strong Story: Timing is Everything ! Plot: It's been almost a year since the tour ended, Kelly's death, and Chiles understandable decision to follow her dreams of becoming famous. Beau was beginning to get his life back on track, in LA he met an amazing girl who was similar to him, loves music for music and not for money. Things were beginning to look up but what happens when Beau's first love Chiles Stanton comes back ready to make it work. Who will he choose in the end? Starring: (Pictures on Profile) Beau Hutton (Garrett Hedlund) Destiny Love (Sara Underwood) Chiles Stanton (Leighton Meester) Enjoy & Please Review! Chapter 1: Dedicated to You! It was a dim like setting in the bar Beau Hutton often played at. Being a Saturday night the place was packed as usual. He sat in denim jeans and a red and multi colored plaid designed shirt, with the southern touch of his cowboy boots, and hat. \"You gonna play us a song or what Nashville?\" the well known bartender Destiny Love, teased him. She wore a denim skirt and a pink and yellow plaid shirt that tied in the front showing a little skin. Destiny was very well known in that bar. Not only because she could sing, and reminded everyone so much of her ideal Leann Rimes, with her light blonde usually curly hair and deep green eyes, but because she was known as the heart of that very bar. She was a sweetheart, and was very friendly to newcomers, especially to ones making their singing debut any night of the week. \"Give me a minute\" Beau chuckled as she walked back to the bar. Destiny was the first person to welcome Beau almost a year ago when he first moved to California and made his debut. Everyone knew the two were pretty sweet on each other, but no one really knew what was going on between the two, other than themselves. Beau adjusted the microphone and sat on the stool behind him. \"I would like to dedicate this song to a very special friend of mine.\" Beau grinned, as the introduction caught the eye of Destiny causing her to stop in her tracks and giving him his full attention. \"It's a song by one of my all time favorite artist John Michael Montgomery\" he said \"And I hope she like it\" Destiny smiled as she made quick eye contact with Beau. He sighed before he started strumming the strings of his guitar… They read you Cinderella You hoped it would come true That one day your Prince Charming Would come rescue you You like romantic movies You never will forget The way you felt when Romeo kissed Juliet All this time that you've been waiting You don't have to wait no more I can love you like that I would make you my world Move Heaven and Earth if you were my girl I will give you my heart Be all that you need Show you you're everything that's precious to me If you give me a chance I can love you like that I never make a promise I don't intend to keep So when I say forever, forever's what I mean I'm no Casanova but I swear this much is true I'll be holdin' nothin' back when it comes to you You dream of love that's everlasting Well baby open up your eyes I can love you like that I would make you my world Move Heaven and Earth if you were my girl I will give you my heart Be all that you need Show you you're everything that's precious to me If you give me a chance I can love you like that You want tenderness-I got tenderness And I see through to the heart of you If you want a man who understands You don't have to look very far I can love you I can I can love you like that I would make you my world Move Heaven and Earth if you were my girl I will give you my heart Be all that you need Show you you're everything that's precious to me I can love you like that I would make you my world Move Heaven and Earth if you were my girl I will give you my heart Be all that you need Show you you're everything that's precious to me I can love you like that I would make you my world Move Heaven and Earth if you were my girl The whole bar roared with cheers at the end of the song, including Destiny who couldn't wipe the smile from her face. Beau loved the sound that he was hearing. He loved music and when people like his music he feels accomplished. \"Thank you!\" he smiled setting his guitar back in it's case, securing it shut before walking over to the bar, to a smiling blonde.. \"So, am I just being cocky or was I the special friend that song was intended for?\" Destiny replied walking over to him with two beers, one for each of them \"Depends, if you liked it or not?\" \"I loved it\" she smiled leaned in, resting her elbows on the bar counter. \"Then yes it was for you\" he grinned \"Cheers to a classic pick then\" she said as they hit their beer glasses together \"I love that song\" \"Yeah me too\" he said before gulping down his drink \"But you do know what this means right?\" he replied after sitting his bottle down \"What's that?\" Destiny asked after taking a gulp also \"You owe me one\" \"A song?\" she replied \"But, I'm not on the set list tonight\" \"Well, you can take one of my sets\" he offered \"Ha, I don't have my guitar\" she continued to try and get out of it \"I have a perfectly good one right here\" Destiny sighed, and looked at the stage \"You expect me to sing after that\" she said referring to his performance \"These people don't want to see me\" Beau rolled his eyes slightly \"Are you kidding me? You're an incredible musician\" Destiny stared at him in his deep blue eyes \"You haven't performed in awhile, I'm sure these people would love to see you get back on that stage\" he motivated \"How do you know?\" \"Because,\" Beau stood up tall \"HEY EVERYBODY, WHO WANTS TO HEAR DESTINY PLAY FOR OLD TIME SAKES?\" he yelled at the bar Everyone in the bar cheered loud for the western great. Destiny was the Saturday night headliner before Beau came to town. She then needed a more paying gig so she motioned toward bartending for tips, while Beau did an amazing job at taking over the stage. \"Your fans are calling\" he smirked handing her his guitar. Destiny chuckled \"I'm going to kill you for this Nashville\" she blushed lightly snatching the acoustic by the fretboard, and making her way toward the stage, as the bar got louder with cheers for her. Destiny took a deep breath and smiled at the crowd, who focused on her \"Well, this is my first time in awhile so let's see if I still got it in me\" she spoke in the microphone as she got situated. \"This too is a song from one of my favorite artist Faith Hill and this performance in its self is titled returning the favor\" she smiled focusing her attention to Beau through the shinning lights. Destiny blushed seeing him smile back, before she began to play softly I can feel the magic floating in the air Being with you gets me that way I watch the sunlight dance across your face and I've Never been this swept away All my thoughts just seem to settle on the breeze When I'm lying wrapped up in your arms The whole world just fades away The only thing I hear Is the beating of your heart 'Cause I can feel you breathe It's washing over me Suddenly I'm melting into you There's nothing left to prove Baby all we need is just to be Caught up in the touch The slow and steady rush Baby, isn't that the way that love's supposed to be I can feel you breathe Just breathe In a way I know my heart is waking up As all the walls come tumbling down I'm closer than I've ever felt before And I know And you know There's no need for words right now 'Cause I can feel you breathe It's washing over me Suddenly I'm melting into you There's nothing left to prove Baby all we need is just to be Caught up in the touch The slow and steady rush Baby, isn't that the way that love's supposed to be I can feel you breathe Just breathe Caught up in the touch The slow and steady rush Baby, isn't that the way that love's supposed to be I can feel you breathe Just breathe I can feel the magic floating in the air Being with you gets me that way Being back on stage made Destiny feel great. She heard the cheers and took a moment to soak it all up. That's where she felt she belong, on any stage. \"Thank you!\" she whispered getting off stage, and making her way back to Beau at the bar, getting smiles and pats on the back for her job well done. \"Well?\" she said handing him back his guitar \"That was amazing\" Beau compliments \"And thanks for the dedication\" he told her as she was making her way to the other side of the bar. \"So were even\" she smirked, back to serving drinks \"You need to be up there more\" he told her \"I wish I could be\" she said staring at the empty stage \"Being up on stage means the world to me, which is how I still can't believe you gave it all up, just to be here\" Beau reminisced about the tour he did with the famous Kelly Canter last year. Though it was a memorable year he sort of wished he could erase certain parts of it. \"You just will never understand\" he simply said \"Damn right, and you don't do a god job at helping me understand either\" she said grabbing her beer bottle Beau shrugged \"Next subject\" Destiny shook her head in disbelief \"The mysterious Beau Hutton, been coming here every single day for a year and I still barely even know you\" she said before walking over to the side to serve some customers. Beau watched Destiny walk away. He had a hard time opening up to people, that's why he turned to music to express himself, but ever since last year he barely wrote his own songs any more. As great as Destiny was, the only people that brought out any inspirations for his own songs was Kelly Canter, and former lover Chiles Stanton, who was at the highlight of her career. Destiny stared back at a dazed out Beau from afar. She realized it wasn't fair that she jumped down his throat for not opening up; everyone wasn't as open as her. Everyone doesn't obtain the same feelings. \" Just because you love someone doesn't mean they have to love you back\" she repeated a quote from her mom softly to herself. She shook her head and gulped down the rest of her beers before tossing the bottle out. Destiny began walking back over to Beau but suddenly the whole bar directed their attention to entrance. Destiny and even Beau directed their attention over, but all they could see is cameras flashing and people cheering. \"Chiles Stanton\" a fan yelled Beau's heart dropped when he heard the person yell \" It can't be\" he said to himself He quickly made his way through the crowd and was suddenly taken back. \"Well, long times no see Beau Hutton\" she smiled \"Chiles!\" Beau said softly in disbelief…. Please Review (it motivates me to keep going)! Next Chapter: Old Times, New Problems (Wednesday, February 09, 2011)[Chapter 2] Hey everyone, I just want to say THANK YOU ALL so much for the reviews! From now on my official motto is \"The more reviews the faster the updates\". All the great feedback made me want to update faster. So please keep them coming! Here's Chapter 2. Enjoy! Chapter 2: All the right memories Don't Take the Girl by Tim McGraw played in the background from inside the bar, as Chiles and Beau sat in the back alley. Beau's heart continued to beat expeditiously as he stared at the girl who remained with his heart this entire year. Chiles sighed as she looked forward trying not to make eye contact with him. She could almost feel him looking at her. \"Are you going to say anything?\" She finally said \"Are you?\" he shot Chiles shook her head and continued to be silence \"So how's the luxury life?\" he asked \"Anything but that\" she replied \"Well, I don't want to know anything else\" he said pulling a cigarette from the front pocket of his button down \"Same ole rude Beau Hutton\" she folded her arms \"Why are you here Chiles?\" he asked \"What do you mean?\" she said looking down \"Exactly what I asked?\" Beau replied \"This is a small town so if you had a show I would have heard about it so it can't be for your career\" Chiles looked down then around, not knowing what to say \"Still have nothing to say?\" he shook his head flicking his cigarette as she remained quiet Beau chuckled slightly before shaking his head \"I'll be inside, have a good visit\" he told her \"Or whatever you are for\" Chiles eyes shot open watching him get ready to walk away… \"Beau wait!\" she finally spoke… Back inside, Destiny shift was close to being ever. The night had calmed down, and there were only a few people left in the joint sharing their last drink of the night. \" Every long lost dream led me to where you are Others who broke my heart they were like Northern stars Pointing me on my way into your loving arms This much I know is true That God blessed the broken road That led me straight to you\" Destiny sung low to herself as she stood behind the bar, putting away a few glasses \"What are you singing Love?\" One of Destiny fellow bartenders asked as she helped clean. \"Oh just a song I've been working on for awhile\" she answered \"You did well tonight\" she told Destiny \"The whole night was a success\" \"I know right, first I got back on stage in almost a year, and the famous Chiles Stanton shows up\" Destiny smiled \"I wish we had more night like this\" \"Tell me about it!\" she replied \"And Beau did great too\" \"Yeah he did\" Destiny blushed in thoughts of him as she wiped down the counters \"But, what's new about that\" she said \"That kid has more talent than anyone I know\" The other bartender saw Destiny smiling in thoughts of Beau before she chuckled lightly \"You are pretty sweet on him huh?\" \"Is it that obvious?\" Destiny confessed \"A little\" she replied \"Where is Beau now that I think about it?\" \"I don't know, but I doubt he's gone because one he's my ride home and two his guitar is still up on stage\" Destiny noticed \"He probably went out back for a smoke\" The two girls shrugged as they continued to clean up as Destiny went back to singing her song \" That God blessed the broken road That led me straight to you…\" Outside in the back alley silence filled the air once again between the ex lovers… Beau waited another second for her to speak but she couldn't find the words to say. He shook his head before he began to walk away again… \"Beau stop!\" Chiles ordered again \"You keep telling me to stop but you aren't saying shit!\" he slightly yelled \"I know… I just…\" she stuttered \"You just what?\" Chiles stared at him with her innocent brown eyes \"I don't know!\" \"Well, me either\" he said before turning again… Beau was just a step from the door before he heard a sound he hadn't heard in awhile. A sound he forgot he missed… \" I'll use my eyes to draw you in Until I'm under your skin I'll use my lips, I'll use my arms Come on, come on, come on Give into me\" Beau stared down then back at Chiles as she sang the song that initially connected the two. \"I'm here for you Beau Hutton\" she finally said \"After a whole year Chiles?\" \"I admit it has been awhile, but please understand Beau I was young, I was incredibly naïve and I didn't know what I wanted\" she explained \"And you do now?\" \"Yes\" she argued \"I've had the best of both worlds and I know what really makes me happy, it's not the fame, it's not the power, but it's you\" she admitted Beau stared into her eyes and saw nothing but honesty \"I thought about you every single day for a year!\" she continued \"I want to be with you\" Beau was speechless. For awhile he wanted this to happen. He wanted so badly for Chiles to come back into his life, but now that, that moment was here, for the first time he had no reaction, he didn't know what to say… Inside the last of the bars' customers had left, Destiny remained inside as she and the others were just about done cleaning \"Well, I guess I'm gone for the night, are going to lock up?\" she asked Destiny \"Sure, I can I'm just waiting for Beau to come back in\" \"Gosh he's still out there?\" she said \"No cigarette last that long, you better go check to see if he's okay\" Destiny giggled \"Tall and masculine Beau is fine, I can almost bet on it\" \"Okay see you tomorrow\" she said as Destiny waved She shut off the lights around the bar, before heading to the stage and began straightening up the stage equipment. When she was finished she walked toward the front and locked the doors from the inside, since she knew Beau parked around back in the alley. Destiny through on her coat and grabbed Beau's guitar off the stage before she headed toward the back doors, where Beau and Chiles continued their conversation… \"You come back after all this time and expect things to be back to normal\" Beau argued \"You shouldn't have come here Chiles!\" Chiles smirked at his familiar tone \"Don't make me say it?\" she said shaking her head \"Say what?\" \"You're being very rude right now?\" she smiled, replaying a conversation they had once before Beau couldn't help but smile slightly recognizing the dialogue \"So you tell me what you want?\" Chiles whispered slowly walking toward him Beau shook his head a little \"Nothing!\" Chiles smiled hearing those words, as she pulled him in for a kiss, Beau couldn't help but embrace her grabbed the back of her head gently… Destiny walked out of the back door and was shocked at the sight of Beau kissing Chiles. She stared down feeling a little disappointed and optimistic. She stood there for awhile before she quietly place Beau's guitar case on the steps, where she was sure he could see it, and walking back inside the bar to call a cab… Beau couldn't keep his guard up for long, as a single kiss with Chiles brought back all the right memories… Please Review (The more reviews the faster the updates) Also if you are a GARRETT HEDLUND FAN (Beau)! I have plenty of other stories from his multiple movies so check them out if you are motivated… Disclaimer: Destiny's \"original song\" is really God Blessed the Broken Road, and belongs to the Rascal Flatts! HOPE YOU ENJOYED! STAY TUNED TO FIND OUT WHAT HAPPENS NEXT[Chapter 3] My word is my word, so here is yet another update for you all. Thanks for all the great reviews, it really motivates me, so keep them coming. Here's Chapter 3! Enjoy Chapter 3: Her Inspiration The California sun shined through Beau's window of his beachside ranch. After his night of passion with Chiles he laid underneath the blankets of his bed in nothing but white boxers. He rolled over slightly to avoid the sun in his face and surprisingly found nothing beside him. Beau felt around his bed gently before finally opening his sleepy eyes. He immediately shot up when he realized Chiles was no longer next to him. Beau slowly got out of bed and searched around for the love of his life. He couldn't help but feel the fear of her leaving again. He continued to look around, and suddenly stopped and smiled lightly at the view in front of him. Chiles sat on the balcony overlooking the beach near Beau's ranch. She was on a stool wrapped in nothing but a white bed sheet as her brown curly hair flowed in the winds' breeze. \" I miss everything; about you I can't believe I still want you After all…\" She sung and thought all at the same time, as she wrote down the lyrics she just uttered. She sat the pen down in the crack of her notepad so the wind wouldn't close her page shut. Chiles sat back up and began to strum the strings on Beau's guitar which she had wrapped around her. \" But I never told you What I should have said No I never told you I just held it in…\" Chiles was in the middle of finishing the song when she felt a man's masculine arms around her from behind, as she turned and found her inspiration kneeling down behind her. \"Finally up?\" she smiled at him leaning her forehead against his \"When did you start playing guitar?\" he asked \"Oh\" she smiled looking down at the acoustic \"Recently, I'm not that good though\" \"You could've fooled me\" he complimented Chiles chuckled lightly before slowly kissing him. After a moment she slightly pulled away still with her head against his as they watch the sun shine down on the beach and the waves flow. \"This view is incredible\" she said \"It is, I like to come out here every day and just write\" he told her getting up and walking to the banister \"We're two of a kind then\" she smiled \"So I see\" he looked delighted seeing her writing pad \"Can I hear?\" \"Hear what?\" she nervously asked \" I Never Told You \" he replied reading the top of the page in her notepad that was placed in front of her \"Well, it's not really finished\" she explained \"Let me hear what you have so far\" he smiled Chiles stared at him and couldn't resist. The one person she was always comfortable with when it came to sharing her music was Beau… She sighed lightly and sat up straight with his guitar. Beau sat up on his banister, excited to hear her play an original song. Chiles looked up at Beau one last time before gaining security and comfort as she began strumming the strings on the acoustic… \" I miss those blue eyes How you kissed me at night I miss the way we sleep Like there's no sunrise Like the taste of your smile I miss the way we breathe\" \"But I never told you What I should have said No I never told you I just held it in And now I miss everything about you I can't believe I still want you After all the things we've been through I miss everything about you Without you…\" \"I see your blue eyes Every time I close mine You make it hard to see Where I belong to when I'm not around you It's like I'm not with me\" \"But I never told you What I should have said No I never told you I just held it in And now … I miss everything about you I can't believe I still want you After all the things we've been through I miss everything about you Without you…\" Chiles stared down waiting for an expression from Beau, who was speechless at her growth… \"Wow,\" he replied \"I know, I'm not finish yet though it'll be better\" \"No Chiles, its amazing\" he smiled \"I'm impressed\" \"Really?\" she smiled lightly taking the guitar from around her shoulder and gently placing it back in its case. \"I guess you finally found your inspiration\" \"Yeah, I guess so\" she blushed approaching him, placing her hands around his waist leaning her head on his chest. Silence filled the air as the two cherished the moment that they spent together… \"Chiles, I know I gave you a hard time but I'm really glad you're back\" he confessed She smiled looking up at the tall southern guy before passionately kissing him again, for a second… \"I guess being together was just our destiny\" she whispered Beau's heart dropped hearing those exact words, brought a more of a name to his ear than an intended quote \"Destiny\" he whispered in thoughts of his friend at the bar \"Shit?\" he shot \"What's wrong?\" Chiles asked worried \"Oh, I just forgot to do something last night\" he rubbed his head in disappointment \"All the commotion going on with you, she slipped my mind\" he continued leaving Chiles confused \"Who slipped your mind?\" \"Uh, a friend\" he said gently pulling away from Chiles \"I have to make a quick call\" Chiles stared strangely not think much of all of Beau pandemonium before turning and facing the view of the beach once again. Beau rushed in to his living room to his old fashion house phone, as he quickly dialed up his friend. Meanwhile, Destiny Love had just woken up, and was about to get her day started. After witnessing Beau with the Chiles Stanton last night she knew she couldn't compete, so she figured she wouldn't even try anymore. Destiny didn't go to work until late night so she planned a full day of playing music in the park. She wanted to go over some old songs, practice some new… \" When you're dreaming with a broken heart The waking up is the hardest part You roll outta bed and down on your knees And for the moment you can hardly breathe…\" After last night she had been singing some original lyrics all morning as she got dressed, so she knew she had the inspiration to write more. \" Wondering was he really here? Is he standing in my room? No he's not, 'cause he's gone, gone…\" She got dressed in a long denim jeans and a regular white tank top, her long blonde her in loose curls down her back. She walked over to her closet to grab her white and black cowgirl boots, when she heard her phone ring. \" You always ring when I'm ready to go\" Destiny weirdly said to her ringing phone, as she walked the opposite way from it. Destiny sighed not really wanting to be held up on the phone with anyone, as she forcefully kicked on her boots which were hard to put on. \" Hey you reached Destiny Love leave a message\" both she and Beau heard her answering machine say. Beau sighed \"He Des this is Beau\" he began to speak \"I was just…\" Destiny head shot up at the phone hearing Beau's voice over the machine, before she raced towards the phone, but she then hesitated about answering it when she got there… \"…wanted to make sure you got home safely…\" he continued in his deep southern accent Destiny quickly reached for her phone as she placed it to her ear \"Hey\" she casually said \"Hi\" Beau smiled happy she picked up. \"But, yeah I made it home safely\" she nodded nervously over the phone \"Good, but I'm so sorry for leaving you hanging last night\" he tried to explain \"Oh no problem, luckily one of the other bartenders were leaving when I was so I was able to get a ride home with her\" she lied \"Yeah that's good\" he agreed \"It was just so much going on around me, I wasn't thinking straight\" Destiny let out a fake but convincing giggle \"Beau its fine!\" she assured \"I made it home safe, now if I was stranded then that would have been a problem\" she joked Beau chuckled lightly, he admired how nice Destiny was and how she could always take a bad situation and turn it into something sweet. \"But, I'll see you at work tonight?\" she asked over the receiver \"I'm kind of in a hurry\" she replied wanting to keep some distance between the two of them \"Uh sure!\" Beau said \"See you tonight!\" As Beau was finishing up his conversation Chiles has walked into the living room behind him \"Okay\" Destiny continued her happy \"act\" as she hung up the phone… Beau slowly put the phone down and deep thought. He had spent every day with Destiny and grew to like her so much in such a short time. Beau knew he liked Destiny but he loved Chiles. He also always thought that if Chiles ever showed back up all of his feelings he had for any other girl would somehow erase, but when it came to Destiny things were different. \"So who are you planning on seeing tonight?\" Chiles brought out her sassy side as she replied with her arms folded \"Oh\" Beau jumped not noticing she was their until she spoke \"Who were you on the phone with?\" \"My friend Destiny, she works at the bar I play at, I was telling her I'll see her tonight at work\" he explained \"Oh… ok\" Chiles smiled sitting on Beau's lap… \"You know you should come sing with me tonight\" he offered her \"Really?\" she asked \"Yeah it's been awhile since we've sang together, I'm sure people would love to hear Give In To Me \" he smiled running his fingers through her long dark hair Chiles smiled lightly staring at him in his deep blue eyes \"I would love to\" she accepted \"And if you want I could talk to the set producer and have you perform some of your songs\" he suggested Chiles smiled and stared at him being reminded how nice and supportive he always was of her. \"I would love that\" \"On one condition though\" he smirked \"And what is that Mr. Hutton?\" she giggled, seeing his sexy smirk \"No Summer Girl \" he chuckled Chiles burst into laughter hearing him criticize her first song \"The same rude AND now honest Beau Hutton\" she smiled wrapping her arms around his neck still a bit amused \"Oh, how I missed him\" Beau smiled as his wrapped his arms around her way \"I missed you too Chiles!...\" Chiles blushed once more before she pulled him into a deep, yet slow and passionate kiss… Please Review (For motivation && to let me know what you all think) Disclaimer: I never told you is by Colbie Caillat and belongs to its rightful owners! Also Destiny's \"original song\" is Dreaming with a broken heart by John Mayer and belong to it's rightful owners! STAY TUNED TO SEE WHAT HAPPENS NEXT![Chapter 4] My creativity just really sunk in… You are all in for some fun surprises from here on out! Here's chapter 4, please keep the great reviews flowing… Enjoy! Chapter 4: Surprises? Or Just Secrets? Destiny walked toward the entrance of the bar as the time was going on five-thirty. The place didn't open till six o' clock but, workers and performers had to be there an hour ahead to set up. Destiny always walked in with a smile but today her grin was even wider, as she greeted her fellow bartender and best friend Ryanne. \"You're late\" Ryanne shot \"Sorry! I lost track of time\" Destiny squealed hugging Ryanne shortly \"But, I'm glad you're back from your vacation\" The tall, slim, blue-eyed, sandy blonde Ryanne stared strangely at an extra excited Destiny as she danced throughout the room. \"What?\" Destiny smiled taking off her jacket seeing Ryanne staring at her \"What's with all the joy?\" \"I can't be happy?\" she asked \"I'm always happy\" \"But not this happy\" Ryanne said sitting on the counter \"What's up? Is it Beau? You two finally hooked up?\" Destiny's smiled turned into a slight frown \"No Ry\" she said grabbing a stool and sitting near Ryanne \"Then spill it?\" \"Well my best friend from my childhood is coming to California!\" she squealed \"Do I know him?\" Ryanne asked \"No, he left for Nashville about a year before you arrived, and he's been touring with his band and some singer for the past year or so, so we haven't spoken or seen each other in awhile\" Destiny explained \"Was he on tour with someone famous?\" \"Not sure, I told you we haven't spoken in almost two years, so you can imagine my surprise when I got a call from him this morning!\" Ryanne chuckled lightly at her friends' excitement \"When's he coming?\" \"He should be here tonight around seven the latest eight\" she said looking at her watch \"Is he hot?\" the promiscuous blonde asked \"Uh, he's my best friend Ry, I don't see him like that\" she scoffed \"I just remember me and him, sitting in the park by the lake, playing music together\" she replied as she got weary eyed in thought \"You really miss him, huh?\" \"You have no idea\" \"I think I do\" she smirked nudging her friend lightly Destiny sighed and stared around, at the work to be done \"Let's get this over with\" Ryanne said hopping down from the counter, as the two started to prepare for opening. Ryanne and Destiny turned up some pre-recorded music. Songs like Leann Rimes Can't Fight the Moonlight to Kenny Chesney's There Goes My Life blasted throughout the bar as they wiped down tables, set up stools around the bar, got fresh ice cold beers and other alcoholic beverages, and set up the sound equipment on stage for their nights' performers. Simultaneously, Beau's light blue pickup truck had just pulled up in the back alley with Chiles in the passenger seat. Beau got out of the car and put out his cigarette, casually dressed in denim jeans, a brown button down and his signature ten gallon hat. \"Are you sure the set producer here won't mind if I perform?\" Chiles asked as she got out of the truck slamming the door shut, dressed in a long jean skirt and a red and white striped but down top, and her usual black boots. \"I don't know, it depends on how many acts he has already lines up, but it doesn't hurt to ask\" Beau replied grabbing his guitar case \"And besides you're Chiles Stanton, he'd be stupid to turn that down\" Chiles smiled as Beau came around the truck. She wrapped her arms around his waist as they walked toward the back entrance of the bar. Ryanne and Destiny were just about finish when they heard the back entrance door open. Seeing Beau and Chiles walk in together couldn't ruin a still very enthusiastic Destiny! \"You're about forty-five minutes late Nashville\" Destiny did her ordinary teasing of Beau. \"I know I'm sorry\" he smiled sitting down his guitar on stage \"Don't be, she was thirty minutes late\" Ryanne butted in before noticing Beau's arm candy \"Holy shit!\" Ryanne said aloud at the superstar \"Your Chiles Stanton\" she squealed Chiles smiled and nodded \"Oh yeah, I forgot to tell you she was here last night\" Destiny replied \"How could you forget to tell me something like this\" Ryanne said coming from behind the bar \"I'm like a huge fan\" she told Chiles shaking her hand \"Thank you!\" Chiles smiled sweetly \"Why the hell didn't you tell me you knew Chiles Stanton, Beau\" Ryanne shot hitting Beau in the gut \"Sorry\" he chuckled \"But, Chiles this is my crazy yet aggressive friend Ryanne\" he chuckled as Chiles nodded \"And Destiny was here last night but I didn't get a chance to introduce you two\" he lastly replied \"Nice to meet you\" both Chiles and Destiny greeted each other in unison \"Did Jim ask about me?\" Beau asked about the manager of the club \"Did he notice I was late?\" \"He's not coming in tonight, we're in charge\" Ryanne told \"We?\" Destiny stared at her \"Okay, Destiny's in charge\" Ryanne rolled her eyes pulling a cigarette from her purse which laid on the bar \"Thank you\" Destiny chuckled at her friends' animosity. Beau laughed lightly at the girls' bickering \"Hey Des does that mean you're in charge of the sets tonight?\" Beau asked \"Uh yes!\" she answered \"Hey Beau you got a match?\" Ryanne asked with a cigarette hanging out the side of her mouth Beau quickly reached into his pocket and pulled out his lighter before tossing it to Ryanne who went out the back door… Beau quickly nudge Chiles who sat in a stool, before walking over to Destiny who made herself occupied with cutting up some empty boxes to avoid clutter in the joint. \"So, is tonight's line up full already?\" he asked her \"Uh, I don't think so I was kind of hoping to get two more acts in\" she told him \"Why?\" \"What about Chiles?\" \"What about her?\" she asked \"Can she have a set?\" \"Chiles wants to perform here?\" \"Yeah, I told her I could talk to the set producer but since that's you tonight, I'm asking you\" Beau said \"Uh, sure if she wants to\" Destiny shrugged \"It'd be an honor\" Beau smiled and pulled Destiny in for a light hug. \"Thank you\" he said \"You won't be disappointed\" \"Well, duh she's Chiles Stanton\" Destiny chuckled, continuing her duties Beau smiled before he turned to walk away. He quickly stopped in his tracks to turn and face Destiny again. Not that he didn't enjoy the non-dramatic Chiles reaction from Destiny, he was just surprise how calm she was about everything. \"Hey Des can I ask you a question?\" he said \"Sure, something wrong?\" she said referring to his tone of voice \"I just wanted to know\" he stated \"Are we okay?\" \"Yes\" she smiled \"Why wouldn't we be?\" \"I don't know\" \"I told you leaving me last night was not a big deal\" she assured \"You know I was still here\" he said looking down catching her attention \"Guitars just don't get up and walk outside and wait for their owners\" he thought \"You saw me and Chiles kissing last night didn't you?\" Destiny finally stopped moving around, as she stared down \"That's why you left?\" he asked \"So what if I did?\" she spoke folding her arms \"Des, I'm…\" Beau started \"Beau it's no big deal, I promise\" \"No it's not because I know we had something, Right? We did have something or was I just imagining it?\" Destiny sighed and nodded \"And Chiles shows up and everything with me and you is all messed up\" he explained \"Beau listen?\" she told him \"I'm fine! Chiles seems like she makes you happy and that's all that matters\" she said picking up the pieces of boxes she cut up… Beau stood there in silence, as he leaned on the nearby wall Destiny started to walk away but notice Beau unsure facial expression \"Hey\" she called out Beau looked up and laid his blue eyes on the small blonde \"We're good\" she smiled \"I promise\" Beau nodded and put on a slight grin before Destiny turned with the cut up boxes in her hands, heading for the back alley. Destiny struggled to open the door as she stumbled a bit. She managed to reach the outside as she walked past a smoking Ryanne and toward the dumpsters. \"So how do you feel about that?\" Ryanne said sitting on the steps \"About what?\" Destiny asked tossing the trash out \"Beau… Chiles Stanton\" Destiny stared at Ryanne with a blank expression as if she was clueless \"Their together!\" Ryanne told \"Yeah I know!\" \"And you don't care?\" \"Nope, not really?\" she lied Ryanne shook her head and chuckled sarcastically, before inhaling another hit \"Yeah right!\" \"Yeah right what?\" \"You know you and Beau had a thing, and now that is over you can't tell me you don't care\" Ryanne shot Destiny rolled her eyes and shot past Ryanne \"It's time to open\" she shot back before going in. \"Ready guys\" she skipped past Beau and Chiles and other performers already in the bar as she went toward the entrance and turned the open lights on, causing a few customers who were lined up outside already to enter. In no time, the place was beginning to crowd. Destiny and Ryanne took their place behind the bar as Beau made his way to the stage hand and hand with Chiles being the night's openers. \"Tonight I have a little surprise for you all\" Beau began to speak in the microphone as the citizens of California began to cheer \"My friend Chiles Stanton will be performing for you all tonight\" Hearing Beau speak of Chiles performing caused the cheers to elevate. Chiles smiled as she heard fans cheer her name and show their support. \"I miss this sound\" she whispered to Beau, who smiled \"This first song, maybe some of you heard it is called Give In To Me \" he replied before he started playing. \" I'm gonna wear you down I'm gonna make you see I'm gonna get to you You're gonna give into me\" Beau sung as he stared at Chiles with the same affection behind his eyes as he always had. \" I'm gonna start a fire You're gonna feel the heat I'm gonna burn for you You're gonna melt for me\" Come on, come on Into my arms Come on, come on Give into me \"Look at the way he looks at her?\" Destiny slightly smiled as she and Ryanne watched their performance \"She's sensational\" Chiles smiled at Beau before her verse came in… You're gonna take my hand Whisper the sweetest words And if you're ever sad I'll make you laugh I'll chase the hurt My heart is set on you I don't want no one else And if you don't want me I guess I'll be all by myself Come on, come on Into my arms Come on, come on Give into me \"Maybe I did like Beau once upon a time\" Destiny confessed to Ryanne as the performance continued \"But how can I compete with that… How can I compete with her\" she said watching how good of chemistry Beau and Chiles had on stage. I'll use my eyes to draw you in Until I'm under your skin I'll use my lips, I'll use my arms Come on, come on, come on Give into me Give into me Give into me The song finished as the crowd went wild for the two great performers, including Destiny and Ryanne. Beau and Chiles smiled at each other then at the loving audience. \"I'm going to let Chiles perform this next song alone\" he announced next handing off his guitar to her \"Hi everybody!\" Chiles said in her sweet southern tone \"This next song is an original, entitled A Little Bit Stronger \" she introduced \" Woke up late today, and I still feel the sting of the pain. But I brushed my teeth anyway, got dressed through the mess and put a smile on my face. I got a little bit stronger.\" Beau stood of to the side of the stage as Chiles continued to perform the rest of her set with songs such as A Little Bit Stronger and Words I Couldn't Say. Meanwhile, Destiny and Ryanne continued to run the bar. With all the commotion Destiny almost forgot her reason for happiness that day. He got out of his van standing six feet tall, with dark hair, dark eyes dressed shaggy in denim jeans a plain button down, brown coat and his guitar in hand. \"Home sweet home\" he said with a smile to himself before making his way into the familiar bar… The bar was extremely busy that night, Destiny and Ryanne usually would make conversation with the people who sat bar side but they had so many customers they had to play the night by ear, they didn't even have time to look up at their customers. \"What can I get you?\" Destiny asked someone she saw approach through her peripheral vision, as she was multitasking \"How about a brew and a hug\" he replied The weird response finally cause Destiny to look up, the view causing her eyes to widened \"Surprise\" he smiled seeing her expression \"Cory!\" Destiny squealed quickly and excitedly hoping over the bar Cory smiled as he picked Destiny up and twirled her around in a hug. \"I take it you missed me\" he smiled \"Too much!\" she said; now back on her two feet \"Good\" he replied taking a look around \"This place has changed\" \"I know it's more live nowadays\" Destiny told \"No performers tonight?\" Cory said looking at the stage which was now empty \"Of course we do\" she answered \"Believe it or not we just had Chiles Stanton perform\" Cory stared at Destiny strangely \"Wait… What?\" Cory asked \"Oh wait! You got to meet my best friend Ryanne\" she excitedly but unintentionally ignored him, as she pulled him behind the bar where Ryanne was still busy. \"Ryanne!\" Destiny smiled, stepping in front her \"A little busy here\" Ryanne replied \"I know but remember my childhood friend I told you about\" Destiny said \"This is Cory!\" she introduce Ryanne stopped and smiled \"Nice to meet you!\" she smiled, before smirking flirtatiously at Destiny Destiny smiled and rolled her eyes playfully seeing Ryanne expression \"If you don't take him I will\" she whispered to Destiny, but Cory also heard \"Listen, I want to introduce him to Beau, can you handle the chaos here for awhile?\" Destiny asked \"Sure, just don't be too long\" Ryanne shrugged tending to more customers as they approached. \"Thank you!\" Destiny said snatching Cory's guitar from him and placing it safely behind the bar and pulling him into the opposite direction \"Who are we going to meet again?\" Cory asked as they made their way through the crowd \"My friend Beau, you'll like him\" she yelled over the music that was playing over the system until their next performer was up \"He reminds me so much of you, the kid is so talented\" Cory shrugged as they finally reached backstage where Beau was tuning his guitar. \"Beau\" Destiny squealed as he was initially sitting with his back toward them Beau turned and immediately grinned \"Beau this is my friend…\" she started but was interrupted \"Cory Younts!\" Beau finished \"Beau Hutton\" Cory smiled as Destiny stared strangely \"How are you?\" he replied shaking his hand \"Good man, what are you doing here?\" Beau asked \"Wait!\" Destiny interfered \"Am I missing something, how do you two know each other?\" \"When I was on tour Cory was one of my band members\" Beau explained \"How do you two know each other?\" Beau retaliated \"Cory grew up here; he's been my best friend since we were children\" she told \"Yeah, I just came to visit though, me and the guys are doing pretty well in Nashville\" Cory said \"What a small world\" Destiny exclaimed \"So you must know Chiles Stanton too\" \"Yeah\" Cory nodded \"Where is Chiles?\" Destiny asked Beau \"I'm sure she would be glad to see you again too\" \"Wait! Chiles is here!\" Cory asked surprised \"Yeah, I told you we had her perform\" Cory stared strangely then shook his head. Meanwhile, Chiles had just come from the bathroom freshening up her hair and makeup. She looked around and immediately saw Beau, Destiny and a third person she couldn't see all that well. She shyly walked up, coming from behind Beau. Her always delighted smile soon turned upside down \"There she is\" Destiny smiled, seeing the dark hair beauty \"Chiles you remember Cory right?\" Beau asked \"Yeah\" she said appearing to be a little less then pleased \"What are you doing here?\" \"Visiting my friend Destiny\" he said \"Oh…\" she said staring down \"Well, you three should catch up I have to get back and help Ryanne at the bar before she kills me\" Destiny joked before walking away \"Drinks on the house if you guys want them\" she lastly said \"Actually, it's just you two I have to get on stage for my set\" Beau said looking at the time \"But, we can have a smoke after I'm done\" he finished as he grabbed his nearby guitar and walking on stage, Chiles folded her arms and stared at Cory, as they heard the crowd screaming for Beau \"Okay Younts, what are you really doing here?\" she shot \"I really just came to visit a friend\" he said \"The real question is what are you doing here?\" \"I came for Beau\" she answered Cory chuckled and shook his head \"Look! I am!\" Chiles argued quietly \"You don't need to lie to me Chiles!\" Cory said \"We both know why you're really here?\" \"Yeah Beau!\" \"Yeah right!\" Chiles stared down then back at Cory realizing his rights. \"But, I'm not going to say anything!\" he told her \"Really?\" she asked \"Why?\" \"Because though you're being selfish, I like Beau and he's a good man, he doesn't deserve to have his heart stomped on…\" Cory said \"Again!\" Chiles watched as Cory walked away, before she made her way to the side of the stage where she could watch Beau perform one of his best hits Chances Are … \" Hold me like I mean it. Stay 'til you believe it. And we'll see if we can fill an empty heart. But I won't tell you what the chances are.\" Chiles stared at Beau, and smiled slightly \"Chiles what did you do?\" she finished rubbing her forehead, disappointed in herself as Beau finished his song… \" One foot on the narrow way, and one foot on the ledge. Sifting through the devil's lies, and what the good Book says. If I'm going anywhere, I'll probably go too far. And probably away from you, chances are. Chances are…\" Please Review! (Sorry if the ending sucked =(..I tried to end it the best way I knew how!) Question: Am I putting in too much music? (Please let me know so if so I can stop!) Pointless note: When watching Country Strong one thing I always said was \"Damn, I love how Beau looks at Chiles\"… Did anyone else notice how beautifully he stared at her during Give In To Me and the ending (*melts*)lol… But, that's why I had to add it in my … Also: Cory Younts played in Country Strong as one of Beau's band members. He sung backup for Hard out Here and Chances are. He also had the infamous line, at the scene near the elevator \"Beau you're an asshole\" (lol)… A picture of him is on my profile if you don't remember and also one of Ryanne (who is not a real character). Disclaimer: A little bit Stronger is originally by Sara Evans and belong to its rightful owners. The Words I Couldn't Say is sung by the Rascal Flatts and belongs to it's rightful owners! STAY TUNED TO SEE WHAT'S NEXT TO COME![Chapter 5] Hey all, here again with another update! Thanks for all the great reviews please keep them coming. Here's Chapter 5, Enjoy! Chapter 5: A little more fun, a lot less drama. Destiny hopped out of the shower in a pink cozy robe, fuzzy slippers, and her wet hair rolled up in a white towel. She walked down stairs and saw Cory still sleep on her couch. Destiny placed her hands on her hips, before going over to the window and opening the curtains causing the sun to brightly shine through. \" Get up!\" she said before pulling the covers off of him. \" No!\" he replied covering his face with his arm, trying to block his eyes from the sun \" Younts! It's one o' clock\" \" So you said you don't have to be to work until five\" he argued, still with his eyes shut \" I know but I told Beau that we could all have lunch\" she said sitting on the opposite couch \" Me, you and him?\" \" And Chiles\" Destiny stated Cory sighed before he slowly sat up \" And I had no say so in all of this?\" \" Not really\" she smirked \" And there is no way I can get out of it?\" he asked \" Not really!\" she replied \"So stop being lazy and go shower up, we're leaving in forty-five minutes\" Destiny said before getting up and going to her kitchen for a bottle of water from the refrigerator. \" Yes mother\" Cory teased before slowly making his way to the bathroom. Destiny chuckled at his comment. Seeing him go into the downstairs guest bathroom, she went upstairs to finish getting dressed. Minutes had gone by; when the two were finally ready to get their day started. Destiny came downstairs in long denim jeans, a yellow and black striped shirt, with dark boots, her light blonde hair straight in a half of ponytail. She smiled at Cory who was casually dressed in jeans and a blue button down. \" Ready?\" she asked him grabbing her coat \" Nope!\" he said leaning against the wall \" Well, too bad\" she told grabbing his arm and pulling him toward the door \" Wait, Wait!\" he whined before going over near the couch and grabbing his guitar \" Must you bring that guitar wherever you go?\" she asked \" Yes I must\" he said \"Besides you never know when someone needs some entertainment\" \" Well, we're going to Jake's Joint so I'm sure there will be enough entertainment, with Karaoke and all\" \" Karaoke?\" Cory laughed \"You have to get a couple of beers in me before you go up and embarrass me\" \" That can definitely be arranged\" Destiny joked as the two walked outside into the bright sun. Meanwhile, Beau and Chiles had been at Jake's Joint for awhile with their first beers already in front of them, and two drunken people already on the Karaoke stage. Beau found the pair to be amusing but Chiles seemed to be stuck in another world. \" That's going to be us in a couple of hours\" Beau laughed at the couple on stage singing Johnny Cash's Ring of Fire . His eyes motioned away from the entertainment and to Chiles who was still dazed out \" Chiles?\" Chiles jumped a little hearing her name called out, and put on a slight smile for Beau \" Are you okay?\" he asked \" Yes, why?\" \" You just seem a little out of it since last night\" he told her \"You sure you're okay?\" \" Yes I promise\" she told him rubbing his knee lightly \"I'm just glad I got a chance to perform last night\" she lied \"I'm just so happy here…with you!\" Beau smiled lightly before pulling Chiles in lightly for a kiss. Destiny and Cory had finally made it to the restaurant and immediately saw Beau and Chiles together, before approaching their table. \" Hey, public display of affection is prohibited in some places Nashville\" Destiny joked as she and Cory sat down \" Nothing's prohibited in California\" Beau smiled, greeting the two \" Have you guys been here long?\" Destiny asked removing her coat and placing it on the back of her seat. \" About fifteen minutes\" he answered before chugging some of his beer \" And you ordered beers without us\" Destiny whined \" Look, we agreed on two o'clock and it is now two-thirty meaning you two are thirty minutes late\" Beau argued \"We couldn't wait forever\" \" Well, it's Cory fault\" Destiny snickered \"The lazy man wouldn't get up\" Destiny and Beau looked at Cory who stared at Chiles, someone avoiding eye contact with him… \" Uh... Destiny can I get you a beer?\" Chiles asked as she started to get up \"Wanting a reason to leave the table \" Sure\" she smiled \"Thank you Chiles\" \" Cory?\" Chiles nervously asked \" Yeah, sure\" he bluntly replied Chiles walked away, as Beau focused his attention to the onstage entertainment \" What is the matter with you?\" Destiny whispered to Cory so Beau couldn't here \" Nothing?\" \" Then can you get rid of your grumpy pants and lighten up\" she ordered \"Your attitude is annoying\" she shot as he rolled his eyes Chiles quickly came back to the table with four beers \" Thanks\" Destiny politely said \" Yeah, thank you Chiles\" Cory genuinely replied Chiles smiled at how nice Cory was and sat back in her seat, as they began to feel comfortable around each other \" So did you guys eat already too?\" Destiny asked Beau and Chiles \" Not yet, Beau wanted to but I suggested we wait\" Chiles responded \" Come on, Nashville we weren't that late\" Destiny said hitting Beau on the arm \" I consider that late when I'm starving\" Beau chuckled \" Well, now we can eat\" Destiny told them, \"And because we were late, lunch is on me\" Chiles, Beau, and Cory lightly cheered at her sweet gesture \" So what do you all want?\" she asked getting up, \" Pulled pork\" both Cory and Beau said in unison \" Of course\" Destiny responded \"Chiles?\" \" Can I come with you; I'm not sure what they serve?\" \" Sure!\" Destiny replied with a smile, as she and Chiles walked to the ordering counter. Red Mosquito, by Pearl Jam was next brought to shame on the Karaoke stage by more outgoing customers. Chiles and Destiny walked through the crowd and landed at the counter staring up at the menu. \" I always get their baked barbeque chicken with white rice\" Destiny told her \"Trust me it's the best\" \" That does sound good\" Chiles smiled \" It is\" she agreed \" I'll have that then\" Destiny smiled as they reached the front of the line. The cashier took their orders and briefly had them waiting before giving them each two plates to carry. Destiny and Chiles were on their way back to their table when they heard somewhat of a live guitar beginning to play. \" Well, after all these years of running 'round Always flying high and fallin' down I gotta get back to the way I was Gonna turn it all 'round just because And everybody's talkin' about the shape I'm in They say \"boy, you ain't a poet, just a drunk with a band.\" All over and over, again and again, Lord, they don't know about the places I've been\" \" Does that sound like…?\" Chiles asked as the two girls really couldn't see the stage due to all the people crowding it The two finally reached their now empty table which helped them clarify the night's performers \" Beau and Cory\" Destiny chuckled at the two they heard onstage. Destiny and Chiles sat their food down on the table before standing on their chairs to see the stage over the crowd. They laughed at and cheered on Beau and Cory on stage as they continued their performance \" It gets hard out here I know it don't look it I used to have heart, but the highway took it The game was right, but the deal was crooked Lord, I'll make it perfectly clear, it gets hard out here\" \" I knew we shouldn't have left those two alone?\" Destiny chuckled, along with Chiles \" I think Beau had one too many beers already\" Chiles joked Destiny and Chiles continued to pick on, yet cheer on the two guys that were now finally making their way back through the crowd, and back to their table. \" And you say I'm an embarrassment\" Destiny teased Cory getting down from the chair. \" You are\" Beau teased Destiny helping Chiles down \" Not as embarrassing as you two just were\" Chiles sided with Destiny \" Oh so now you're taking her side\" Beau chuckled sitting down \" Yeah, you two can't do any better than us\" Cory challenged \" Put your money where your mouth is\" Destiny smirked at Cory \" Fine, if you two have the guts to go up there, and actually draw in a bigger crowd… then…\" he thought \" Then dinner tonight will be on us, at any restaurant you two want to go to\" Beau finished \" Dinner is already supposed to be on the guys\" Chiles replied \"You two have to come up with something better than that\" \" Yeah, give us something that will embarrass you two\" \" That wasn't embarrassing enough?\" Cory replied \" Well, take each of us out on a romantic evening\" Chiles stated, as Beau looked at her and Destiny and Cory looked at each other \" Uh… Cory and Destiny don't date…\" Beau said \" It's cool with me if it's cool with Des…\" Cory replied \" Uh… Sure\" Destiny agreed putting on a slight smiled \" Well, you two are going to lose anyway so, you don't have to be stuck with Destiny all night\" Beau joked Destiny slapped Beau across the head before she and Chiles made their way to the stage \" Any song ideas?\" Destiny asked as they reached tip of the stage \" I have a song in mind, but I don't know if you know it\" Chiles said \" I might!\" she smiled \"What is it?\" \" It's a song that drives Beau crazy\" Chiles smirked Destiny smiled \"Tell me more…\" \" Welcoming next to the stage Destiny Love and Chiles Stanton\" the announcer said Beau and Cory were eating before they heard the familiar names and stood up giving them direct attention. \" I drive an army jeep My bumper sticker reads Drink 'til he's cute That's what I'm gonna do Ain't got no serious thing Don't wear no diamond ring I've got a new tattoo I think you'll like the view\" Destiny had been a fan of Chiles for awhile so she was very familiar with her number one hit song. \"In my mind The sun shines All the time \" Beau shook his head before chuckling lightly. \" Yes! Your favorite song Beau\" Cory chuckled \" 'Cause I'm just a summer girl I wear my flip flops And when I let my hair down That's when the party starts And who needs a boyfriend I've got my girlfriends And when we get together The summer never ends\" The two girls also drew a crowd, but an even bigger one at that, as they cheered on the two talented beauties. \" I say they only won because she's famous\" Cory chuckled standing next to Beau, as the loud crowd roars signified that they lose the bet. \" Yeah, but she's also great\" Beau stared up on stage Cory looked at Beau as he stared at Chiles \" You really glad she's back?\" Cory asked him \" You have no idea!\" Beau smiled Cory thought about what he knew about Chiles and really couldn't risk hurting his friend. \" Yeah, And with friends like Destiny and a guy like you of course, it seems like she's really here to stay…\" Cory said patting Beau on the back \" I hope so, she gave up a career for me\" he replied Cory shook his head and stared at the stage \" Yeah… she risked a lot…\" he lastly said \"And she still is…\" he whispered to himself, as the cheers for the two got louder when the performance ended… Please Review! One thing I've been told I do is put too much into A single chapter, so I'm really working on saving surprises instead of giving them all away at once, that's why this chapter is more friendly and drama free… STAY TUNED TO SEE WHAT HAPPENS NEXT![Chapter 6] Hey sorry it took longer this time around, but I've been really busy with school and stuff, thanks to all the wonderful reviews they are greatly appreciated. Here's Chapter 6. Chapter 6: A little less romantic Chiles walked down the stairs wearing a nice black fitted dress, with her dark hair in her usually loose bouncy curls. Beau couldn't take his crystal blue eyes off of her. \"Wow!\" he smiled \"You look amazing\" Chiles blushed a bit \"Thank you\" she replied \"And you look very handsome, as always\" she told the tall Nashville native as he stood there in a black button down and jeans. \"A bet's a bet right\" he said holding out his hand \"Right!\" she smiled cuffing it. Chiles and Beau walked out of the house hand and hand. Chiles then stared strangely as Beau pulled her opposite of the truck. \"Where are we going?\" \"This is my surprise so let me worry about it, you just go with the flow\" he smirked. Chiles and Beau walked for awhile, and she suddenly stopped in her tracks feeling as though her eyes were deceiving her \"Aw… Beau\" Chiles smiled Chiles and Beau walked up to a nice candle lit dinner on the beach. Beau had arranged it all when Chiles was out shopping with Destiny earlier that day. \"See the same old Beau is still a hopeless romantic\" he smiled pulling her seat out for her… \"How did you? This is amazing\" she blushed sitting down \"You said you wanted a romantic evening, you said nothing about going out to a restaurant or something, and I know how you love this beach, so I wanted to be creative\" \"Well, this is incredible\" Chiles said looking around at the beauty of the beach site and the candle lit dinner \"So I did well?\" \"Better than good Beau Hutton\" she said leaning forward and kissing him Beau shared the passionate kiss as the wind blew and the sound of the waves soothed them. He pulled apart and took the lid their food that he'd prepared prior to their dinner. \"You're favorite!\" he smiled \"Spaghetti\" Chiles smile became even wider… \"This is too much\" she said \"It is not! It's simple but romantic…like me\" he joked \"It's is\" she said softly stared at him eat Chiles looked around then back at Beau, repeating this action a few times as silence filled the air \"Are you ok?\" he asked \"Yes\" she lied \"Chiles, something seems like it's been eating at you, for a few days now\" he said \"You can't tell me?\" \"It's nothing!\" \"Don't tell me it's nothing because I know it's something Chiles\" he replied \"The girl I love can't fool me!\" \"You still love me?\" she asked \"Of course\" he replied \"Don't I show it?\" Chiles softly nodded looking down \"I know, after the tour, things were hectic, but all I care about is that you are here now\" he spoke \"It took you awhile to realize what you want but all that matters is that you did! Better late than never\" Chiles slightly smiled \"I love you too Beau\" she smiled \"I really do, but I really don't deserve this\" \"Why?\" he argued \"Stop beating around the bush and just tell me what's on your mind?\" \"I can't\" she whispered \"I can't lose you again…\" Beau stared at her, and those words alone meant there was a secret, and this secret could possibly make our break them… \"Do you want this?\" he said Chiles just stared at him \"Do you want us?\" he argued \"You know I do!\" \"Then stop hiding stuff from me!\" he slightly yelled \"I'm Beau, the same Beau I've always been, I am a strong believer of forgiveness, nothing you can tell me can destroy what I feel for you\" he spoke \"So please just reconsider, holding whatever it is bothering you in…\" Chiles stared as tears filled her eyes; she knew Beau was going to find out one way or another. It was bound to get around she just didn't know how to tell him… \"Can I work up to telling you?\" she replied \"Can I please have time?\" she softly said \"I promise I will tell you! I just need this Beau…\" she said with tears falling down Beau shook his head, and was hard feeling sympathy for her but then again it was hard seeing the girl he loved cry. Chiles grew to be one of the strongest women Beau ever knew and to see her break down, crushed him, he knew it was something bad… Beau slid his chair out and put his napkin on his plate… \"Take all the time you need\" he said slowly getting up. He turned to walk away but before doing so, he walked over to Chiles and gave her a kiss on the forehead… Chiles sat alone at the beach, after Beau began to walk away. Once again she felt her entire world falling into pieces… Please Review! I know it was short but, I realize I'm only on Chapter 6 and have so much going on already so I need to slow the pace down a bit. I left it at only Chiles and Beau this chapter for a more personal feel of the two… Hope you enjoyed! Hope it has you all anticipating the secret! STAY TUNED TO SEE WHAT COMES NEXT![Chapter 7] Hi all, back with another update! Sorry for the wait, but as I mentioned before school is kicking my butt. Luckily the week after next I will be on spring break so I will be updating as rapidly as I was in the beginning. Here's Chapter 7: The \"Look\" Destiny long straight blonde hair blew through the wind as she sat in the grass of the local park in nice white pants, and a black silk ruffled blouse alongside childhood sweetheart Cory. She smiled at Cory who stroked the strings of his guitar, as both persons moved their head to the soft melody, before she began to sing. Dancin' in the dark, middle of the night Takin' your heart and holdin' it tight Emotional touch, touchin' my skin And asking you to do What you've been doin' all over again Cory's slightly blushed at the angelic sound coming from her. Oh, it's a beautiful thing Don't think I can keep it all in I just gotta let you know What it is that won't let me go? He always had feelings for her but never acted upon it until that very night. He continued to play, but in the process he could not stop staring as he finally got some alone time with Destiny. \"Sing with me\" she whispered to him in between versus, before the two of them finished the song together. It's your love It just does something to me It sends a shock right through me I can't get enough And if you wonder About the spell I'm under Oh, it's your love The two of them chuckled lightly, as Cory placed his guitar to the side. \"Good ole Tim McGraw\" he smiled \"Classic!\" \"Cory, I miss this\" Destiny smiled at him \"Miss what?\" \"Just you and me, the music, everything\" She confessed \"The good ole days\" he chuckled \"Yeah, before you went all Nashville on me\" She teased \"I did not!\" he laughed before drifting off and staring up at the stars Destiny giggled as well before staring up in the same direction as Cory \"So, tell me about life in the fast lane\" she asked as Cory looked back at her \"I tried getting it out of Beau, but he makes it seem like nothing\" Cory shrugged \"I wouldn't say nothing, but trust me it is not all you would hope and dream for\" \"What do you mean?\" Destiny frown in confusion \"It's an ugly world; they build you up just to tear you down\" \"Well, I still don't see it\" Destiny shrugged \"Chiles has gotten an amazing career in such a short amount of time\" Cory stared at Destiny then shook his head. Destiny noticed his awkward gesture before frowning a little more \"What was that?\" \"Nothing\" he replied \"Next subject\" Destiny shrugged and sighed \"Want to play you tell me I'll tell you\" she smirked Growing up Cory and Destiny had a game they made up together. They told each other everything. You tell me and I'll tell you was a game where they let each other in on secrets each of them held in. Cory chuckled a little before nodding his head \"Yes\" \"Ok\" Destiny sighed \"My secret is, I'm kind of jealous of Chiles\" Cory eyes shot open \"Why?\" \"Not just because of her successful career, but because she has Beau\" she admitted Cory stared down \"You like him?\" \"No… I don't know\" she honestly said \"But, it's not because their together, it's the love she receives from him\" she continued \"The way he looks at her, with such passion. That's what I'm jealous of… I want someone to look at me like that\" Cory nodded before staring at her \"What about me?\" he asked \"What do you mean?\" \"Don't I look at you like that?\" Destiny stared strangely \"Well, I don't know I guess I've never really paid attention\" she replied \"I'm sorry\" \"It's expected\" \"Yeah, I mean why would you look at me like that?\" \"D I've been in love with you since I was thirteen\" Cory chuckled nervously \"You have?\" \"I know, I haven't been the bravest when showing it but, it's there\" he admitted Destiny stared and slightly smiled as Cory stared back. A moment of silence went by as Destiny finally saw the look, the look she been dying to see from Beau, she saw from Cory. Cory finally build the confidence as he leaned in for a kiss, but was stopped by a resisting Destiny… \"But, you don't feel the same?\" he replied \"No.. It's not that!\" she giggled \"I just have to know?\" \"Know?\" \"Did you and Chiles have a 'thing'\" she boldly asked \"What!\" He replied surprisingly \"No! Never!\" he began to laugh \"Seriously?\" \"What on earth makes you think that?' \"Well, you two act so weird toward each other\" Destiny pointed out \"You notice that?\" \"The entire damn bar can see that\" Destiny folded her arms \"Look, me and Chiles never had anything, I was just her band member\" he told \"So what's with the weird vibes than?\" Cory sighed as Destiny waited for an explanation \"Let me just put it this way… I know something about Chiles that I can't really speak on\" \"But, we tell each other everything\" \"And this is just something I have to keep to myself\" he replied \"I don't want to but for the safety of a lot of people it is best I don't want to take that risk\" \"This must be some secret\" she said \"You have no idea!\" \"Please Cory I won't tell anyone, you know me!\" \"It's not exactly a secret to be hiding from everyone, its….someone!\" Destiny stared as her intelligence caught on \"Beau?\" Cory nodded \"What did she do?\" she softly asked \"I can't say\" he repeated standing \"I want to, but I can't\" \"Please! It was not easy for me to admit I was jealous of Chiles\" she pouted \"You owe me a secret anyway\" Cory chuckled a little at Destiny, before staring at her pouted lips. \"Ok!\" he gave in, \"But come closer, I don't want to risks anyone else hearing\" he said staring around at the California pedestrians walking around the park. Destiny moved in closer and gave Cory an ear. As he started to whisper in her ear, her eyes immediately shot open and her mouth wide. \"Oh my god!\" Destiny replied \"I know\" Cory nodded \"Well, it's not a horrible secret, like cheating\" Destiny tried to weigh the pros and cons \"But, it's almost similar, it's far from the honest truth\" Cory said \"Why doesn't she just tell Beau?\" \"Would you?\" Cory asked \"I don't know, that's a tough one\" she shrugged \"It's almost like living a lie\" \"It is living a lie\" he nodded \"But, promise not tell anyone, especially Beau\" Destiny felt guilty but made Cory a promise She sighed as she began staring at the nightly atmosphere, before looking at her watch \"We have to get to the bar\" Destiny said as Cory picked up his guitar \"This is going to be awkward a hell…\" she said lastly before the two of them walked away. Please Review! I tried to hint toward the secret more and let you know what it wasn't since a lot of you requested hints, that's why this one was just Cory and Destiny… Stay tuned![Chapter 8] Hey all! Sorry I've been M.I.A lately, but school is out and summer has started and now this job I have is kicking my butt, but good thing is I have some time off and I just wanted to go ahead in finish this story for you all, but I know it has been awhile, so the question I have is: Are you all still interested in me finishing this one? If so I will go ahead and finish it up this month, meaning probably updates every other day like I did before… So let me know how many of you all are still interested[Chapter 9] YAY! Back by popular demand. I appreciate you all so much, and I love that you all love the story, I am working on a few more so keep an eye out for them XD. Here's the official chapter 8. Chapter 8: Wedges Destiny quickly got out of the passenger's side Cory's pickup truck and ran into her workplace through the crowd that was already in the bar. \"I am so sorry I'm late again\" she replied as she threw her long blond hair up into a ponytail dressed in a simple black and white stripped dress and black boots. \"Don't worry me and Ryanne covered for you, like we always do\" Beau said to her as he sat up at the bar with his guitar \"Shut up, I'm not always late\" Destiny replied Beau stopped and gave her that \"yeah right\" look. \"Okay maybe I am\" she said climbing over the counter to get behind the bar \"But, I was with Cory all last night and we over slept today\" Beau paused \"Cory?\" he said \"What did you guys do?\" \"Oh… Just… went out to eat and sat in the park playing music all night\" she shrugged Beau nodded \"Did you already perform?\" she asked him, over the act that was currently on stage \"No, I'm up next\" he said \"Where's Chiles?\" Destiny Love asked looking around \"Is she performing tonight too?\" she continued pointing to the customer next to Beau to take his order \"Yeah, she's backstage warming up\" he smiled \"Can I ask you a question Des?\" Destiny paused \"Please don't be about Chiles\" she said in her head before getting the customer their drink and leaning on the counter in front of Beau \"Make it quick Nashville\" \"Do you think Chiles really want to be with me?\" Destiny sighed hoping they could avoid Chiles being the topic of discussion, due to what she recently found out. \"Uh… Why do you ask?\" she said \"I mean, what makes you doubt she does?\" \"Well, I notice she's been acting weird toward me lately\" Beau shrugged \"Like distant, almost shady in a way\" \"Oh…\" Destiny said not knowing she made her secret pretty obvious \"Did you ask her about it?\" \"Yeah, last night actually when we went out, and she admitted…\" \"She told you?\" Destiny blurted out before allowing Beau to finish, this action caused Beau to stare at her strangely when he did get the chance to complete his statement \"…She admitted to having something to tell me but she said she needed time\" he replied \"Wait! Tell me what?\" Destiny paused, and hesitated \"You know what this is about?\" he asked her due to her sudden silence Destiny looked up and suddenly smiled seeing Cory walking toward them \"Cory! Yes\" she said \"I have customers so Beau talk to Cory\" Destiny quickly said in one breath before making her way to the opposite side of the bar Cory stared strangely as Destiny left in a hurry, before looking at Beau who also has a weird look plastered on his face. \"What's up with her?\" Cory asked \"What's up with Chiles is the question?\" Beau said \"Oh…\" Cory replied hesitantly \"What do you mean?\" \"She hiding something for me, I know I can feel it, I felt it from the start\" \"Maybe you're just being paranoid?\" Cory said \"She admitted to having a few secrets, or a secret last night, and I'm trying to be cool man until she's ready to tell me because I don't want to force her into telling me and have her run off again\" Beau explained \"She's important to me and I doubt whatever it is we can get passed it, because her choosing the road over me, I believe is the bottom of the barrow so it can only go up from here… right?\" he asked his silent friend Cory sat in silence, as he stared around and spotted Chiles near the stage \"Man, I don't know what to do, the only thing there is to do is drink this shitty feeling away\" he said gulping some of his beer that was sitting in front of him Destiny watched Cory and a down Beau from the opposite side of the bar. She felt horrible for him and she hated keeping things from him but this was something she refused to get in the middle of as she knew it was not going to turn out pretty for any one of them. Destiny let out a sigh before continuing to work. \"Do you think you could talk to Chiles for me?\" Beau asked Cory \"Wait, what me?\" \"Yes, she won't tell me, Destiny does not know her all that well so I doubt she will open up to her, and you're my last hope\" he said in his deep southern dialect \"Me and Chiles never really seen eye to eye Beau so I doubt she'll tell me well\" \"What are you talking about, you were in her band you was on tour with her\" Beau said \"Please just for me man!\" Cory rolled his eyes and sighed as he spotted Chiles again in the same position near the stage \"Alright, I'll be back\" he said as he left Beau and his impatience allowed him to quickly maneuver his way through the crowd toward Chiles. \"Oh hey Cory\" Chiles softly said, but didn't get a response because when he reached her he quickly grabbed her by the arm and pulled her further backstage into a secluded area. \"Alright Chiles I tried, but I can't! Either you're going to tell him or me and it's going to happen tonight\" Chiles stared in disbelief \"Wait…\" she started but was interrupted by Cory once again \"No! I'm done waiting… This ends now! The truth comes out right now!\" Please review. More reviews faster the updates. Hope you all enjoyed it! Stay Tuned![Chapter 10] Chapter 10: & The Truth Is… Destiny was fully alert. In one direction she could see Cory and Chiles talking, and before in the opposite direction she could see Beau sitting at the bar. She continued to look back and forth and also tried to work all at the same time, but she was bound to lose one of her subjects. And that subject was Beau, because when she looked back in his direction all she saw was an empty chair, where he was sitting before. \"Hey Ryanne, I'll be back\" Destiny called out over the music to her colleague. Who just nodded her off, Destiny knew Beau didn't walk pass Chiles and Cory to head to the back so her second guess was the side alley of the bar. She's a good girl, loves her mama Loves Jesus and America too She's a good girl, crazy 'bout Elvis Loves horses and her boyfriend too It's a long day livin' in Reseda There's a freeway runnin' through the yard And I'm a bad boy, 'cause I don't even miss her I'm a bad boy for breakin' her heart And I'm free, I'm free fallin' Beau was in his usual thinking spot. He felt at ease in the alley on side of the place. He usually just likes to smoke a cigarette and play his guitar. For some reason it kind of gave him a taste of back at home in Nashville, away from all the annoying lights and glamour of California All the vampires walkin' through the valley Move west down Ventura Blvd And all the bad boys are standing in the shadows All the good girls are home with broken hearts And I'm free, I'm free fallin' Destiny reached the side of the building before peeking her head around the corner. She smiled when she saw Beau singing while playing his guitar. She didn't want to interrupt so she decided to let him finish: I wanna glide down over Mulholland I wanna write her name in the sky I wanna free fall out into nothin' Gonna leave this world for awhile And I'm free, I'm free fallin' Beau nodded to himself before putting his guitar to the side. Destiny made sure he was done before clapping and coming from around the corner and walking toward him… \"That was beautiful Nashville\" she compliment Beau shrugged and slightly smiled \"It's something I've been working on for awhile.\" He told her \"For Chiles?\" she asked sitting on an old crate next to him \"It wasn't a love song, it was about life in general\" he shrugged \"About how I'm just going with the flow, not really knowing where the hell I'm going to land\" \"Yep! About Chiles\" she nodded \"I guess it was\" he chuckled \"Wow! You really love her don't you?\" Destiny Love smiled as Beau honestly nodded \"Who knew deep down this big tough southern Beau Hutton, had a soft side\" \"Only she's been able to bring it out of me\" \"Why do you think that is?\" she asked \"She just has that 'thing' about her, that glow, she adorable\" he shrugged \"Sounds like love to me\" Destiny smiled \"Wow, I like this Beau\" \"What? You don't like Nashville?\" Beau chuckled Destiny giggle \"He's pretty great too, but I like seeing a softer side of you, before I didn't think anyone could knock that wall you have up down, but she did it in just a few days\" \"You said it best, she's sensational\" he smiled softly \"I just wish she didn't feel like she had to hide something from me\" Destiny looked down \"You have no idea how much, it's killing me I'm afraid that this visit is going to be a temporary thing and I'm going to lose her again\" Destiny paused, deep down she wanted to say something, but couldn't find the words as she and Beau sat in silence…. Meanwhile, back inside: \"Cory please, I can't do this yet I'm not ready\" Chiles pleaded \"Chiles he deserves to know!\" he raised his voice accidently as someone walked by and gave the two strange stares. Chiles rolled her eyes and pulled Cory by the arm and out the back door…. \"Sorry for being loud, But, he is ready to know Chiles. And the longer you hide this from him the more hurt he will be in the end\" Cory explained, \"And you can stop me from telling him, but you can't stop the media. I know Beau's old fashion but he does pick up a newspaper every now and then\" Cory explained \"He's going to find out regardless, and if he finds out from anyone but us, you especially that would destroy him\" \"I haven't found the words yet\" \"Chiles, you're just scared, you really want him now and you're afraid after he finds out he's not going to want you\" Cory boldly stated \"But, I can assure Chiles that's not true\" \"How do you know?\" Chiles softly said \"Beau is crazy about you and yes this is a messy situation but you love him now, and you're here for the right reasons now 'so you say' Chiles\" \"I do.. I am\" \"So go tell him, if you care about him you will tell him right now because he knows you have something to hide and he can't let it go, it's really screwing with his mind and you know a lot of things usually doesn't get to him\" Chiles paused and took a deep breath \"You think he'll stay?\" \"There's a good chance, if you want him that badly you won't let him go… Especially without a fight!\" Chiles smiled and nodded, but moments later her smiled soon became a frown suddenly when she saw a faint look on Cory's face who was no longer looking at her but passed her. She quickly turned her head and her heart immediately dropping when she saw Beau and Destiny standing there. \"Beau\" she softly said \"How long have you too been standing there\" \"Not long\" Destiny managed to say as Beau stared at Chiles in silence \"We were actually in the side alley\" Destiny said \"Meaning?\" Cory replied \"…We heard everything\" Beau firmly said still not taking his crystal blue eyes off of Chiles, as Destiny shrugged at Cory when the too made eye contact. \"I guess I should start from the beginning\" Chiles stared down \"No, I don't need a whole story, I just need a few facts\" Beau said \"What did Cory mean when he said you love me now?\" Chiles felt tears form as she looked away \"Cory I think we should go\" Destiny said, taking Beau's guitar for him as Cory nodded \"No stay, because Cory apparently you know more than I do and if she's lying again I'm going to need some clarity\" Beau replied. Destiny looked at Cory before patting him on the back before she walked back into the bar… \"Destiny where the hell is Beau, he was suppose to be on stage five minutes ago\" Ryanne said as soon as Destiny walked in \"Uh… He's handling some business outside\" Destiny softly told her \"Well, some entertainment better get on that stage now, or else the big boss man will be pissed\" Destiny sighed as she stared at Beau's guitar in her hands. She hated doing live performances but didn't want her or Beau to get into trouble so she went on stage: \"Hey everyone\" she sweetly said \"Beau will be back in a little while, but until then this is a little song I entitled Our Town\" she smiled as she spoke into the microphone before sitting on the stool ,as began to stroke the keys and singing: Long ago, but not so very long ago The world was different, oh yes it was You settled down and you built a town and made it live And you watched it grow It was your town Back outside, Chiles was in complete tears as Beau was pretty emotional himself as the secret was finally exposed \"So you were in jeopardy of being let go from your label, and you came to me, not for me but for my music\" Beau softly repeated what she confessed to have been hiding from him \"I-I I'm sorry, I just wanted that lifestyle so bad…\" \"THAT YOU WERE WILLING TO STEP ON ANYONE TO GET THERE!\" He yelled \"Beau take it easy!\" Cory came to Chiles' defense \"TAKE IT EASY? She comes back here just to use me for my music and you're telling me to take it easy!\" he continued to yell \"That's what I thought I wanted but I want you Beau!\" Chiles said \"Yeah NOW! But when you showed up here it was only because your label was one more horrible songs away from dropping you\" Chiles ran her fingers through her long brown hair as tears ran down his face \"I didn't want you to find out this way\" \"I knew you coming back here for me was too good to be true\" he softly said \"Beau, I don't care about that anymore! The business none of that, coming back here allowed for me to fall in love with you all over again believe me its true\" she pleaded \"I can't believe nothing else that comes out of your mouth Chiles\" he shook his \"You didn't choose me, the business chose for you, and that's not love\" he softly said as Cory stared strangely as he could hear Destiny singing inside the building… Main street isn't main street anymore Lights don't shine as brightly as they shone before Tell the truth, lights don't shine at all In our town Sun comes up each morning Just like it's always done Get up, go to work, start the day, Open up for business that's never gonna come As the world rolls by a million miles away Cory slightly smiled at the thought of her, but his joy didn't last when seeing two of his friends Beau and Chiles in such a horrible situation. \"Beau…\" Chile softly spoke but Beau refused to let her finished, as he didn't want to listen to anything else she said.. \"Chiles Stanton you used me, you made me look like a fool.\" He softly said turning his back \"You had some pretty selfish moments in the past Chiles but this takes the cake\" he lastly said before walking off leaving her in tears… Cory quickly walked back inside to catch the end of Destiny's performance, and to fill her in on what happened Main street isn't main street anymore No one seems to need us like they did before It's hard to find a reason left to stay But it's our town Love it anyway Come what may, it's our town. Destiny strummed the last chord before smiling at the applaud she got. She looked around at the audience and spotted Cory, as being on stage shortly got her mind off of reality, but seeing him quickly snapped her back. She smiled and bowed as she exited the stage and met up with Cory… \"She told him\" Cory said \"How'd he take it?\" Destiny replied \"We have to catch him before he goes\" Cory told grabbing her arm allowing the both of them to run toward the exit… Outside they saw Beau heading toward his pickup truck as the two rushed to him \"Beau wait!\" Destiny yelled Beau stopped and looked at Destiny, and then at Cory \"And Cory you knew\" Beau said \"I'm sorry Beau, we just thought it was something between you two\" Cory tried to explained \"We?\" Destiny stared at him, as he then connect the dots \"You knew too Destiny?\" he nodded \"And didn't say a word\" \"I'm sorry Beau\" Destiny also replied \"I didn't know how\" \"You know I'm getting real sick of hearing that come out of you all mouths\" he said before walking away… Destiny and Cory stared, as Chiles came from around the corner face full of tears \"Oh… And now you know why I always had that wall up\" Beau lastly replied to Destiny referring to their earlier conversation \"I can't trust anyone….\" He completed before getting into her truck and pulling off….. Please Review! The more reviews faster the updates =) Stay tuned! More to come! ","Summary":" Here's my new Country Strong Story: Timing is Everything ! Plot: It's been almost a year since the "},{"Movie":"One Special Night","Title":"Unexpected Love","Author":"faithandhopewoman","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9735362","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Introduction The movie One Special Night has inspired many stories, including several written by me. I have always felt the script was not as good as it could be. I have searched all the movie's credits and I have never found the name of a medical advisor. Since I am a nurse with extensive experience in Labor and Delivery, some scenes really bothered me. In that early scene in the hospital, Catherine appears to be in a newborn nursery. Later we learn she's a Pediatric Cardiologist. If those babies were all her patients, that's a lot of babies with heart problems. If you listen carefully to the scene when Catherine comes to the hospital for Lori and is met by the nurse in the hall. She tells her specifically, Lori has premature separation of the placenta from the womb. It's an urgent situation. Lori is awake which means time was taken to administer a numbing medication into the fluid in her spine - highly unusual I will admit, the baby was bloody when she was born, more so than normal even for a C-section. And then there was Jeff coming into the operating room. Where was security? Where did he get his scrubs? A preposterous scene; even back then you needed a code to get the area. The resuscitation of the baby scene was fake as well. The baby's heart was beating. Catherine tells her partner the rate was 70. All the baby needed was a little oxygen and stimulation; most often done by tickling or flicking the soles of its feet and gentle rubbing of the chest. What Catherine did, resembled infant CPR. Catherine was correct when she told Lori later, \"I didn't do much?\" Then there is the whole sub-plot; the girls' relationship and the separation of the couple. With all that said, this will be my version the story of Robert and Catherine. They will still have their One Special Night; it will happen differently. You will also recognize dialogue from the movie. I hope you enjoy it. The Run In The snow had stopped for now. The city of Arlington was situated in the part of Connecticut which received more than its share of snow each winter. This year it had arrived with a vengeance. Front yards were covered with multiple inches of snow; walks had been cleared leaving walls of snow over two feet high. A large house sat on the edge of a now frozen lake. A woman exited her front door; she paused for a second; maybe wondering if she really wanted to walk in this frigid weather. She was wearing the proper outfit, warm heavy pants, and a jacket with an extra vest. Her head was covered by a unique hat; flaps extend over her ears. On the ear flaps were a type of headphones. She acted determined and headed for her destination. It's early in the morning; the café in town has been serving breakfast since six. An older gentleman occupied the window seat looking out on the street. The staff all knew him; his coffee cup was refilled. He made sure he was getting the real stuff, no decaffeinated coffee for him. He finished his second cup of coffee and bundled up to leave. The steps had been only partially cleared of snow; he walked down carefully. He thumped his fist into the other gloved hand; something was clearly bothering him. He stepped down the last step right into the path of the lady with the earphones; she was obviously on a mission. He grabbed hold of her to keep her from falling. \"I'm so sorry…\" \"No, no, sir, it's all my fault. I wasn't paying any attention to where I was going. I'm fine, thank you for catching me.\" They went their separate ways. The man got in his car; a large vehicle, definitely made for this winter weather. The woman talked out loud. \"You must be more careful, Catherine; the last thing you need is a broken anything.\" She obtained her newspaper and returned home to get ready for the day. Catherine's destination that Thanksgiving morning was St. Mary's Hospital. She parked her sport's car in her designated parking spot. She noticed snow flurries had begun as she reached the front door. Inside, she went to her office and donned a lab coat. An elevator took her to the correct floor. Her walk in the hall of the nursing unit had several people greeting her with, \"Hello, Dr. Howard.\" Her destination was the Newborn Nursery. \"This is a surprise, Dr. Howard. Why are you working today?\" \"I knew Dr. Wells had family in town; I told him I would cover the nursery today.\" \"This cold weather has sent a lot of moms into labor; the nursery is full.\" \"I see. Any ready to go home?\" \"Yes, Baby Adams, he's had a tough time; his heart decelerated right before his birth. He's been here an extra day.\" Catherine did the required hand scrub before touching any of the babies. She checked Baby Adams thoroughly; listened to his heart and lungs, even held him close to her ear. She heard nothing that would keep him in the hospital another day. She wrote the discharge order. With her work completed, she left the unit, giving out a number of, \"Have a Happy Thanksgiving,\" greetings to the staff. She was now in a hurry. She opened the front door of the hospital. \"Oh no, not again, more snow. I must go there. It's not that bad.\" She hurried to her car and drove as fast as she could to her destination. It was about twenty miles outside the city limits. Catherine arrived; the sign outside read, Shelby Manor Hospice. It was a beautiful building. She entered the vestibule where she brushed the snow from her coat. She opened the second door and was immediately spoken to. \"Dr. Howard, I was hoping you would come today.\" Catherine was well known to the staff. \"I need your help. My patient's doctor is delayed by the weather. He wants me to give his patient Morphine.\" \"Of course I will, Sara.\" She threw her coat on a nearby chair. \"Let me read the order.\" Catherine read the name on the order sheet. Marybeth Woodward, and the order, Morphine 2 mg, IV, may be repeated every thirty minutes until chest pain relieved. \"Is the ambulance on its way?\" \"Yes, and Marybeth's family is too.\" Doctor and nurse hurried up the stairs to her room. \"Veronica, you remember Dr. Howard.\" She acknowledged her with a nod. Sara continued. \"She's going to give the IV Morphine. I'll go down and wait for her family and the ambulance.\" \"Veronica, do you have everything I need?\" \"I do, Dr. Howard. I'll double check the order with you.\" They hurried. Catherine could see her patient was clutching her chest. The correct amount of Morphine was diluted in saline. She spoke to the patient. \"Mrs. Woodward, I'm Dr. Howard. I'm going to give you the medicine Dr. Hassel ordered; you should feel better very soon. I need your arm.\" Marybeth didn't resist. Catherine easily found a vein and wiped the injection site with alcohol. \"You will feel a pin prick; don't move.\" Catherine injected the morphine slowly. Marybeth relaxed her hand on her chest. \"It's working, Veronica.\" \"Yes, I see.\" Downstairs, Marybeth's family arrived right behind the ambulance. Sara greeted them. \"Mr. Woodward, your wife needs to go to the hospital. Dr. Hassel will meet her there.\" \"Dad, what happened?\" \"I don't know Lori. I'm going up.\" The family followed along with Sara. They arrived as Catherine had finished taking her blood pressure. \"Mr. Woodward, this is Dr. Howard. She gave your wife the medicine Dr. Hassel had ordered.\" Catherine recognized him immediately. She saw his deep concern and the faces of his daughters; one had a look of horror. The little boy with them was being comforted by the other. \"Sir, she's more comfortable now. Sara, is ambulance here?\" \"We're here, Dr. Howard.\" \"Thank goodness, I just gave her two milligrams of IV Morphine; her blood pressure is one thirty-eight over eighty-eight.\" \"We'll take it from here, Dr. Howard.\" She stepped back and the emergency personnel took over. Mr. Woodward spoke. \"You're the woman I ran into outside of Murray's this morning, thank you, thank you.\" \"I'm glad I was here.\" Catherine stepped to go out the door, she heard. \"Don't leave Catherine. I need you to ride with us. I noticed you drove your Jaguar again. It's a blizzard out there now; you'd never make it home.\" \"Okay, I'll be down in a minute.\" She left the room. Sara followed her. \"I'm sorry, Dr. Howard. It's occupied; all our rooms are.\" Catherine tried not to show her disappointment. She had so hoped to sit in her husband's old room. Sara continued. \"Thanks for your help with Marybeth. I hope she will make it. Her combination of Alzheimer's and heart disease is usually a very poor prognosis.\" They had arrived in the lobby. Marybeth had been brought down by stretcher in the elevator. \"Mr. Woodward, you can follow us; we have a snowplow escort.\" \"Dr. Howard, are you ready?\" Coming Henry.\"[Chapter 2] The Family Catherine rode in the back. Marybeth remained stable for the longer than usual ambulance ride; the driver had been barely able to maintain thirty miles per hour. He pulled under the portico by the Emergency Department. Staff appeared immediately. They took Marybeth inside. Henry helped Catherine out of the back of the ambulance. \"If you wait, I'll arrange a ride home for you.\" He paused. \"Catherine, I know this is a difficult time for you.\" \"I'll be okay, thanks for your concern.\" Inside, Henry heard a conversation Mr. Woodward was having with his daughters. \"I'm staying. You take the Suburban. I'll try to come home in time to eat.\" Henry spoke up. \"Perhaps, you could give Dr. Howard a lift home.\" \"Yes, it's the least we could do to thank her for her helping our mom.\" \"I'll tell her.\" \"Catherine, Mr. Woodward's daughter will take you home.\" \"Are you sure? I don't want them to go out of their way; it's still snowing.\" \"You don't live far from them. They live on Hall Brook Drive. You're in the same neighborhood. Come with me, I'll introduce them.\" \"Dr. Howard, please meet Lori and her son Michael and her sister Jaclyn.\" \"Hello, and thank you, we sure are having a bad winter; one of the worst I've seen in years.\" \"Yes it is.\" Lori and Catherine walked out to the car together. Lori drove slowly; she could barely see. The car did well getting through the newly fallen snow. \"I live by the lake on Gray Knoll.\" \"Are you the same lady who gave out Hershey Bars on Halloween?\" \"I am. I love spoiling the children in the neighborhood. The driveway is on the lake side.\" \"Thank you, Dr. Howard for helping our mom; have a nice Thanksgiving.\" \"Same to you and your family, thanks for the ride.\" Inside, Catherine threw her coat on the chair and picked up the telephone. She had this conversation. \"Any messages?\" \" No, you're clear for now; enjoy your day\". \"I will, thank you.\" She hung up; it rang immediately. She had another conversation. \"Hello, Marina.\" \" Can William come get you?\" \"Heaven's no, no one should be out in this weather.\" \" Do you have any food, Catherine?\" \"Actually I do, I brought a plate from the staff luncheon yesterday – plenty to eat.\" \" Are you sure?\" \"Believe me this time, I really do.\" \" Okay, I'll talk to you soon.\" Catherine appreciated her friends concern. They knew she rarely cooked. It was difficult being with them. She felt their restraint when talking with her. Her late husband, Tom, had been their friend too. She didn't eat immediately. She enjoyed a good football game. Her favorite team, the Patriots were playing, it was halftime. She rested her head on the back of her chair. Her mind drifted to Marybeth's husband. She had heard someone use his first name – Robert. She had seen his face. His eyes showed the deep love he had for his wife but his face was different; it was concealing his sadness. Catherine knew he was protecting his daughters and grandson. Her attention went back to the TV. She heard the announcer. \"The Patriots will receive the second half kick-off.\" Catherine watched until the end of third quarter. Now she ate the plate of food; nothing needed to be warmed. She had ham, potato salad and spiced green beans. She ate it with a glass of white wine. She cheered for the final score; her team had won. An announcer came on screen with a weather bulletin. \"This storm will not let up. We'll be lucky if it ends by morning. Even the snowplows are grounded. As soon as it is safe, they will return to the streets.\" \"I'm glad I'm off tomorrow.\" This snow had kept Robert at the hospital. The policeman had to really convince him to stay put. \"It's really ugly out there, sir. No taxi would dare try to drive in it.\" Reluctantly, he called his house. \"I'm fine Lori; go ahead and eat without me. There's food here; I won't starve. Your mom is stable; not sure what that means.\" He also spoke to his grandson. \"Michael, I'll be home in the morning. You can come with me, okay?\" \" Sure, Grandpa.\" Before he left, his path would cross with Catherine, again. She had been called in for an emergency the next morning. Not all the streets had been plowed. So the hospital had sent their four wheeled-drive Jeep to pick her up. Robert was waiting for the Jeep. The head nurse on Marybeth's nursing unit had arranged for them to transport him home. Catherine was needed; it wasn't a life or death situation. She paused when she saw him. \"How's your wife, sir?\" \"Comfortable at the moment, I need to get home to my grandson. He's my best buddy; he likes to go with me to my work site.\" \"It's nice, you spend time with him. I need to go; I heard my pager go off.\" Robert spoke to the driver. \"Is she always so pleasant?\" \"All the staff respects her. She lets the children call her Dr. Cat.\" He didn't share her heartbreak. Michael pounced on his grandpa the moment he came in the door. \"Can we go now, Grandpa?\" \"Michael, your grandpa just got home. Have you eaten?\" \"Yes, the hospital fed me. I was surprised their food was pretty good. I hope you have leftovers; turkey always tastes better the next day.\" \"How is she Dad?\" \"Resting comfortably right now; you can get Michael ready.\" While they were gone, Lori received a call from a neighbor. She mouthed the name, Nancy, to Jaclyn as she listened. \"Nancy, do you know Dr. Howard, who lives on Grey Knoll by the lake?\" She listened. Said, \"Goodbye.\" \"What did she say?\" \"Confirmed a memory I had. Dr. Howard's husband died a year ago at the hospice.\" \"I wonder why she was there yesterday.\" \"Beat's me. Let's make some of Dad's favorite cookies.\" The cookies were cooling on the island in the kitchen when Michael and his grandpa returned. He grabbed a couple before going up to change clothes. \"Let's have dinner. I want to go back to the hospital.\" \"Cookies, before dinner, Mom would never have allowed it.\" \"I snuck cookies around her all the time too, Jaclyn. Besides they're just as good before dinner as after it.\" For the moment, he tried not to think about Marybeth; he continued to hope. Hope that the woman he loved would speak to him one day. Everyone was upbeat for Michael's sake. He bundled up to go back to the hospital. \"Are you going to be very late? Remember Jeff will have Michael tomorrow. \"No, I don't plan on spending the night. Are you two talking yet?\" \"Trying to Dad, trying.\" \"See you later.\" \"Have you really Lori?\" \"Yes, I heard his side of the story. Heather was angry; Jeff had thrown her out of the office – physically. She started the rumor Katie heard. Jeff was embarrassed; she had flirted with him and kissed him. He didn't get angry. She thought it meant yes and started to seduce him. \"He came at her with his shoulder; and carried her out the door. He went back for her purse and told her to never set foot in the office again.\" \"You believe him?\" \"I must. I love him and I know he loves me. I only wish I hadn't been so angry that I threw him out of the house. I know now, it was my hormones changing; only a week later I learned I was pregnant.\" \"I think you're right. Let's watch the Titanic after Michael goes to bed.\"[Chapter 3] Tragedy of Alzheimer's Robert found Marybeth still asleep. \"Has she been awake at all?\" \"Very little, Dr. Hassel wants to keep her sedated until morning. Then he will wean her from the morphine.\" \"I see – guess there's no reason for me to stay.\" \"You can talk to her. She can hear you.\" \"How do you know?\" \"Because patients have woke up and told us what they heard. I'll leave you alone for a few minutes. I'll not be far.\" \"Marybeth, I'm scared. We're partners. The girls still need their mom. Lori and Jeff are trying to talk to each other. Jaclyn, our free spirit, may be twenty-one but doesn't believe her mother is ill. \"You were just like her; defying the doctor until the day you couldn't remember your daughter's name. The nurse told me you can hear me. I love you – always will. Rest, Beth, maybe you can go back to Sara's place soon. I'll be back in the morning.\" He kissed her cheek. Sadly, she didn't respond. As planned, Jeff picked up Michael early Saturday morning. Robert went to the worksite alone. It was more habit than anything. All the workers had off until Monday. He evaluated the cement around the base of the weight bearing beam supports; he noticed no signs of cracking. The last cement pour had been the day before the wicked weather had arrived. He knew all signs were go for the next steps. He headed home to change. He found his girls looking out the window from the second floor. \"Something interesting to see?\" \"Yes, that woman; she always walks in the morning.\" Robert looked. \"That's Dr. Howard.\" \"How do you know?\" \"I almost knocked her to the ground outside Murray's on Thanksgiving.\" \"Are you sure?\" \"Unless there's another woman in the neighborhood with that outfit; I'm sure.\" \"I hope Mom is better today.\" \"I do too, Lori; it bothers me to see her in pain so much.\" \"Did she have another heart attack?\" \"They haven't said. What are you doing, while I'm gone?\" \"Jaclyn's going to get down all the baby things; we'll sort them.\" \"Sounds like fun. Do you have names yet?\" \"No Dad, not yet.\" Robert had been in the military; he knew how to shower, shave and dress in fifteen minutes or less. He left his daughters to their task. Marybeth's door was almost closed. Robert knocked. \"Come in,\" he heard. \"Good morning, Mr. Woodward; you just missed Dr. Hassel.\" \"What did he say?\" \"He left orders to wean her from the morphine; by tonight she should be off of it completely. If she does well; she can return to the hospice tomorrow afternoon.\" \"I suppose she will like that.\" \"Pull the chair close to the bed; I bet she would like you to hold her hand. I need to obtain some supplies; I'll be back shortly. Here's her call light, just in case you need to use it.\" \"Thank you.\" The nurse left pulling the door almost closed. \"Good morning, Beth, you look comfortable.\" He found her hand, he held it. She didn't hold his, but she didn't withdraw it either. \"The doctor told me you can go back to Sara's place tomorrow. Would you like that?\" She moved her hand but did not squeeze his. \"I believe you are pleased.\" She moaned a subjective moan but definitely not a grimace. Again Robert was pleased. She began to sleep. Robert could tell; her breathing became shallow; her head fell to one side. \"Goodbye Beth, I'll be back.\" The nurse stood at the door. \"I know it's difficult, Mr. Woodward; all of us understand. Drive safely.\" Robert drove the long way home. He really wanted to drive far away; hoping it all might be a dream and he would find his real wife out there. Reality told him no. The house was empty when he returned to it. He found a note. Caroline took us baby shopping. He looked in the downstairs bedroom – baby things were everywhere. \"What else does this baby need?\" He brewed some coffee; grabbed a handful of cookies and sat in his favorite recliner. He found an interesting college football game on TV. His girls came home; he appeared asleep. Jaclyn walked to the table beside the recliner and took the remote. \"Don't you dare.\" \"I guess you're not asleep.\" \"Resting my eyes during commercials.\" \"How is she?' \"Comfortable, seems to be happy; she may return to Shelby Manor tomorrow.\" \"I suppose, that is good, Dad.\" \"It is Lori.\" \"Michael's coming home after dinner.\" \"Why?\" \"Jeff has to be at work at eight.\" \"On a Sunday?\" \"I was suspicious. I called Joe Harold's secretary; she confirmed it. Seems, some client is willing to pay triple time to get his divorce papers completed.\" \"He must be desperate, how sad. I'll take Michael to Murray's but not to the hospital. He doesn't need to remember her this way.\" \"I know Dad. He's always asking about her; he's too young to understand.\" \"None of us understand; our brains are so complex. They can function really well or not at all. It's painful for all of us to watch.\" Sunday occurred as planned. Robert followed the transport ambulance; one not used for emergencies. Emergency personnel still rode in the back; they had access to emergency equipment should it be needed. He waited while they took her to her room and Sara made her comfortable. He was staring into space. He heard a somewhat familiar voice; the front door closed. Catherine drove away in her Jaguar. She talked out loud. \"I feel no better. I don't understand. Tom where are you?\" Her feelings got no better after she was home; she didn't even watch television; she remained despondent for the rest of the day. Robert had sat with Marybeth for over an hour; it was a quiet hour. He asked Sara. \"Do you think she will be alright if I leave?\" \"Mr. Woodward, that's a difficult question to answer. The doctor wrote in his discharge note that she had a very mild heart attack. It tells him her heart arteries aren't always getting enough blood to the heart muscle. We will watch her carefully; I have scheduled nurse's aides to stay with her around the clock.\" \"Thank you, I'm happy she will not be alone.\" Robert returned home and shared with his girls what he had been told. None of it brought a great deal of comfort to any of them. Come Monday morning, Catherine's Jekyll and Hyde personality changed her. She entered the hospital as a professional and well respected cardiologist. Monday also brought Robert back to his routine. Ever since he had placed Marybeth at the hospice early last summer, he had always visited her first thing in the morning. The staff didn't mind his early arrival. Marybeth was always dressed when he arrived. This morning she was resting in bed; he was told she had lingering effects from all the morphine she had received. He didn't stay very long. But he didn't drive away immediately. Robert was very fortunate to have a very experienced foreman on this large building project. He was also a close friend. He sat in the Suburban, thinking; thinking back to last summer. It was the time when he had a decision to make. Jaclyn had graduated from college with a degree in art. Robert always knew she would follow in her mom's footsteps. She had memorized her favorite quote at an early age. 'Feed the body food and drink, it will survive today. Feed the soul art and music, it will live forever.' In order for the whole family to be able to attend the ceremony, Robert had hired a companion to stay with Marybeth. Everything began to snowball after that day. Jaclyn was working at an art camp; Lori had told Jeff to leave; a week later she had learned she was pregnant. Robert knew Lori would be left to care for her mom. It was only a week or two later that the first event occurred. Marybeth had lashed out at Lori and a few days later had screamed at Robert. Don't kill me; get out of here. Robert had sought counsel from his foreman; he recommended the hospice. He made the decision; Marybeth was placed there within a week. Robert had found a shortcut to the hospice. He often took rides in the back woods which filled this part of the country side. He came upon a cabin one day with a For Sale sign on the door. His immediate thought had been, I could use a retreat. He had inquired. In a month the cabin was his. Several afternoons during the week, he would come there and began to make some much needed repairs. He stocked the pantry and the freezer.[Chapter 4] Marybeth Lori had a surprise that Monday morning. Jeff came to the house after Michael had gone to school. \"Lori, we need to talk.\" \"Tell me what's on your mind.\" \"Lori, would you be terribly disappointed if I didn't make partner in the law firm?\" Lori's jaw dropped; she never expected his question. \"Tell me more, Jeff.\" \"After yesterday, it came to me. I don't want to be involved in divorce proceedings. I had a big head when I passed my boards; this was an offer too hard to pass up. There are so many other ways to use my law degree; one that doesn't require endless hours away from you and the children. I love you too much Lori. Will you take me back?\" \"Oh Jeff,\" she hugged him, \"of course I will. I love you, always have.\" \"Let me take my letter of resignation to Joe and give notice for my apartment.\" \"Please don't wait to move back in; Michael will be thrilled and so will dad.\" \"I'll back a bag. I'll be home as soon as I can.\" They lingered in a kiss. Robert took this afternoon to go to his cabin; furniture was being delivered. Included were a sofa bed, a twin bed for the loft, a washer and dryer along with a microwave and refrigerator. The gas stove was in good shape. He returned home in good spirits. His spirits were lifted even more when he heard about Jeff. Jaclyn had beaten him home by only a few minutes. \"What say, we go to Murray's for dinner?\" \"Can we really grandpa?\" \"I don't see why not.\" No one saw her. Catherine did something she hadn't done in over a year. She was having dinner a Murray's. Ernie, the owner, had given her the same secluded booth she and her late husband used. She was hoping to reconnect with his spirit there; since she wasn't having any luck at the hospice. She refused to give into the thought which crossed her mind just the other day. A young boy with a heart defect was her patient. She learned the parents were told when he was born they should have it repaired before he was a year old. He was now five. The parents had believed it would heal its self. She as a physician was no better at dealing with the loss of a loved one than other people. She didn't believe she needed other people's help. She could get on with her life without help from anyone. She thought she could heal herself. The happy chatter from the adjoining room drifted into the booth. Catherine recognized the voices. Marybeth must be better; she could think of no other reason for their happiness. It was the furthest thing from reality. Marybeth continued to have mild episodes of chest pain. Each time it was relieved by two doses of nitroglycerine. Her heart was growing weaker and weaker. She heard Lori tell Michael. \"No, you can't have chocolate chip pancakes for dinner; they have too much sugar in them. You'll never get to sleep and you have school in the morning.\" \"Lori, let the boy eat what he wants.\" \"No Dad, I know him too well. I'd like some too; but this baby would be awake all night moving and kicking me.\" \"Okay Lori, I hear you. Michael we'll come back on Saturday for a double serving.\" \"Awesome! Grandpa!\" \"Power Ranger talk, Dad,\" Jaclyn informed him. Catherine had to smile; their conversation had helped her foul mood. She left quietly without being seen. The family didn't linger. It was already past Michael's bedtime. Sadly another event would prevent Michael from enjoying a double serving of chocolate chip pancakes; his grandma would die. That Thursday, Robert was on his way to the hospice at his normal time. Sara had only arrived a few minutes ahead of him. She had been greeted by the frantic night nurse. \"I can't get a blood pressure for Marybeth.\" They hurried up the stairs. The nurse's aide explained. \"I saw her head slump to the side; I tried to arouse her but she didn't respond to normal stimulation.\" \"You did exactly as you were instructed.\" Sara reminded her. \"I'm sure her heart gave out; I knew it was very weak. Let me reach her husband.\" She went downstairs. The day shift had arrived; they were all in Marybeth's room. Sara was about to dial Robert's cell phone number when he entered the door. \"Mr. Woodward, I'm sorry. Marybeth must have had a heart attack; she passed quickly. We tried to arouse her; it was to no avail.\" Robert was stunned; he quickly climbed the stairs. He knelt by her bed; he took hold of her hand. It was still warm; he saw her face. Grey was already coloring her normal skin tones. He wept. Even at a hospice, this was a normal reaction to death. Families knew when they placed their love ones with them; they would never get well. The staff stepped out; to give Robert time alone with Marybeth. Sara had a lot to do. Her first call was to Dr. Hassel; his answering service was still on, she left a message. Next was a call to the local Funeral Home and finally the family's pastor at St. Mary's Church. The resident physician had arrived; he would attest to her death. The staff had given him all the information he needed; including the time of death, 0630. Within the hour, the funeral home was there. Robert had composed himself. He stepped away from her bed. He couldn't watch. \"Step into the hall with me, Mr. Woodward.\" Sara guided him to a quiet room. Father Stephen had arrived. Robert sat and rested his head on his hands, his elbows on his knees. The good Father rested his hand on Robert's shoulder. \"I know Robert, it's hard for anyone. You knew this day would come; you have handled the changes in Marybeth well. Many men would have deserted their wife; you didn't. This disease, Alzheimer's is especially bad. It's very slow and no cure in sight. \"You, my faithful servant should not grieve long. You've been grieving for a few years. I'll take you home. Arrangements will be made to bring your car to the house. We can leave when you're ready.\" \"I'm ready Father. Marybeth is gone.\" They traveled in silence. \"Who's car Robert?\" \"Jeff's, he and Lori are back together.\" \"Good news, Lori is going to need his support. You know Robert; they're going to know immediately when they see me.\" \"I suppose they will.\" They found the three sitting at the kitchen table; Michael had gone to school. Jaclyn spoke. \"What's wrong, Dad. Father, why are you here?\" \"No, no, don't tell me.\" Lori shouted as she covered her face with her hands and began to cry. Jeff immediately put his arm around her. \"Dad, is it really true?\" \"It is Jaclyn. Sara told me she simply let out a sigh as her heart stopped beating. Its muscle was too damaged to keep working.\" Father Stephan knew they didn't want to hear a spiritual sermon from him on God's heavenly reward. \"You know how to reach me, if there is anything I can do, I can see myself out Robert.\" Tears and sobs remained in the room. Jaclyn called the school and cancelled her art program for the first graders; Jeff had nowhere to go; his first interview was next week. Robert left a message with his secretary for his foreman. Lori and Jeff knew they had to compose themselves before Michael came home. It would be his grandpa who would comfort him. The exchange was mutual. The funeral was arranged rather quickly. It was scheduled for Saturday at eleven o'clock, at St. Mary's church. Robert had allowed the hospice to make preliminary arrangements; it was part of their service to the family. They recognized the need; no one should do it in a grief filled state of mind. Robert and the girls had decided not to have viewing. They knew everyone would come to the reception after the funeral. Instead they went by the funeral home that Saturday morning. Jeff kept Michael in the waiting room. Jaclyn had said her goodbye; she stayed with him while Jeff went with his wife. Marybeth had truly thought of him as a son; they had a wonderful relationship. He called her Mom and Robert Dad. A driver from the funeral home drove them to the church in Robert's Suburban. Back at the house, the caterers were preparing for the reception. Several ladies from the funeral home made a display of pictures of Marybeth. Most didn't linger; they stayed long enough to pay their respects. The family began to put their life in order. By Monday they were somewhat ready to get back to normal.[Chapter 5] Cabin By midweek another snow storm packing strong winds engulfed the area. Robert talked as he saw it. \"Enough, already, this is absurd.\" The next day he told Jeff. \"The weather god must have heard me yesterday; it stopped snowing last night.\" \"That's good Dad; I have an interview at ten.\" Robert's family knew about his cabin in the woods. It was well off the main roads, almost impossible for anyone to find. He had gone there after work. Robert was putting an extra log on the fire when he heard a knock on the front door. He never had visitors. He couldn't imagine anyone finding it with all the snow on the roads to it. He hurried to the door. He spoke before he saw the person's face. \"May I help you?\" And then immediately, \"Dr. Howard,\" she spoke at once. \"Where are Robin and Charlie?\" \"Not a clue, I bought the cabin from Howard and Millie.\" \"I'm sorry to have bothered you.\" She turned to leave. Robert followed her to the outer door. He saw no car. \"How did you get here?\" \"I walked; after I skidded on an icy spot and landed in the ditch. I saw the smoke from the chimney.\" \"Were you driving your Jaguar?\" \"What's it to you. It's in the ditch. Enjoy your day.\" Catherine turned to leave. Robert reminded her. \"It's stupid to go out there. It's unlocked, if you change your mind.\" Robert shut the door and walked away mumbling. \"My grandson has more sense.\" Catherine had a chance to think; she opened the door. \"I'm not stupid.\" \"I didn't say you were; your action was stupid.\" \"May I use your phone; cells don't work.\" \"Neither does this one.\" \"I can't stay here. I need to get back.\" \"It seems you have no choice doctor; besides it's almost dark.\" \"Stay here with you; you're married.\" \"You don't know.\" \"Know what, Mr. Woodward?\" \"Marybeth died two weeks ago. I thought Dr. Hassel might have told you.\" \"Haven't seen him, no department meeting this month.\" Catherine was distraught. First she had received no comfort from sitting in Tom's old room and now she was going to need to spend a night with a man she hardly knew. Robert broke the silence. \"We might as well make the best of it. Let's not be so formal. I'm Robert. And you are Catherine. May I?\" \"I suppose so. And I'm sorry for your loss. Why are you so composed and jovial?\" \"I said my goodbye, long ago; while Marybeth still knew me. The Marybeth I knew has been gone for over a year. I saw you leaving the Hospice when I picked up her things last week. I asked about you. I'm sorry for your loss. Didn't you and your husband talk?\" \"It's none of your business.\" \"So you put up a wall to anyone who tries to get you to talk.\" \"No, I haven't!\" \"Then what have you done?\" \"It's not fair. We had so much to live for; we were planning retirement and travel.\" \"I was planning on a wife being a wonderful grandmother. I was angry that Michael was deprived. But I had to realize, I didn't want his only memory was a woman who never spoke his name, kissed or hugged him – not even a smile. \"Don't get me wrong. I wept at the news. I thanked God for the Hospice staff; they took care of everything. Father Stephen came and went home with me. My family mourned with me. The photo album that Lori had made helps us think back on the happy years. We must move on for the sake of Michael and the baby Lori is carrying. \"Life goes on doctor; you should know that. I'm not the big bad wolf, Catherine.\" \"I know you aren't.\" Suddenly she shivered noticeably and drew her coat around her. \"Madam Doctor, do you always leave your coat unbuttoned? No wonder you're shivering. Sit here by the fire. No boots either, your feet must be frozen. I'll be right back.\" Robert returned with a pair of very heavy socks. \"These should warm up your feet.\" \"I wasn't expecting to take a walk, thank you for your concern.\" They both heard the whistle of the tea kettle. \"I'm sure you could use some hot tea.\" He left the room and returned carrying a tray. \"You're quite domesticated.\" \"Marybeth and I shared family duties; we were partners right from the beginning of our marriage. Neither of us thought certain duties belonged only to the wife and others to a husband.\" Robert held the tray while Catherine added sugar to her tea. She held it with both hands: they were very cold. Robert sat in a chair also near the fireplace. They drank in silence. \"Thank you for this, I'm beginning to get warm.\" Catherine stood and removed her coat; she traded it for an afghan around her shoulders. \"What do I smell?\" \"Dinner, I put a pot roast in the oven when I realized I wasn't going to be able to get home. The ice froze over again; even my car's wheels started to spin.\" \"You must live by the Boy Scout motto, be prepared.\" \"Yes, I was a Boy Scout, but I owe my cooking skills to my mom. She insisted my brother and I could do some basic cooking. Pot roast has always been a favorite in my house.\" \"Do you have a favorite recipe?\" Robert heard a quiet laugh. \"Will you share Catherine?\" \"My mom could never get my face out of my science books long enough to teach me how to cook. She would always tell me. 'I hope you marry a man who will cook for you.'\" \"Did you?\" \"No, Tom and I either ate out or ordered out. My kitchen looks brand new. He was so understanding; he never complained about my calls to duty.\" \"I think we could both use a warm meal; let me see if the potatoes and carrots are done.\" Catherine had a few minutes alone. She was lost in her thoughts. Why do I enjoy talking to him; he's so different from Tom.[Chapter 6] Sharing Catherine woke from her thoughts. \"Dinner's ready?\" \"Let me use the bathroom first.\" Robert had set the table and placed full plates at each place. Catherine sat down. \"This looks really good, Robert.\" \"Do you drink wine?\" \"I do.\" Robert poured them each a glass. Catherine knew better than to drink on an empty stomach. She ate several mouthfuls. \"This tastes as good as it looks; I tip my hat to the chef.\" As they were finishing their wine, Catherine engaged Robert in conversation. \"Tell me about your daughters.\" \"Lori is the oldest. She and her husband were separated until recently. He was a divorce lawyer working to make partner in the firm; lots of late nights and missed meals. Apparently, one of the secretaries tried to seduce him late one night. He really had thrown her out of the office. Young women can be so cruel; she started a rumor. Lori was hasty; she told him to leave.\" \"You said was a divorce lawyer.\" \"Correct, it took working on a Sunday, when he was planning to be with Michael, to tell him, this wasn't the future he wanted. He and Lori are back together.\" \"Sadly, I've known too many young couples getting divorced because of the man working long hours; there are not too many Toms in the world. What does Jaclyn do?\" \"She's following in her mom's footsteps; she recently graduated with a degree in art. She paints but also teaches at the local elementary school.\" \"I memorized a quote when I was younger. Feed the body food and drink, it will survive today. Feed the soul art and music, it will live forever. Art and music are as important as the sciences.\" \"That was Marybeth's favorite too.\" \"I liked to paint as a child; trees were my specialty. I also liked to climb them. My mother had a fit; my father told her, 'she'll outgrow it; let her be.'\" \"Why don't we continue our conversation on the sofa; it's warmer by the fire.\" \"I don't mind; I'll sit with you. I'm convinced you're not the big bad wolf. How long have you owned the cabin; I've noticed several changes.\" \"About six months, I'm a contractor, Woodward Construction. I work with the high school and the junior college; their students did some of the work.\" \"I see you made the loft more accessible.\" \"Yes, I recently put a bed up there; as soon as they put up the railing, I'll let Michael come spend the night. Do you play Scrabble?\" \"I have; but not in a few years.\" Catherine couldn't say anymore. Robert understood without her telling him. \"Would you like to play a game or two to pass the time?\" \"I would, Robert.\" After Catherine won the first two games, Robert exclaimed. \"I should have known better than to play scrabble with a doctor. You know too many odd words.\" Sheepishly Catherine answered. \"I suppose I do; it's a favorite of medical students.\" \"I better do the dishes; it's late.\" \"I may not cook; I can help dry.\" Catherine and Robert took longer to clean up the dishes and the kitchen; they talked too much. \"We need to get some shut eye Catherine. The snow plow and the salt trucks will be out early.\" \"What time is it?\" \"It's after midnight.\" Robert sat on the end of the sofa, his feet on a footstool. \"I'm going to rest my eyes.\" Catherine couldn't speak quickly enough; she heard a soft snore. \"I'll take the first watch.\" She put the extra logs on the fire and took her spot on the opposite end. Her mind wandered. I can't believe how comfortable I feel being here with Robert. I'm actually happy and content. What an impossible turn of events. She closed her eyes with a smile on her face. She woke with her body taking up the entire sofa. Robert had vacated his spot. She knew he wasn't far; she could smell the bacon cooking. Her smile was still there. She went to the kitchen. \"The snow plow and salt truck was here; the road is ready for travel. I thought we needed breakfast before we left.\" \"You've fixed a feast.\" \"My Saturday morning special, I've prepared this for years.\" \"You're full of surprises, Robert.\" \"My family enjoys my big breakfast but my grandson always reminds me. \"I still like chocolate chip pancakes from Murray's.\" \"Never had them. Tom and I rarely had breakfast together. We ate there often for dinner.\" \"My family's just the opposite.\" \"I need to tell you. I heard you there the other day. I was surprised you were so happy. I heard Lori's comment and yours. They were spoken like a true grandpa.\" \"That was the day Jeff decided to pursue another way to use his law degree. I suppose we should leave soon.\" \"Yes, before someone sends the police to find us.\" \"Lori knew about me; I was able to make a call before the phone went dead.\" \"Were you on call?\" \"No, but I am today.\" Robert's car went up the incline with little slipping of the wheels. The road back to town was cleared. \"Where's your car Catherine?\" \"It's not far. Thank goodness, I didn't have far to walk before I found the cabin.\" \"I see you did drive your Jaguar.\" \"It's a very personal battle, with me and my emotions; I know I need to resolve them. Believe it or not, you have helped me.\" \"I don't know how but you're welcome. I see we're in the neighborhood.\" \"I live on Grey Knoll, by the lake. I see my snow service has been here; my walkway is cleared again.\" \"I'll walk you to the door.\" \"Maybe one day we can talk again, Robert. I need to tell you; I enjoyed being with you. It turned out to be a very special night.\" \"Ditto, as the kids say today. See you around.\" Catherine went inside; she stood at her window; she watched until he was on the street. She thought she saw him wave. Catherine, are you attracted to him? She smiled.[Chapter 7] Christmas Eve The next day was the Christmas Party for the children at the hospital. It was for patients and the staff's families. Catherine hadn't attended last year's; no one expected she would. And she never expected to look forward to this year's with such great joy. William greeted her. \"You seem different, Catherine.\" \"I feel different. The Christmas season has brought new life to me.\" \"How so?\" \"Unexplainable, it just is.\" \"May I buy you a cup of eggnog?\" \"Of course, it wouldn't be the Christmas season without at least one cup.\" She saw Dr. Wells and his family. His wife spoke to her. \"Dr. Howard, we owe you a big favor for taking call for David again.\" \"Susan, it's no problem; he belongs at home with you and the children.\" \"Hopefully, one day we can repay you.\" \"Now, you know that's not necessary.\" The party wound down; Santa Claus rang his bell as he wished everyone a Merry Christmas. And Catherine felt this one would be merry for her as well. She drove away in her SUV to an unlikely destination. This would be the first time she returned to the cemetery since Tom was buried. \"I hope I can find it.\" She had a general idea of its location. The attendants at the cemetery had all the grave markers cleared of snow. She had asked for a bench to be placed near it. She thought she would visit often. She hadn't; instead she had returned to his room at the hospice. It was cleared of snow also; she sat. \"Hello, Tom; I know I've avoided your final resting place. For months I sensed your spirit in your old room at the hospice; you've left there; you've moved on. I know Tom, I didn't listen to you. I'm sorry. \"I met a man, whose wife died recently at the hospice. She had Alzheimer's and heart disease; I suppose you already knew that. I believe our meeting was no accident; it was part of God's great plan. \"We helped each other Tom; he may be the one; the one with whom I can live out the rest of my days. I know you approve; you so much as told me so. I couldn't comprehend your request; I can now. I feel all warm inside, thank you for your blessing.\" Catherine heard the ducks; they beckoned her to follow them. She wanted to go see Robert; she felt it wasn't the right time. She was sure his family had Christmas traditions. Robert wasn't home at the moment; he and his family were at the Christmas Tree lot. His girls took more than an hour to decide on the right tree. The salesman helped Robert and Jeff load it on the roof of the car; multiple ropes secured it. The two men with a little help from Jaclyn were able to get it inside. Its place was front and center of the front window. For two hours the family decorated it; first the lights, then the fragile bulbs that Marybeth had used. Finally, they put on all the handmade ornaments, those from each of the girls; all made since they were about two and then all those Michael had made. It was completed with gold garland and a brilliant star on top. They admired it in silence; until Michael spoke. \"Santa's going to use his Power Ranger sled this Christmas, Grandpa; he's giving his reindeer this Christmas off.\" \"Is that right, Michael; who told you?\" \"Jaclyn said Santa has to get with the times.\" Robert rolled his eyes to hold back his laugh. \"Okay everyone, the lasagna we bought from Romero's is hot and waiting to be eaten. This baby tells me it's past dinner.\" \"We're all hungry, Lori.\" Robert helped serve; Jaclyn passed the salad. They watched a movie with Michael before heading to bed, all of them. The next morning started off in typical Woodward family tradition. Robert was cooking breakfast. \"You're up early, Lori.\" \"Couldn't sleep, Dad; I'm uncomfortable\" \"Are you in labor?\" \"I don't think so; it's nothing like I remember with Michael.\" Jeff followed very soon. \"Are you okay? You were up several times last night. I'm not taking any chances. I'm calling the doctor.\" \"It's Christmas Eve, Jeff.\" \"Now Lori you know someone is always on call; there are three doctors in the practice.\" He placed the call; everyone heard Jeff give Lori's information. \"The answering service will have him call you, Dr. Mobley is on call.\" The phone rang only minutes later. Lori told him about being awake during the night and feeling like the baby was very low. \"What did he tell you?\" \"To bring me to the emergency room; he would meet us there.\" Robert immediately turned off all the burners; put the rest of the food back in the refrigerator. All of them went with her. They pulled under the portico by the Emergency Room; staff was waiting for Lori with a wheelchair. \"Dr. Mobley's waiting for you in Labor and Delivery.\" Jeff followed behind. A nurse recognized Robert. \"Bring your family Mr. Woodward; I'll take you to the second floor. You can wait there.\" All of them followed her. Robert saw her immediately. \"Dr. Howard, are you on duty?\" Catherine saw Jaclyn and Michael; she responded similarly. \"I am Mr. Woodward; I took call for the general pediatrician so he could spend today and tomorrow with his family. Is something wrong?\" \"I brought Lori in; she wasn't feeling well.\" \"Let me see if I can learn anything; I'll be back.\" Robert paced and drank coffee. \"Are you worried, Dad?\" \"I am Jaclyn; your sister's early.\" Catherine hurried back to Robert; she had concerned news. Jaclyn couldn't hear the conversation but she could see them. She saw Catherine touch her dad's hand, before she walked away. Robert spoke to her. \"Your sister's been in labor for a while; the baby's heart beat is slower than normal. If she doesn't deliver soon; they will need to do a caesarean section.\" \"You mean cut her open.\" \"Shh, Jaclyn, I don't want Michael to hear.\" Luckily the nurse had brought him a Power Ranger game to play; he was engaged in it. \"I wonder how Jeff is holding up.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"He almost fainted when Lori cut her finger.\" The nurse heard her. \"Husbands don't see much; they stay at the head of the table. We've never had one faint.\" \"Jeff could be the first.\" \"Jaclyn cut that out, you should know better.\" \"Dr. Howard's coming Dad; she's smiling.\" \"I see.\" Robert spoke to her. \"You must have good news.\" \"I do. You have a perfect granddaughter; she's small but very healthy, a great pair of lungs.\" \"Does that mean she will cry a lot Grandpa?\" \"Not a lot Michael, but enough to make her wishes known.\" \"How did you know my name?\" \"I heard you the evening you ate at Murray's; seems you like chocolate chip pancakes.\" \"I do. Grandpa promised me a double serving next time we eat there.\" \"Just remember, Michael, Power Rangers don't need a lot of sugar; they have Ranger power.\" \"You're good, Dr. Howard.\" \"I must be, Jaclyn. I need to be up on all the kiddy stuff; it helps me talk with my children.\" Robert heard it all. She really is a special lady. It was his turn to smile. Robert and Catherine had exchanged smiles; they both knew not to say anything.[Chapter 8] The Kiss In about forty-five minutes Jeff came out beaming. \"She's beautiful Dad.\" \"We heard she has great lungs.\" \"You heard right; she sounds wonderful. Shall we watch them give her a bath?\" \"She needs a bath already; she just got here. Is she dirty?\" \"Not really Michael; all babies get a bath soon after they are born.\" His dad explained. Catherine had excused herself; she was on duty. She had babies to discharge so they could enjoy Christmas Day at home. She wasn't far away; she could hear the little baby, cry and cry; then there was silence. Catherine had finished; she saw the Campbell baby all wrapped up and very warm now. \"May I take her?\" \"She's all yours, Dr. Howard.\" Sally, the nurse, saw her joy. Silently, she spoke, \"finally.\" Catherine came into the viewing area. \"Michael, would you like to hold your sister?\" \"Can I Daddy?\" \"You can, sit on that big chair.\" The nurse had wrapped the blankets around her; all you could see was her little face. Michael reached for her; Lori had taught him how to hold a baby. \"She's asleep already.\" \"Yes, Michael, babies do a lot of it their first couple of weeks of life. She'll tell your mommy and daddy when she needs something.\" \"May I have a turn, Michael?\" \"Sure Grandpa.\" \"She is tiny, Dr. Howard.\" \"Six pounds is not a bad weight for one born a little early. Jaclyn would you like to hold her before I return her to the nursery?\" Jaclyn took her. \"She's definitely lighter than Michael; but she does look like him.\" \"Did I look like a girl, Aunt Jaclyn?\" Catherine answered. \"No Michael, it means there's no doubt she's your sister. The nurse will take her to your mommy's room soon. You can see her again. Let me have her, Jaclyn; I need to return her to the nursery.\" Catherine stopped by Lori's room an hour or so later. \"I'm on duty tomorrow; I'll see you in the morning.\" She left; Robert didn't say a word. He was trying to ignore his feelings. The next morning, Catherine returned to the hospital before Robert arrived with Michael and Jaclyn. No other babies had been born overnight; the Campbell little girl was one of only four in the nursery, Catherine scrubbed her hands and did all the babies examinations; Robert's granddaughter was last. \"Sally, let me sign her out; I'll take her to her mother.\" \"Of course, Dr. Howard, she's all yours.\" The wheels on the baby's bed were noisy; Catherine did quiet them a little by slowing down as she approached the room. She heard Robert's voice as she got close to the room. Everyone heard the bassinet enter the room. Catherine was greeted by, \"Merry Christmases,\" from all of them. \"Yes, it is a Merry Christmas.\" \"She's still asleep.\" \"Michael, she was awake earlier; she woke your dad she was so loud.\" \"Before I leave her, I need to check your bracelet, Lori.\" She unwrapped the baby's blanket to find the bracelet on her foot. \"Repeat after me, Baby Girl Campbell,\" then \"eight five four.\" \"Why did you do that, Dr. Howard?\" \"We always do it, Michael. We need to be sure this is your sister. Sometime a baby is placed in the wrong bassinet.\" Michael smiled. And so did Robert. \"I'll catch up with you later, my pager just buzzed.\" Catherine had to leave; she was being overwhelmed by her feelings. She checked on the baby later that afternoon; she was back in the nursery. She was told both Lori and Jeff were asleep. The family had gone home. They would come back later for a visit. Catherine continued to have irrational thoughts; that's what she called her emotions. She ate lunch before going home; even took a box of food home with her. Later in the afternoon, she watched a football game. She was anxious for the day to pass. The next day, Dr. Wells discharged the baby, Catherine had the day off. There was not a cloud in the sky. She had heard the weather report; \"no more storms in the foreseeable future.\" She went for a ride; took the road out of town. She was anticipating her destination; she hoped her intuition was correct. After breakfast, Robert told his family he needed to check on the work site. He told Michael. \"You go with your Aunt to pick up your mommy, daddy and new sister. You can go with me another day; remember I said I would take you Murray's for breakfast; we will.\" \"Sure, Grandpa, I want to see if the baby is awake.\" \"Thanks buddy.\" Jaclyn drove Jeff's car to the hospital to bring them home. Robert actually went to the cabin to work. He needed time to think. He had been there a few hours. He had made a few simple repairs while he thought. Catherine's intuition had been correct; she saw his car. She hurried to the door. A knock on the window of the door startled him. \"What poor soul is lost this time?\" Catherine heard him. She answered when he opened the door. \"I'm the poor lost soul.\" \"This is a surprise, Catherine. How'd you get here?\" \"Look for yourself.\" Robert did look. \"A very sensible car, Catherine. Is it new?\" \"May I come in?\" \"Of course, sorry, I wasn't thinking straight; you surprised me.\" \"We need to talk.\" \"Let me have your coat; have a seat by the fire. I don't have the furnace on.\" Catherine grabbed the afghan again; wrapped it around her shoulders. They sat where they had previously, on chairs on either side of the fireplace. \"What's on your mind?\" \"Let me start with the car. It's Tom's car. I drove it last winter, until Thanksgiving Day. I had taken a leave of absence; I practically lived at the hospice. I hadn't been home in over a week; I needed clean clothes. I made a decision to leave. \"I hurried. I took time for a shower. I gathered the clothes from the cleaners; packed them on the back seat and drove back quickly. I was immediately greeted by Veronica. The only words I heard were, 'turn for the worse.' I ran up the stairs; I knew immediately. I thought I was prepared; I wasn't. I begged for more time with him. Then he slipped away. \"I never drove his SUV again. I thought I was ready on Thanksgiving Day; I wasn't; I just couldn't do it.\" \"Why could you today?\" \"Tom and I had a talk; I went to the cemetery. It was the first time; I tried to connect with him in his old room at the hospice. I knew he had left there. Robert, he had told me to find love again. I was adamant in my words, never, ever, I told him. \"I was wrong. I've had feelings that make we wonder. Could this be my second chance; could I be so blessed.\" \"I won't keep you wondering. Marybeth told me something similar. If you believe in second chances; so do I.\" Robert walked to Catherine; he offered her his hands. He pulled her to her feet. His hands pushed the afghan to the floor. They rested on her shoulders. They stood there in front of the fireplace; the fire was only embers now, still the sputtering of steam from a few logs could be heard. The embers glowed giving the room a romantic ambiance. \"I believe we should find out.\" \"Yes, Robert, we should.\" They were close enough to pick up the scents each was wearing. Catherine's settled into Robert's olfactory nerve, a perfect blend of a citrus base, made fragrant with additions of lemon, jasmine, lily of the valley mixed with an oil of sandalwood, vanilla and amber. All this was a part of the Chanel formula. Catherine smelled Robert's traditional aftershave. The formula called for sage and cinnamon. Catherine detected a pleasant musk and cedarwood scent. She knew instantly, it was Old Spice. These smells enhanced the moment. Catherine closed her eyes as Robert's face drew closer. Neither was the aggressor; their lips met instantly as their eyes closed. It was intense but not harsh or hurting. Immediately their brains received messages; they produced the feeling that is often described as floating on cloud nine or a similar cliché. Various substances filled their bodies; they brought them to the edge of euphoria. Their bodies exhibited physical signs; an increase in their heart rate, they took deeper breaths; their cheeks held a slight flush and their pupils had dilated. All these physical happenings cause people to hang on to their partner as Robert and Catherine were doing; a bear hug, a tight embrace but not squishing. The quite room filled with moans and the gulp of air each took in quickly; only to resume the kiss. Robert relaxed his bear hug and soothed Catherine's back. Neither wanted it to end; the sequence was repeated; only Catherine's hands rested on his arms. In a moment their lips parted; their cheeks were still close. With their faces only an inch apart; they opened their eyes. A/N: This is where the movie ends, but not my story.[Chapter 9] Now What Robert and Catherine remained still; neither could move. Both had to blink several times in order to focus. They were still in a state of euphoria. Catherine fell against him, weak, panting and sweaty; her knees began to give way. Robert sensed what was happening. \"Oh no, don't you faint on me.\" He quickly brought his arms into the bear hug position. Luckily, they weren't far from the sofa. He forcibly pushed her to it. \"Sit, Catherine.\" She did. Immediately, her head was in her hands. It almost touched her knees. \"I guess we found out, Catherine.\" \"I suppose we did.\" Her symptoms lessened; she was able to sit up. She let her head fall back against the sofa. She was smiling. \"You woke a part of me that's been asleep a long time.\" \"I felt it too, Catherine. I'm convinced we belong together.\" \"Is it too soon for you?\" \"No Catherine, Father Stephan told me, my period of grieving started a long time ago. I believe him.\" \"I don't think my friends will blink an eye; they've waited a year for me to come to terms with Tom's death.\" \"It's late Catherine. Let me close the damper part way; the embers will die out soon. I promised the girls I would pick up dinner from Romero's. Do you have something to eat?\" Catherine was silent. \"Never mind, I'll buy your dinner too. Maybe we shouldn't wait very long to get married; you might disappear on me.\" \"I won't disappear but if you insist, I thank you.\" \"Stay close behind my car, Catherine, it's tricky getting out of here in the dark.\" They parked side by side at the restaurant. Catherine rolled down her window. \"Stay put, it won't take me long.\" He was true to his word. He put his big bag in his car. Once again Catherine rolled down her window. \"Here you go Catherine, you can probably get at least two meals from it.\" \"What did you get me?\" \"Cheese ravioli, it keeps well. Can you come to the cabin tomorrow afternoon?\" \"I can, don't run off: I need a kiss.\" \"You are special.\" The kiss didn't linger; the temperature had really dropped since sunset. Robert smiled all the way home. Catherine's never left her face. Robert watched as she drove into her garage. He had decided. I won't wait very long at all. At home, he was greeted with, \"where have you been, at the cabin? We're starved.\" \"Sorry, I got busy; the time got away from me.\" \"When can I sleep at the cabin, Grandpa?\" \"Maybe in the spring, when it's not so cold and the railing is up on the loft.\" \"Come on, Michael; let's eat while it's hot.\" Jeff gently guided him to the kitchen table. Catherine's house was cold; she kept the furnace on very low. She disliked wasting money to heat the big house. She fixed a plate of the ravioli and took it to her bedroom, along with a glass of wine. Her bedroom had a small sitting room; it had a gas fireplace. She flicked the switch and sat at the small table near it to eat. Her mind dwelled on their kiss; not the second one, the first. She came to the same conclusion Robert had. He was the one who had to come up with creative ways to leave his house. His family all knew he had given his crew off until after the New Year. He also had to suppress his smile. He kept his happiness inside. This morning, after breakfast he made it known, he had a new client from out of town to meet. \"I don't know how long I'll be. Jaclyn, the pot roast is ready to put in the oven. I think you can peel and cut up the potatoes. And cut the carrots into small pieces. It's a big piece of meat. You need to put in the oven around two o'clock. You should add the vegetables an hour or so later.\" \"I will Dad.\" He didn't see a smirk from her. He felt he had been convincing. He left the house. Catherine had some office work to do. She came in and left unnoticed; the week after Christmas was always slow. No appointments were made; people were still celebrating. She found Robert fixing lunch when she arrived. \"I'm sure you haven't eaten lunch.\" \"No, I was in a hurry to see you.\" \"I had to pretend I had a new client to meet. I don't like being deceptive. The girls will understand eventually. Now may I have a kiss?\" \"Just one, Robert?\" \"No, as many as you wish to share.\" They stood in the kitchen, kissing for many moments. \"Let's eat Catherine.\" Lunch wasn't fancy, a sandwich and a salad. They brought their plates to the table. When they had finished they sat close on the sofa to talk. The topics varied. \"When did you first want to be a doctor, Catherine?\" \"That started when I was about ten. At first I wanted to be a ballerina and then a singer. I have a real gift for learning songs. I hear them once or twice and I know all the words. My parents focused me on more serious callings. \"We had a wonderful family doctor. My mother had told him about my interest in science. He invited me to observe in his office. I did and learned I really enjoyed it. My grades were always excellent. When we moved to California, the school put me in all advanced classes. I wasn't yet sixteen when I graduated. \"I completed my pre-med studies in three years. I then entered UCLA's medical program. What about you? When did you get interested in construction?\" \"We moved here after my dad's stint in the Navy. I had always loved to make things. I took all the woodworking classes I could; but my mom made sure I also had enough credits to get into college. \"I see the fire has died, Catherine; it's our signal to leave. I left instructions for Jaclyn to put the pot roast in the oven. My family was waiting for dinner last night; I didn't want to be responsible for dinner tonight.\" \"I think you have them spoiled, Robert.\" \"Maybe so Catherine, here's your coat.\" He held it for her to slip into it. It wasn't quite dusk. Catherine didn't need to follow Robert as close as she had last night. Again he watched until her garage door closed. They met every day, sometimes after breakfast but usually around the noon hour. They both kept their promise to others. Michael got his breakfast at Murray's. \"Now remember, Michael, Power Rangers don't need a lot of sugar.\" \"I know Grandpa, Mommy reminded me,\" And Catherine kept her lunch date with Marina. She found it most difficult to suppress her happiness. And then she had to decline her invitation to New Year's Day dinner. \"I have a bug plate of food waiting for me to eat while watching all the day's football games.\" That appeared to satisfy Marina. Catherine didn't know at the time; it really would be true. When the couple met, they talked non-stop. They packed into those few hours, months' worth of stories about their pasts. Each spoke about their awkward growing up years. \"I bet you were cute, Catherine.\" \"Heavens no Robert, I was skinny as a bean pole. I had bad legs and a lazy eye.\" \"I had braces, wore glasses and spoke with a lisp.\" \"We would have made quite a pair, Robert. How did you and Marybeth meet? At a dance our freshman year in college; she loved to dance and so did I; we became an instant couple. I invited her to the Homecoming dance; that night I purposed. I was surprised she said yes right away. Our marriage survived my army time when I was away. That's why the age spread between Lori and Jaclyn. \"When I returned; I completed college by going to night school. A local construction company hired me; I was promoted rapidly; offered a partnership about ten years ago. Five years ago, I bought out the retiring partner; it's now Robert Woodward Construction Company. \"Marybeth's mental problems took us by surprise; the diagnosis devastated both of us. Lori had Jeff; they were married by then. Michael was born in their second year. Jaclyn was still in high school; she couldn't deal with the illness; she found reasons to sleep at her girlfriends' houses. I was in no shape to help her; I could barely survive each day.\" \"No one has any clue how Alzheimer's affects a family. I understand completely why you placed her at the hospice.\" \"Your experience there must have been difficult; you knew Tom was going to die; you didn't know when.\" \"Even then I had a Dr. Jekyll, Mr. Hyde personality; I eventually could not concentrate at work. I knew I had to take a leave of absence. I've already told you about his last hours. I'm going to change the subject. How did you learn to enjoy dancing?\" Robert chuckled. \"My mom wasn't about to have two wallflowers for sons; she made us take lessons. As typical boys, we both resisted but then we grew up and saw it as a way to meet girls. Do you dance?\" Catherine laughed. \"Tell me Catherine.\" \"How ironic, my father taught me; he wanted to take the tomboy out of me. Our backgrounds are very different; we also have many similarities. My mind tells me what my heart already knows; we were meant for each other.\" They didn't only talk. They were in love. Like any couple they would share moments of passionate necking; they knew when to stop; they both had old fashioned values. \"Catherine, there's no need to wait any longer; New Year's Day is the perfect day to tell my family.\" \"And what will the Woodward's family chef be cooking?\" \"A simple meal, ham from the Ham store, sweet potatoes with marshmallows; black-eyed peas, my mom's recipe, a must have for good luck in the New Year, my grandmother's green beans, store bought rolls and a cranberry salad – no big deal.\" \"Are you going to tell them ahead of time?\" \"Only that I've invited a poor lost soul to have dinner with us.\" \"Is that for real?\" \"Yep,\" as Michael would say. \"Are you nervous?\" \"Anxious is a better word.\" \"Don't be; it will be a piece of cake, you'll see.\" \"Okay, I believe you. What time is dinner?\" \"I need to look at the broadcast schedule; we eat when our least favorite teams are playing.\" \"I've heard of families who do that; never thought I would be marrying into one of them.\" \"I'll call your cell phone when I find out.\" Catherine didn't have long to wait. That same night Robert called. \"We'll eat around four o'clock. Please come between three and three-thirty.\" \"Okay, I love you, Robert; it's going to be a wonderful New Year,\" \"I feel the same Catherine. I hope you know how much I love you.\" \"I do, Robert, I send my kisses.\" \"I hope you sense my mine. See you tomorrow. Good night my love.\" \"Good night, Robert.\"[Chapter 10] New Year's Day 'Twas New Year's Day at the house on Grey Knoll; no one was stirring, not even a mouse. Catherine lay in her bed dreaming of Robert. There was no noise out on the snow covered lawn; only the ducks honked as they flew overhead. Her only vision was being in the arms of her new love. Catherine didn't spring from her bed; but she was awake and she did get up. Her warm bathroom and slippers were waiting for her. Her destination was the kitchen. No coffee for her, hot tea would have to do. And her usual bowl of oatmeal and nuts would fill her belly. The sitting room of her bedroom was her destination; again she turned on the gas fireplace and the TV. She heard the weather report, 'cold and cloudy, no precipitation anticipated.' Catherine was in no hurry to dress; she had plenty of time. She found her favorite seasonal old movie was on, The Bishop's Wife . She settled on the settee to watch it. The house on Hall Brook Drive had one mouse stirring. Robert was in the kitchen preparing the family's traditional breakfast. It was nothing exotic; he fried bacon; made the pancake batter. The eggs were on the counter getting warm; he had learned long ago warm eggs fry up better. A tiny baby was suckling at her mother's breast. Lori's milk was more than sufficient. She joined her dad in the kitchen. \"I need some food, Dad. Marybeth is nursing very well.\" She sliced a piece of breakfast bread and drank a cup of milk. \"I'm going to catch a nap while I can.\" \"Okay, Lori, I am going to fix some snacks for lunch; they'll be in the family room.\" The other three joined him within the hour. \"As usual, Dad, this was exceptional. Michael and I will go downstairs and play a game.\" \"And I'm going to tune in the pre-game jibber-jabber; the first game is at eleven o'clock.\" Jeff told him. Robert didn't mind they left him; he could daydream about Catherine. Oh, how he longed to hold her and kiss her until her knees bent. Even his thoughts had stirred him. Before he fixed the snacks, he prepared all the side dishes for dinner. The black-eyed peas had soaked overnight; he added the flavorings and put the pot on simmer. The green beans were easy; two cans of seasoned mushroom soup were mixed with them. They were covered with French Fried Onions. He would bake them later. The sweet potatoes had been boiled, peeled and mashed. The ham was out of the refrigerator; it tasted better at room temperature. Robert carried the snacks to the family room and joined his family. Lori did the same after she fed Marybeth again. Catherine had had a snack as well; an apple and some cheese. It was now two o'clock; Catherine was trying to select her outfit. She didn't want to be too dressy; she wanted to be comfortable, yet feminine. She searched her closet. At first she was exasperated, then she found it. A favorite skirt she hadn't worn in years, a long straight skirt in a nubby tweed fabric. She held it up to her. \"I think it still fits.\" Before she put it on, she found a long sleeved white blouse. She put it on and slipped the skirt over her hips. Catherine admired herself in the mirror. The base color could be described as light Cappuccino coffee brown. It had a plaid look; formed by many horizontal and a few vertical thick strands of yarn like threads. They were in colors of sunlight yellow, deep sky blue and accented with some in dark green and the dark pink of magenta. Catherine liked what she saw. She added her jeweled UCLA pin; she attached it to the points of the collar. She had also found a loosely knit cardigan sweater in the same deep sky blue color. She put on a pair of comfortable shoes. Her brown coat and cream colored scarf were in the closet downstairs. It was three-fifteen, Catherine rang the doorbell rang at Robert's house. Catherine could hear him. \"No, Michael, I'll get the door, you go play Power Rangers with Aunt Jaclyn.\" Robert opened the door; immediately he put his fingers to Catherine's lips, \"Shh.\" \"Who's there, Dad?\" \"Oh, some poor lost soul.\" \"Come on, Dad, stop teasing.\" Jeff walked up the stairs. And rather loudly spoke, \"Dr. Howard!\" He looked at Robert then Catherine. \"Tell me, Dad.\" \"Catherine's our dinner guest.\" \"Go on.\" \"Later Jeff, let's enjoy dinner first.\" His eyes sparkled. His face held an impish but playful grin. \"May I take your coat, Catherine?\" \"Of course, Robert.\" Robert admired her outfit; he didn't have time to speak. Neither did Catherine; although she had seen his face. Everyone had heard Jeff and came running. Jaclyn and Michael came from the basement family room and Lori from the downstairs bedroom which was the baby's second nursery. \"You keep surprises well, Dad.\" \"I suppose, Lori; let's enjoy dinner. Catherine and I will share later.\" \"Can I help you, Robert?\" \"Not much left to do; Jaclyn set our rarely used dining room table.\" \"I was surprised when he told me to set a sixth place. I never expected it was for you, Dr. Howard.\" \"He told me, I was a surprise. And please, call me Catherine.\" Catherine did follow Robert to the kitchen along with Jaclyn and Lori. They carried the prepared dishes to the table. \"I need to stay right here by the oven, Catherine; I want the marshmallows on the sweet potatoes brown not burnt,\" \"Have you ever burnt them?\" \"One year, I told the girls, a little charcoal wouldn't hurt them. They scraped off the burnt part anyway. Okay, everyone, they're ready; take your seats.\" Robert carried the hot dish and placed it on a trivet. Catherine found the empty seat; it was to the left of Robert's place at the head of the table. Jeff had the other end; Jaclyn sat next to Catherine. Lori and Michael were on the other side. \"You prepared a feast, Robert.\" \"Like I told you, it's no big deal; everything is easy to prepare.\" \"It's been awhile since I've enjoyed a home cooked holiday meal.\" Michael said the typical grace recited by most young children. His dad added, \"Let's eat.\" Everyone was hungry; there was very little talking. Robert and Jeff had a bet going on about the late game, The Rose Bowl. \"I must root for UCLA.\" It was Jeff who asked. \"Why Catherine?\" \"I have two degrees from there, undergraduate and medical school. They usually have a pretty good team.\" \"Girls, don't play football.\" \"That's true Michael; it fun to watch. My father and I would watch all of them; my mom and grandmother had already given up trying to teach me to cook.\" \"You don't cook, Catherine.\" \"Very little, Lori.\" \"What do you eat?\" \"I fix a big bowl of heart healthy oatmeal and nuts every morning. I eat a big lunch at the hospital, if I can. If I don't, I might stop for a take-out-meal. I snack on peanut butter and jelly in the evening.\" Robert looked at his watch. \"Almost game time; put your plates in the sink. I'll get everything in the refrigerator.\" The game was a nail bitter; the score kept changing. Jeff won the bet. Catherine and Robert found them both lamenting their team's loss. Lori looked at the clock; it was eight-thirty. \"Michael, you need to say good night; you have school in the morning.\" Michael pouted. \"Think of all you have to tell your friends,\" Catherine told him. \"You have a new baby sister and you've made a new friend. Can I have a hug?\" Michael was shy; Catherine grabbed him. \"Why don't you call me Dr. Cat, all my children do?\" \"Thank you, Dr. Cat, see you around.\" Catherine thought, I plan to be around a lot. Jeff put him to bed; Lori needed to feed baby Marybeth. Catherine and Jaclyn helped Robert clean up the kitchen. \"Let's go sit in the family room before Catherine needs to go home.\" Robert was sure Lori and Jaclyn had been talking. They were polite. \"I invited Catherine here for a reason. Sometimes we have no control over events; the unexpected may happen at any moment. Catherine found my cabin after sliding off the road into a ditch. She saw the smoke from the chimney; she had been to the cabin a few years ago.\" \"Let me continue Robert. I believe you know I'm a widow. My husband Tom died from prostate cancer, a year ago, at the hospice. I can't really explain why I did what I did. I never accepted his death. I never moved beyond my grief and I didn't allow anyone to help me – until that day at the cabin. Your dad tore down the wall I had built.\" Robert continued. \"We've spent a lot of time together, talking; and I mean that, we talked. We both feel we have many more years left and we don't want to be alone. We want to share them together. We want to get married.\" \"I have no doubt, you're in love. Did he tell you he and our mom dated only a few weeks before they married?\" \"He did, Lori. I never thought I would fall in love again; your dad stole my heart. It's unexplainable.\" \"When? Jeff asked. \"We need about a week; I'm sure Father Stephen will marry us.\" \"And where will you live?\" \"At the cabin for now, Jeff.\" All of them asked, \"Why?\" \"We need our own space and besides, this is your house, Jeff and Lori.\" \"Not unless we can work out a deal.\" \"We'll talk later, Jeff.\" \"Why not your house, Catherine?\" \"Too many memories, Lori, Tom and I built it and it's way too big.\" \"The housing market favors sellers right now; there are very few on the market. Catherine thinks one of the pediatricians may be interested in it. We don't plan to live at the cabin indefinitely. I know there are several small lake front lots available. We'll build our home together.\" \"Michael's going to be thrilled. He likes you, Catherine.\" \"He's easy to like, Lori.\" \"Your mom and I talked after her diagnosis. She told me not to pass up love if it should come my way.\" \"Ironically, so did Tom. I believe both of them are smiling. I better get home. I have a department meeting early tomorrow morning. Thank you for dinner.\" \"You need to thank Dad; he did all the work.\" \"I plan to.\" Robert held her coat. She slipped her arms I and drew it around her. \"I don't need to button it, Robert. I'm going right to the car.\" \"I know, but it is covering your outfit.\" \"Did you enjoy it, Robert?\" \"So you noticed my looks; it does fit you well, Catherine.\" \"You did stare. We could talk all night; I do need to get home.\" Robert took advantage of her unbuttoned coat; he reached under it to hold her close for a kiss. Catherine didn't mind. Their passionate kiss stirred her internal feelings; she had to get her legs under her before she let go. Reluctantly, they both parted. Robert opened the car door. \"Call me when you get home. I want to be sure my future wife is home safe and sound.\" Robert watched her drive away. He smiled. In a few days it will all be different Robert. His family had gone to bed. Robert turned out the downstairs lights. His cell phone rang the moment he entered his bedroom. \"Safe and sound, Robert,\" he immediately heard. \"Good, I miss you already. I know we both have busy days tomorrow. It will probably be in late afternoon before we can connect.\" \"Yes, you're right.\" The phone call concluded with \"I love you,\" from both of them.[Chapter 11] Wedding plans two Both Catherine and Robert were up early the day after their New Year's Day announcement. Their happiness was quite evident by their smiles which had never left them. They both knew they needed to temper them; neither wanted any cause for questions, at least not yet. Robert was lucky; he had several appointments with prospective clients. They kept him busy until the afternoon. Catherine had a more difficult task. She couldn't hide in her office. The Cardiology department meeting was on her schedule. Catherine couldn't hide in the back and be quiet; she had an active role. The world of pediatric cardiology was changing; they were planning a large conference to be held at St. Mary's in the spring. Her savior was the fact this group were mostly men; no one seemed to recognize her extreme happiness. Patient appointments, rounds on those in the hospital and more meetings kept her busy until the afternoon. Catherine closed the door on her office; she could finally let her smile fill her face, no one could see her. Robert could wait no longer to talk with his bride-to-be. He had to dial the main number of the hospital to reach her. In seconds, the phone rang in her office. She had been daydreaming about Robert; she jumped when it rang. Not knowing who it was; she answered professionally. Dr. Howard, may I help you? Robert teased, all she heard was heavy breathing. Hello, Robert, I was sitting here thinking about you. \"I've been thinking about you too; let's take a chance and go the church and see if Father Stephen can see us. Can you get away?\" \" I'm done for the day.\" \"Give me twenty minutes; I'll pick you up in front of the hospital.\" I'll be waiting. Catherine tidied up her desk before walking to the lobby. She timed it perfectly; she saw his car come into the circle in front of the hospital. She opened the door herself and got in. Robert reached for her; a kiss was his greeting. They drove away; the church wasn't far. \"I hope he's there, Robert.\" \"We're about to find out.\" Robert had parked the car; he hurried around it to open Catherine's door. He held out his hand. \"Are you ready, Catherine?\" \"More than ready.\" They held hands as they walked up the walkway. The home, like the cabin, had a small room you entered before opening the door to the residence. They dropped hands before entering the house. A receptionist's desk was before them. The woman looked up. She saw Catherine whom she did not know; but in a second she saw and heard Robert. \"Marlene, is Father Stephen here?\" \"Yes, are you two together?\" Robert's voice had traveled into the office; Father Stephen had heard him. He was getting up from his chair when he heard. \"Yes, Catherine and I would like to have a few minutes of his time.\" The priest hurried to the door. \"This is a surprise, Robert and Catherine. I have no appointments; please come in my office and take a seat.\" Father Stephen couldn't help but notice their smiles. \"Who's going to speak first?\" He asked. \"Let me begin, Catherine. \"I'm sure you remember what you told me after Marybeth died. After her funeral, I spent time at the cabin I had bought last summer. It was my escape; a place where I could pound out my feelings. I soon found out that God works in amazing ways. He began to tell the story of how he and Catherine had fallen in love. He started from the very beginning; he didn't leave out anything, not even their first kiss. \"Father, we both feel we've been given a second chance to love someone for the remainder of our lives.\" \"God's plan for us can sometimes be like a lightning bolt; totality unexpected. I have no doubt you love each other deeply.\" \"Father, we could go to the courthouse and get married; but we would prefer you to conduct the ceremony.\" \"Sooner rather than later, I presume.\" \"Yes, if possible.\" \"The Church allows us to make discretionary decisions about the waiting period; like we do during wars. Do you have a date in mind?\" \"We need this weekend to prepare the cabin; our home for now. A week from this Thursday would be perfect.\" \"What time?\" Together they said, \"Noon.\" \"Noon it is, can we meet again on Friday? I have to attend the Bishop's conference next week.\" \"Friday around three.\" \"Perfect, Robert.\" He waited for the door to close. \"Marlene, I don't think I've ever met a couple who are so right for each other; I believe they will have one long happy marriage.\" \"I noticed too, Father.\" Out in the car, the happy couple kissed. \"Catherine, let's have dinner at my house and share our news.\" Dinner was almost ready when they arrived. The family was still enjoying the meals which were delivered every day since New Year's Day. Jeff had made sure everything was hot. Jaclyn spent a lot of time with Michael. They were playing a game when they arrived. Marybeth was still nursing almost every three hours. Catherine peaked into the bedroom. Lori was putting her in the crib. Catherine looked at her. \"I can tell she's growing, Lori; her little face is fuller.\" \"She has Catherine. I weighed one day with her in my arms and then without her; there was over a pound difference.\" They joined the others at the table. The couple tried not to be all smiles. Still, Jaclyn noticed. \"You're smiles are telling; have you set a date?\" \"We have, next Thursday at noon.\" \"My calendar isn't full; I'll block the time.\" Jeff told them.\" \"And that's my planning afternoon; I can be there.\" \"And I can take Michael out of school for the afternoon.\" Michael didn't have much to say; he was listening. \"Are you inviting anyone else?\" \"Catherine's inviting her friends, William and Marina. I'm inviting my foreman and his wife. Girls, you've met them before, Chuck and Denise. Both couples will be our witnesses and sign our marriage certificate.\" \"Are you going to buy a gown, Catherine?\" \"No, Lori, I have a dress I wore to a wedding a few months ago. It's lovely.\" \"Nothing special for me either; I have a nice suit to wear.\" \"This weekend, we will make several trips to the cabin. We need to bring our clothes for next week.\" \"Are you both going back to work on Monday, Catherine?\" \"We are, Jaclyn. We're planning on our life being like a honeymoon.\" \"We also need to stock the pantry and refrigerator. I don't know Catherine's food choices; except for oatmeal, nuts, apples and cheese.\" \"Since we're talking about food, Lori, where did your friend get her meals?\" \"She knows a caterer.\" \"Does she do weddings?\" \"She does, Catherine, would you like me to contact her?\" \"Yes, please, tell her, nothing elaborate; maybe finger sandwiches and the like.\" \"I'm sure it will be no problem; she'll supply a small cake. We can have it here; our dining room is the perfect size. Don't worry about it; I'll take care of it.\" \"Thank you Lori, I won't worry.\" \"Well, Catherine, it's all arranged. The only thing we need to do is buy our rings. We can do it before we go grocery shopping on Saturday.\" \"Sounds like a plan, Robert.\" Robert had noticed Michael. \"Michael, would you like to go to Murray's on Saturday with Catherine and me?\" \"Can I really, Grandpa?\" Catherine answered. \"And I can have my first taste of chocolate chip pancakes.\" \"You've never had them.\" \"Never, Jaclyn, I told your dad; Tom and I never ate there for breakfast. This will be a first for me.\" \"I better take Catherine home; we both need to be at work on time.\" During the short ride, Catherine commented. \"I'm glad we're taking Michael to breakfast. He needs to know he's not losing a grandpa; he's gaining a grandma. I hope, one day he will feel comfortable with that; for now Dr. Cat will do.\" \"It may take a few months; one day it will happen; I have no doubt, grandma.\" Catherine smiled and leaned into Robert's shoulder. He had parked in Catherine's driveway. \"I think I'll stay here and neck with my soon to be bride. The neighbors can think what they like.\" \"I'm willing; my empty house would be tempting.\" \"I know.\" Their kissing steamed up the car; and lit a fire in each of them. Robert walked her to the front door for a final goodnight kiss. They counted the days; the work week couldn't end fast enough. They saw each other for dinner; and necked in Robert's car before saying goodnight. Friday afternoon they went to the rectory. They entered the rectory with hands clasped. \"Go on in, he's waiting.\" Father Stephen wasted no time. \"This won't take long. I have a few things to ask. First, are you both willing to freely talk about your late spouses?\" Catherine answered first. \"Robert has helped me so much, Father. He knows Tom and I had a good marriage and I know his with Marybeth was wonderful as well.\" \"I see each of you is still wearing your wedding rings. Are you ready to replace them?\" It was Robert's turn. \"A wedding ring is a reminder to be faithful; both Catherine and I were, to the very end. Our new rings will pledge the same.\" \"I can incorporate removing them into your ceremony. Would you like that?\" They looked at each other and nodded. He saw their affirmation. \"On this sheet of paper you will find your part for the simple ceremony and I've included your vows; so you can read over them. You're free to write your part for the giving of your rings. \"The chapel is small; I don't think you need to practice. The church's organist will be there to play the piano. Do you have any requests?' \"I don't, Father; I'm sure her selections will be wonderful. I've heard her play before.\" \"I'll tell her, Catherine. I'll be looking for you both next Thursday around eleven-thirty.\" \"We'll be here; thank you for being so accommodating.\" \"You're most welcomed, Robert.\" \"We can see ourselves out.\" Robert and Catherine didn't go to his house for dinner. Instead Catherine had convinced Robert to go the dinner theater; a movie theater which served meals. He was dubious when Catherine told him the name of the movie, Mickey Blue Eyes . He had asked. \"What's it about?\" \"A gangster's daughter and her boyfriend.\" \"A girly movie, Catherine.\" \"I wouldn't call it girly. It's funny.\" \"Okay, Catherine, I'm game.\" They were pleasantly surprised at the menu selections. Robert had a beer with his selection and Catherine had a glass of wine with hers. They finished their meal before the movie began. They had laughed; Catherine had grabbed his hand during the suspenseful parts. They applauded with the audience. \"See I told you it wasn't girly; it had the right mix of romance and suspense. I thought for sure they had killed his fiancée.\" \"It was perfect Catherine, it did have a surprising ending.\" It was later than usual for ending their night. They enjoyed only a couple of kisses before he walked with her to the front door. \"Michael, will be awake early; watch for me around seven-thirty.\" \"I'll be waiting.\" Robert let her go in. She watched him drive away. In the morning, Robert and Michael were right on-time. Catherine was already locking her door by the time Robert came up the walk. She sat in the front seat. Michael was buckled up in the back. \"Good morning, Michael, do you have a big appetite this morning?\" \"I'm hungry, Dr. Cat.\" \"So am I, Michael.\" The restaurant's owner didn't seat them; but he did see them. He decided not to embarrass them. They didn't occupy Robert's window seat; they ate in one of the rear booths. Robert placed their order. \"All of us will have your chocolate chip pancakes; my grandson will have milk; we'll both have regular coffee.\" They didn't have long to wait before their food was served. \"Do you want any syrup, Catherine?\" \"I don't think so; I'll enjoy the taste of chocolate. I will put on a little butter.\" Robert fixed Michael's plate and his own; he used both butter and syrup. Michael ate non-stop. \"You were hungry.\" \"I was grandpa.\" \"You need to wait for Catherine and me to finish.\" \"No problem, I still have my milk to finish.\" \"These are good; Lori's right, they do have a lot of sugar.\" \"I suppose. We really don't have them often.\" \"That's good.\" \"Are you ready, buddy?\" \"Last sip, grandpa, I'm ready.\" Jeff knew Robert and Catherine had things to do. He was watching for them. He came out to the car to get Michael. Robert thanked him. They drove to the shopping district. The stores were just opening. Their first stop was the jewelry store. They went straight to the wedding ring display. The clerk asked. \"May I bring out the tray?\" \"Yes, please, we both want a gold ring.\" \"Have a seat over here, you can try them on; here's a tray for your lady; the other are the man's rings, take your time.\" Robert wasn't picky; a plain gold ring would do. \"Which do you like Catherine?\" \"Believe it or not, I not only like a plain ring; I need one. I wear surgical gloves; I can't have anything that might puncture a hole in them.\" \"That goes for engagement rings too, Catherine.\" \"It does Robert.\" Catherine didn't buy a plain ring like Robert's; hers was engraved with hearts. All around the ring a pattern repeated itself, two large hearts met at their bottom point; two much smaller hearts were in the space above and below where they met. Each set of hearts was separated by an hour glass shaped design. \"Do you like it Robert? It will remind me that our hearts beat as one.\" \"I do. Shall we make our purchase?\" They both had accounts with the store; they bought each other's ring. The clerk smiled when they left. He had a thought. They're a perfect couple. \"On to the grocery store Catherine; we can eat our way around the store.\" \"How's that possible, Robert?\" \"They have all these tasting booths on Saturday. I'm sure we can eat enough to hold us to dinner.\" \"I never knew about them. I suppose that proves how few groceries I've bought.\" Robert was correct; they found more than enough samples to eat. Robert had made a list. Their main purchases were meat, a roast, ground beef and two packages of chicken tenders. Catherine added lots of salad fixings, oranges for juice and a large bag of apples and peanut butter and jelly or jam. The car was loaded. They took off for the cabin. They didn't take long to put their groceries away. Catherine looked around to see what else they might need; she made a list for tomorrow. \"What time will you have your clothes packed tomorrow?\" \"You can come over by eleven.\" Tonight Robert stopped at Romero's for their dinner meal. \"Italian food again. Robert?\" \"My family fell in love with it after Marybeth and I went to Italy for our tenth wedding anniversary. Are you alright with it?\" \"I am; I only wanted to be sure your family was.\" Dinner was more than appreciated. Robert and Catherine spent time on her driveway steaming up the car. Sunday morning, Robert was there right on-time. Catherine had not only packed her clothes; she had a couple of boxes in the upstairs hall. \"What did you pack, Catherine?\" \"You told me, you only recently bought the sofa bed. I suspected it didn't come with linens. They're full of sheets, blankets and some towels.\" \"Never crossed my mind, my future wife thinks of everything.\" The car was full; they made a be-line for the cabin. They didn't stay there. After they made up the bed, it became very tempting. They had dinner with the family. The couple kept busy those last three days of waiting. On Wednesday night, they ate by themselves in a small restaurant near the hospital. The booths were very secluded; it was like being in a private room. It wasn't very busy. Before leaving, they reviewed their ceremony. \"Robert, have you memorized our two parts?\" \"I think so.\" \"I have Robert; I'll be able to help you. Let's recite them together, first the one when we remove our ring. \"I Robert/Catherine, remove the ring…. mementos of that happy and loving marriage.\" \"You know it Robert, remember we repeat our vows after Father Stephen; we only need to say our ring vows. We wrote very simple ones.\" Robert thought a minute. \"I give you this ring as a symbol of my love. As it encircles your finger, may it remind you always that you are surrounded by my enduring love.\" \"Correct Robert, you'll be fine.\" \"I suppose I should take you home.\" \"We have years to be together; tomorrow will be here soon.\" They were in Catherine's driveway. \"I think a couple of kisses at your door will hold us.\" \"I think so too, Robert.\" As much as they wanted too; they didn't kiss very long. \"See you at the altar tomorrow, Robert.\" \"I'll be there, goodnight sweetheart.\" Robert watched the door shut; he drove away slowly; until he could see the house no longer. Catherine stood in the front window for a few minutes before climbing her stairs to sleep alone for the last time. Early on Thursday morning, Robert returned to the cabin; to turn on the furnace and stack logs in the fireplace. Their honeymoon destination was waiting.[Chapter 12] The Marriage Catherine and Robert both woke early the next day; their internal alarm clocks would not allow them to sleep any longer, neither got out of bed right away. They lay thinking about the other; and anticipating their time together at the cabin. The wedding was simply a formality; although their vows would be taken with the utmost sincerity. Eventually each got up. Their destination was the same, the kitchen. Neither dressed. Robert began to cook his last breakfast for his family; Catherine made a small bowl of oatmeal. She hurried up to the warmth of the bedroom sitting room with its gas fireplace to eat. Robert surprised Jeff; he had intended to prepare breakfast for them. \"Dad, what are you doing?\" \"Cooking breakfast, Jeff, we do need to eat. Besides, I want the morning to go by quickly.\" His girls were surprised to see him cooking in his pajamas and bathrobe. They were all smiles. \"Your dad beat me, Lori.\" \"I'm not surprised.\" They ate and both Jeff and Jaclyn went on to work; Michael rode with his aunt to school. Marybeth's schedule was perfect. Lori gave her a bath before her next feeding. By eleven she was hungry again. Lori fed her before slipping into her dress. Robert and Catherine were in their bathrooms at the same time, it was ten o'clock. It didn't take them long to be ready. Both were pacing while they waited for their rides. Chuck and Denise would drive Robert, Lori and the baby to the church. Catherine saw William's car pull into her driveway. She didn't bother to button her coat; she hurried out her front door; pausing only long enough to lock it. William had the car door open. \"Catherine, I don't believe I've ever seen you so happy. I'm anxious to meet the lucky man.\" \"I still pinch myself, Marina. I'm a lucky woman.\" They arrived before Robert. Catherine and Marina hurried into the bride's room. \"Do I look alright, Marina? How's my hair?\" \"You're fine; you're radiant. You'll make Robert have heart palpitations.\" \"Then we'll match; I haven't even seen him and yet I feel my heart beating faster.\" \"A sign, of true love, Catherine.\" Catherine heard Jeff and Jaclyn's voices; and soon Lori's. Then there was silence; she knew they had taken their seats. After a quiet knock on the door, Catherine heard a familiar voice. \"Father Stephen, Catherine,\" she opened the door, \"it's almost time, the music will begin in a moment.\" \"I'm ready, Father.\" \"So is your soon to be husband.\" Marina left behind him to take her seat beside William. Catherine heard the introduction to Tchaikovsky's Waltz of the Flowers. Catherine took her place. The music of the composition changed into a slow march; Catherine made herself walk slowly. She was in a hurry to hold Robert's hand. He was standing at the foot of the altar with Chuck by his side. This was a chapel; the aisle was short. Father Stephen took her hand. \"Robert, I give you the hand of your betrothed.\" The couple stood before him. \"Before I begin the ceremony, it is important for me to say a few words. The church normally requires a significant waiting period before a couple can marry. We know no one should take a vow of a lifetime on a spur of the moment or a whim. \"I've known Robert and Catherine for a long time; their hearts were broken when their spouses died. It didn't matter the cause, the effect was the same. Their partner was gone; the one they fully and completely loved. The one with whom they had hoped to enjoy the senior years of their life. \"Neither one expected to find another partner. It seems a plan made clear long ago had these two meeting. It's their belief and mine; they should marry. \"Catherine and Robert, I ask. Are you ready to remove the symbol of the vow you took with your previous partner?\" \"I am.\" They both answered. The Father's nod was a signal to Robert. \"I Robert, remove the ring Marybeth placed on my finger. Removing it will not destroy my memories; there are a multitude of them. I place it in this small box to be kept with the other mementos of that happy and loving marriage.\" This part surprised their guests, especially Lori and Jaclyn. They were sniffling; doing their best not to cry. Catherine was breathing deeply. It was her turn. \"I Catherine, remove the ring Tom placed on my finger. Removing it will not destroy my memories; there are a multitude of them. I place it in this small box to be kept with the other mementos of that happy and loving marriage.\" Father Stephen placed the boxes on the altar. He turned to the couple and their guests. He began with those familiar words. \"Dearly beloved; We have come together in the presence of God to witness and bless the joining together of this man and this woman in Holy Matrimony as it was established by Jesus's first miracle at the wedding in Cana of Galilee. \"A wedding is the celebration of the highest we know in love, the pledging of the deepest fidelity, the expression of the highest aspiration. A relationship so sacred must not be entered into casually, but thoughtfully and deliberately. A wedding is also recognition that love and marriage are not always easy and that along with the tenderness, newness and joy in a marriage, a marriage must overcome many forces that might destroy it. Out of this tangled world, these two have been drawn together, two people bound firmly by the sure insights of love. I charge you, Catherine and Robert, with the responsibility to keep your love alive — to grow, to change, to maintain the capacity for wonder, for spontaneity, for humor, to remain flexible, warm and sensitive. Give fully to each other, show your real feelings to one another, save time for each other, no matter what demands are made upon your day. I charge you to nurture each other to wholeness, realizing that each of you will need at times to bring strength and support and worth to the other.\" He paused for all of them to regain their composure. His words stirred each of them. Lori and Jeff realized they had meaning for them too. No one objected to their marriage; a required question. \"And now I ask you both. Will you love, comfort, honor and keep the other, in sickness and in health, and, forsaking all others, be faithful as long as you both shall live?\" Together, they responded. \"I do.\" They sat in chairs provided for the reading from the Gospel. \"A reading from the Gospel of Saint Mark. But from the beginning of creation, 'God made them male and female. For this reason a man shall leave his father and mother, and be joined to his wife. The two shall become one flesh.' So they are no longer two, but one flesh. Here endeth the reading of the Gospel.\" \"And now my friends, you stand here before God and these witnesses to take your vows.\" Each repeated the words of the marriage vow after him. A vow to be together for life; to weather all the trials and tribulations that living together may bring; but also to love and cherish each other for as long as they both may live. Their rings were in a bowl on the altar; the Father blessed them. Each in turn said these words. \"I give you this ring as a symbol of my vow, and all that I am, and all that I have, I honor you, in the name of God.\" Robert and Catherine held each other's right hand. Father Stephen wrapped his stole around them and said these words. \"Having witnessed the taking of solemn vows, the giving and receiving of rings and now the joining of hands, I pronounce they are husband and wife. I bless you with the sign of the cross.\" He paused. \"Please give Robert and Catherine a round of applause as they enter into married bliss.\" The small group of people made a lot of noise with their applause. \"Robert you may kiss your bride.\" Their family and friends witnessed an appropriate first kiss as a married couple. The peppy Ode to Joy was their exit music. At the end of the aisle Robert's arms went around his wife; he twirled her round and round, while shouting, \"married at last.\" Chuck took charge. \"Come on you two, your reception is waiting.\" Lori's friend had been there; everything was ready the moment they entered the door. Champagne awaited everyone except Lori and Michael; they had sparkling White Grape Juice in their flute. William offered the first toast. \"A tribute, first to Robert for returning Catherine's zest for life and also for a lifetime of love.\" Next was Chuck. \"May your love be as endless as your wedding rings.\" And then Jeff offered his which was on everyone's mind. \"Here's to the Bride and the Groom! May you have a happy honeymoon.\" The partygoers sipped and ate. Robert and Catherine cut the traditional first slice of wedding cake. Jeff snapped pictures of them feeding the cake to each other. They stood for pictures of the two of them. Michael saw everyone giving Catherine a kiss. \"May I kiss you, Dr. Cat?\" Catherine immediately stooped so he could reach her cheek. \"Of course you may.\" After his kiss, she embraced him. \"Thank you, Michael, your grandpa and I will see you soon.\" She gave him a kiss. Robert held Catherine's coat; they were ready to leave. More well wishes were heard. The couple was in a world of their own. Robert waived his hand as they left. \"At last, sweetheart, we're alone.\" \"I know, Robert, don't drive too fast; we don't want to drive into a ditch.\" Robert was careful; it had sleeted last night. There was some ice on the roads closer to the cabin. They arrived safely. Catherine was in for a surprise. It was in the outer room that he reached under her legs and swooped her up in his arms. \"Robert, you're going to hurt yourself.\" \"It's tradition, Catherine.\" He hadn't locked the door; all he had to do was turn the knob. His foot tapped it shut. \"Okay, Sweetheart, you've carried me across the threshold, please put me down.\" Catherine was hanging on to him tight. \"Let go of my neck.\" She did as Robert set her feet on the floor. He was huffing and puffing a little. \"See Robert, you've expended a lot of energy; I hope you have enough for later.\" \"Don't worry Catherine, this old man is resilient.\" \"Robert you're not old; you're mature.\" \"You mean I'm not your old man.\" \"Oh, please Robert, let's not refer to each other as old man and old lady.\" \"I'm teasing. But this mature man knows his bride needs a lot of pampering; her body doesn't turn on as quickly as a man's.\" \"I know that; we're both mature; I'm going to need a lot of pampering.\" \"The pleasure will all be mine.\" \"And I'm the lucky lady.\" \"Do you want any Champagne?\" \"No, I want to get started. We can begin with some dancing. Turn on the CD player; I put in a CD the other day.\" \"We think alike, Catherine. Did you know some people believe dancing is too sexual? They think it's only for married people.\" \"Yes, if it's dirty dancing; we're married we can dance to whatever we please.\" \"It will help make us be slow and deliberate, I'm going to undress you one piece of clothing at a time.\" \"Robert, how wonderful, I'll participate too. You need to get out of your suit coat.\" This first song was titled, All or Nothing At All, it like most of the music on the CD was from the swing era of the 1930'3 and '40's. This one definitely had a swing rhythm. The song finished; the next one began. \"Robert, this is perfect for us.\" Catherine began to sing the title, Strangers in the Night. Its rhythm was more mellow. He made Catherine laugh. \"We didn't exchange glances; we exchanged terse words.\" \"I know; but we soon learned love was just around the corner. And now we are in love forever.\" \"I'll dance to that thought; we are in love forever.\" He took her in his arms; he stroked her neck and back tenderly. Catherine continued to sing phrases from the song. Robert glided them around the room. He started to kiss her gently and softly; all over her face and neck. They continued to dance. Soon Robert's tie was off; Catherine was fiddling with the buttons on his shirt. Robert had found the zipper on Catherine's dress. In moments, their outer clothes were off; they danced in their underwear to the song , You're Driving Me Crazy. Robert had pampered her in all the right places. Catherine took the lead. \"We need to find the bed, Robert.\" \"I know, I can wait no longer.\" They lay down beside each other; capturing the intimacy of the moment. Their hearts beat in sync. After lying there, nude and sweaty, Robert reached for the covers. Neither wanted to part. \"Catherine, we're not old. I think we may repeat this activity later today.\" \"I hope so; it was wonderful.\" They cuddled, but did not sleep. That was only the beginning of three wonderful days. They never left the cabin; they ate, slept, played a little Scrabble and loved like young lovers.[Chapter 13] An Exceptional Marriage Robert and Catherine were greeted with multiple 'congratulations' that Monday morning when they went to their respective work sites. Robert had more or less expected it; his was a much smaller group of people in the office. Catherine barely got in the front door when she heard the first of many of the same. Apparently, when William went back on Thursday and of course all day Friday, he told everyone. At lunch that Monday, David Wells approached Catherine. \"Understand you and Robert are living at a cabin.\" \"We are David; it's our own little retreat.\" \"Are you still going to sell your home?\" \"Definitely, are you still interested?\" \"Yes, Susan is tired of apartment living.\" \"Do you want to see it on Saturday?\" \"What time, Catherine?\" \"Eleven o'clock?\" \"Perfect, do you mind if the children come with us?\" \"Not at all, they need to see what may be their future home.\" Both of their pagers went off; they attended to their calls. That Saturday, both couples arrived at Catherine's house at the same time. The children were introduced, the boy was Steven, he was seven; the daughter was Robin, she was five. Neither had too much to say; neither did they run off. When they were upstairs, Catherine spoke to them. \"These two bedrooms have their own bathroom, let's take a look.\" She heard. \"Mommy, from my room you can see the lake.\" \"I see, Steven. And look Robin you can see the lake too.\" Then she spoke to the couple. \"Much of the furniture was bought specifically for each room; I doubt any of it will be appropriate for the house Robert and I will build. I really want you to have it.\" \"Catherine, are you sure?\" \"Yes, Susan, I'm sure.\" \"That's most generous, are you sure you don't want to make an adjustment to your asking price?\" \"None needed, David.\" \"I'll contact the bank on Monday.\" Robert and Catherine heard. \"Are you going to buy it, Daddy?\" \"Yes children, in a few weeks this will be your new home.\" The children were all smiles; Catherine was glad. Children would finally occupy her home. It wasn't a sad thought; it was one of contentment. The couples departed. Robert and Catherine went to the grocery store; on their way home they made a quick stop at Robert's office. He wanted to pick up plans for several houses for Catherine's consideration. When they had the groceries put away; they sat on the same side of the small table. Robert had five sets of drawings, external views and the inside rooms. He let Catherine have a good look at each of them. She picked out his favorite, the one the designer named The Windsor. \"My favorite feature, Robert, is the master suite on the first floor and we have our own private sitting room with a fireplace. I can visualize many cold nights sitting there, cuddled up in front of the fire.\" \"I like your romantic thoughts. As soon as most of the snow melts, we'll take a Saturday to look at lots.\" \"I hope it's soon; we've had snow on the ground for months this winter.\" They got their chance in two weeks. They still needed boots to look at them. Catherine left picking out the lot to Robert. He knew best which one would be right for the house they had chosen. The decision was made; in a week the lot was theirs; Robert had workers waiting to get started. Now they waited. On Saturday or Sunday they would check on its progress. By this time Catherine had sent all the required documents to the State of Connecticut's Division of Medial Licensure. Every day, she anticipated the mail delivery at her office. The day the envelope arrived, Catherine couldn't wait to see Robert. She was waiting in the lobby before his usual time to arrive. She tempered her excitement. She gave Robert time to open the car door for her. Before Robert drove away, he heard his wife. \"It's official, Robert.\" \"I'm not a mind reader, Catherine, tell me the rest.\" \"With pleasure, Robert, I'm now Dr. Catherine Woodward. I received my new license today.\" \"When we get home, we'll celebrate with a glass of wine, Dr. Woodward.\" \"I can't wait to hear all my colleagues address me as such; I'm proud to be Dr. Woodward.\" \"And I'm proud of my wife; you are definitely my better half.\" \"No Robert, we're complementary halves.\" \"We'll toast to us too.\" Their happiness continued; they danced until bedtime. They began their day with that same mood; both had a busy schedule. Every chance Catherine had, she was thinking about Robert's birthday; it was in April. She already knew it hadn't been celebrated in years. The only person's birthday the family had celebrated was Michael's. One day before it was time for Robert to pick her up, she had called Lori. \"I want to do something special for your dad's birthday, any ideas?\" \"He and Chuck would sometimes go into the city to a basketball or hockey game.\" \"I could watch a basketball game but not hockey, too cold and too violent. Would you mind if I took him to the city? We could celebrate with the family on another day.\" \"No Catherine, I know he'd love to go.\" \"You've been a big help, Lori. I'll talk to you soon.\" At least now she had an idea. She went out front to watch for Robert. She and Robert had pledged not to keep secrets; this was a surprise. Over the next few days, she made plans. First, she checked the schedule for the Knicks, as luck would have it; they were playing at home that entire weekend. They were all sold out for Saturday, so she got great seats for Friday. She then made a reservation at one of the nice hotel close to the arena; it was for two nights. Now she needed to think of a plan to get out of town early that Friday. She knew that wasn't going to be easy. Catherine needed a car to carry out her plan. When they closed on her house, Catherine decided to sell the SUV. They didn't need it; Robert loved to drive Catherine anywhere she needed to go. She wasn't ready to part with her Jaguar. She remembered the conversation. Robert, it was a gift from my father when I completed medical school. Can't we put in storage until our house is built? Of course we can. Our garage will easily fit three cars; if we ever need another one. Her Jaguar would be their transportation. She had even thought of the way to get Robert to go with her to the city. Friday had arrived. Catherine kissed Robert goodbye by the steps of the hospital. She went to her office and placed a call to the garage where the car was stored. The man in charge knew Catherine; he agreed to bring it to the hospital. \"Catherine, are you surprising your husband?\" \"I am, Walter; it's a birthday surprise.\" \"I'm sure it will be appreciated.\" Catherine drove Walter back to the garage and then to the cabin; it didn't take her long to pack their bags. She carried a change of clothes for Robert. Now the important phone call, Catherine had to temper her emotions. What a pleasant surprise Catherine! \"Robert, can you drive into the city with me?\" Sure, why? \"I need to meet a medical salesman at one of the hotels around three. I'll pick you up in twenty minutes.\" She disconnected the call before he could respond. She laughed out loud and went to the car. Robert was hanging on to the phone, just looking at it. \"How can she pick me up? She doesn't have a car!\" He watched from the office window. In a few moments, he saw her red Jaguar pull up and she got out. He came running out of the office. \"Catherine what are you up to?\" She handed him his clothes. \"I brought you some comfortable clothes, please go change; we don't have a lot of time.\" He didn't argue and did as she asked. Catherine was having a hard time keeping her secret. \"Do you want me to drive?\" \"No Robert, you drive me everywhere. It's my turn to drive you.\" The passenger seat was back as far as it would go; Robert only had a little difficulty getting in. Catherine didn't drive fast; she knew they really had plenty of time. They didn't need any music; they spent the time talking about their new house. She pulled into the valet parking area; they both got out of the car. \"Robert, you need get the suitcases out of the trunk.\" His eyes got wide, \"Catherine,\" he began. Catherine pulled him into a private corner, her arms went around his neck; she kissed him. \"Happy Birthday Robert, we have tickets for the Knicks game tonight and we're booked here until Sunday.\" \"Catherine, you little rascal, you planned this for me?\" \"Yes, love, I wanted to do something special and different to celebrate your Birthday; you deserve a celebration.\" And so began Robert's birthday celebration in the city. Even Catherine enjoyed the game; they had center court seats about fifteen rows up. They dined and danced; strolled around the shopping district of New York City and enjoyed their private time together. Catherine let Robert drive home. \"You keep surprises well, Catherine.\" \"It was hard, Robert. When I was younger, I always gave away my surprises; I always wanted to share them in a hurry.\" \"It's a birthday I'll never forget; I thank you.\" \"My pleasure darling; it was a special time for us. We need spontaneity in our marriage.\" \"Does that mean I should expect surprises often?\" \"Not often, but occasionally.\" \"I hear you. Let's go by our house before we go to the cabin.\" \"Look, Robert, the roof is on.\" They found more than the roof; all the sheetrock was up on the walls. It looked like a real home inside. \"Are they ahead of schedule, Robert? \"I knew they wanted it enclosed before the spring rains begin.\" \"Your crew is working overtime for us; when it's done we need to have a big party for them.\" It was still several weeks from completion. Catherine was having fun doing things she never dreamed were possible. Michael was playing on his first T-ball team; Catherine and Robert would attend as many games as they could; luckily most were on Saturday morning. It was after his team won a game, he came yelling to them. \"Grandma, Grandpa, did you see me make a home run?\" \"Of course I did. Give me a hug.\" He did and then ran off to be with his teammates. They both heard him; neither said a word. It was so natural for Michael. Catherine assumed he didn't even realize it. She felt like her heart was smiling; it was a wonderful feeling. And that was the way it would always be. Lori and Jeff heard him too. \"Catherine, I knew it would happen one day. I speak for Dad; we more than approve.\" \"Thank you, it really warms my heart.\" Robert gave her a public kiss. \"Come on Grandma; we still need to go to the grocery store.\" They laughed all the way to the car. Catherine also followed Marybeth's growing list of can dos; smiling, cooing, rolling over, sitting up and eating baby food. All events she had never enjoyed. In July they finally moved into their new home; the cabin would find other uses. And they had that big party for the workers and all who helped build it. In August, William announced he was retiring at the end of the year. He handpicked Catherine to succeed him as Medical Director of the Department of Pediatrics. Her selection would be officially announced at the Board meeting in October. It was a semi-formal affair. Robert was going to rent a tuxedo, until he heard Catherine tell him. \"Robert, in my new position, there will be lots of these occasions. It's a good investment to buy your own.\" \"So, you're going to have me look like a penguin often.\" \"Is that what guys call a tuxedo?\" \"Yep, as Michael would say. I suppose we should plan on shopping on Saturday.\" \"It won't take long, Robert. I know what I'm looking for and you only need to be fitted.\" Catherine was correct; in less than an hour they were finished. The Board Meeting and dinner was the next Saturday. Robert was surprised to learn he knew a lot of people. He and Catherine sat with William and Marina. Catherine's announcement was last. William began with typical words about his tenure. He continued. \"It is with deep pleasure I introduce to you the Pediatric Department's next chief, Dr. Catherine Woodward.\" Catherine took the podium. \"I am humbled by William's selection. With the help of all of you, I hope to build on the foundation William began. We have the opportunity to make St. Mary's Pediatrics a regional medical center. There are so many children who need our care. Please let me know you agree.\" They did with thunderous applause. When it got quiet, Catherine looked at Robert. \"Many of you have met him; I still would like to introduce my husband, Robert Woodward.\" The group applauded again; Catherine took her leave from the podium. Robert didn't kiss her; his arm went around her waist. The CEO closed the Board meeting. Robert and Catherine mingled. Robert would tell her in the car. \"Several people are going to contact my office with building projects; looks like the company will have a fast start next year.\" Robert was correct. Catherine's new position would begin on January first. She was up for the challenge. The holidays came. The couple reflected back on those days, their first meeting, the sad days of Marybeth's death, their meeting at the cabin and the conversation that day. They talked mostly about the day Catherine, the poor lost soul as Robert had called her, came to the cabin and they shared that first kiss. Catherine anticipated Christmas with the excitement of a child. Michael was still a believer. Once again she experienced a joy she never thought possible. Life was good. No matter how busy they were, they would always take time to nourish their marriage.[Chapter 14] Finale This story has come to an end. I didn't want the story to end on chapter thirteen. I'm really not superstitious, after all my Birthday is on a thirteenth. This couple will remain near and dear to my heart, it was difficult to conclude. The last chapter was a glimpse into my vision for their life together. I have all kinds of ideas, around Catherine's plans to keep Robert healthy; that's the nurse in me. Helping him eat better, fewer foods with saturated fat, or too much salt or sugar; and foods to avoid to keep his heart healthy. I know very well, those topics would not be appreciated by my readers. This will probably be my last One Special Night story. I will never say never. I want to give some concluding thoughts for everyone who may ever read it. I know when I completed this story it was the holiday season. If you haven't read it, my Santa Claus story, it's perfect for getting you the holiday spirit or any time you need to read something happy and fun. My other stories about things they do together are the Talent Show and The Family Project, which brings a Ronald MacDonald House to Arlington. I thank all of you who have read any of my stories. I really do appreciate all the reviews, I give you a special thank you. ","Summary":" Introduction The movie One Special Night has inspired many stories, including several written by me"},{"Movie":"Penelope","Title":"Another Engagement","Author":"jumira-wings","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4967576","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Penelope Fan fiction—An Interesting Proposal Author's Note—This is the first time I have ever posted fan fiction on the net and it happens to be from my new favorite movie. I hope you enjoy the read and let me know if anything needs to be fixed, if you have suggestions, etc. Seriously, I welcome all comments—flames or not. By the way, in case anyone was wondering, Lemon was the tabloid guy obsessed with trying to get a picture of Penelope. I'm not sure if his name was mentioned at all during the film. Disclaimer: Of course, I don't own any of these characters. I just loved the movie. Chapter One—Lemon Sighing heavily, Lemon rubbed his forehead, blinked weary eyes, and then finally gave up as he threw the file back onto his desk. He would work on the story later. It was so late now and his eyes were practically swimming with exhaustion. Well, his one eye anyway. The eye that was covered by the patch felt empty nothingness. Oh, the lengths he went to for a story. Luckily, all that had changed. Now that his biggest potential story was already out, he had a change of heart and left the world of tabloids for a job at writing crime reports. Heh, he thought to himself. I gave up writing news about famous people to take up writing news about infamous people . He smiled to himself as he stood up and got his coat to leave. He had only one arm through the coat sleeve, however, and was spinning around trying to get the other arm in when he happened to catch sight of something. A tabloid was half-hidden under the file he had just thrown onto the desk and somehow, the face on the front cover seemed familiar. He stopped what he was doing and moved over to his desk. If his exhaustion was not deceiving him, he thought he had seen the name \"Penelope\" on the front cover. It was not her face that was pictured beside the name, however. As a matter of fact, it wasn't a woman's face at all. Picking it up, Lemon immediately recognized the blank stare of the dim-witted fellow on the cover—Edward. The picture displayed Edward kneeling with a ring in his hand. The blue blood heir had a stupid expression on his face and the huge, bold letters that accompanied it read, \"Handsome socialite Edward still wants to marry Penelope but…will she accept?\" In a small inset was a picture of Penelope, now with a not-so-piggish nose and actually looking quite radiant. (Of course, the picture cut out the smiling man standing with her…). Agh, Lemon thought. Didn't that boy know when to give up? And besides, wasn't Penelope with Johnny? Of course, the last time he saw them, Johnny (formerly mistaken to be the blue blood Maxwell Campion) was pushing Penelope on a swing in the park. Lemon had been waiting for a moment like this—a chance to capture Penelope with her new lover and then write up some juicy story about it for the front page. He had chosen the perfect spot and even had the camera ready. Now all he needed was to snap a few pictures of them together and then…something inside him made him stop. As he sat there in the rowboat and watched the happy couple, something deep inside made him lower his camera and not take pictures. Instead, after gazing at them for a moment longer, he rowed to shore, got out of the boat, and went straight to his boss to quit his job. This was not for him. This shouldn't be what he was doing. Johnny was right. He should have just left her alone. Now that he had quit his job and finally found a new one, she would be left alone. Well, by him at least. He couldn't make all of the other tabloid workers quit their job too. Sad, he thought, chuckling ironically. Sometimes, those tabloid writers were so wrapped up into writing about other people's lives that they forget to live their own. Fortunately, he had come to that realization a long time ago and quit. Now he had a new job and while it didn't pay too well, it was better than what he used to do. He smiled upon this reflection and realized that he had Penelope to thank for it. Hmmm… he thought again. Maybe it's time I came for a visit. I can see how she's doing and maybe even find out see what this Edward-is-proposing business is all about.[Chapter 2] Penelope Chapter Two Chapter Two—Johnny Johnny closed the door and placed the few groceries on the table, sighing wearily. It had been days since he had seen his Penelope and the apartment was beginning to look insufferably bare without her. Penelope had left on a field trip with her kids almost a week ago and they wouldn't be returning until tomorrow. One more night without her , he thought, feeling lonesome as he began to put things away. But then he brightened when he remembered that she would be back soon and then they could spend time together. Once he had everything stored away, he began to clean up the apartment. Want this to look the very best when she comes back , he thought. While he wasn't the best at cleaning, he had enough experience from his job at the club to know how to sweep and dust. Sadly, Johnny was also easily distracted and he had only cleaned half of the room before he felt like \"taking a break\" to play on the piano. Sitting at the bench, he bent his head over the piano and his fingers flounced somewhat clumsily over the keys as he tried desperately to remember the chords that Penelope had taught him. If only she were here , he thought again, remembering the feel of her fingers on his. It was like the first time they had played together, a long time ago when she was still locked up in her house and he was posing as a suitor to earn gambling money. He shuddered inwardly at those times when he was still caught in that vicious cycle of getting money and then gambling it away every night. Never would he have thought that a girl he was trying to scam would end up changing his life—or his heart, for that matter. Snapping himself out of the flashback, he closed his eyes in concentration and imagined that Penelope was with him. He imagined that she was standing over him, her small figure shadowing his back, and her fingers leading his as she spoke each chord aloud. After a moment, his hands began to move on the keys and coherent (although halting) music began to sound from them. He then opened his eyes and continued playing in this way until he hit a sour note and gave an audible noise of disappointment. This was where she had last left him. He returned to that thought. This was literally where she had last left him. The first time they met was at a piano, and the last time he saw her was when she was tutoring him on how to play before she gave him one last embrace and rushed to the waiting car outside. Then she was whisked away for a four-hour car ride with sixteen little kids. They were going to the next city to attend a science fair and to watch the cherry blossoms grow. Penelope would love that , he thought. She loved plants so much and she adored teaching her kids so even though it pained him to let her go for a week, he kept up a brave front and told her to go ahead. She'll be back soon , he thought comfortingly. Then he took a look around the half-cleaned room. She'll be back soon! he thought, turning frantic. With newfound vigor and determination, he quickly closed the piano lid, got up from the bench, and continued his cleaning. If he didn't finish, he thought, scrubbing away at the table top, she would call him the pig.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 Edward stood on tiptoe, angling his face this way and that, trying to get the best view of himself in the mirror. His fingers fumbled at his tie; somehow, he was able to muddle the perfect arrangement his tailor had made of it. Apparently, twisting it this way and that was not helping, but then again, that was Edward's way of adjusting things. \"Servants, you can't do anything right, can you?\" The tailor who stood behind him just rolled his eyes and looked at the ceiling, but otherwise kept silent. \"I saw that,\" Edward said, smirking in the mirror. \"Ahem,\" the tailor coughed, to cover up his mistake. Luckily, another man interrupted then. \"Your car is ready, sir,\" the butler said, bowing. He straightened up. \"And might I add, sir, you look absolutely dash—\" \"Yes, yes,\" interrupted Edward. \"I'm handsome and all that. I know.\" He preened himself one last time in the mirror. Leaning in, he ran his tongue over his teeth and then pulled himself up to his full height, his arm crossing his puffed-out chest. \"I'm a handsome creature, I know,\" he said again, in tones of self-infatuated glee. The tailor rolled his eyes again, this time taking care to turn away before he did. \"Well, off to see the girl I'm going to marry,\" he said, hopping off of his platform, straightening his sleeves, and strolling towards the door. Before he left, he turned around and addressed the tailor. \"You do know that your pay is now deducted for showing such disrespect for me. Humph, rolling your eyes at me, indeed. Me, of all people…\" This time the tailor was stunned into silence, but this expression soon broke into a smile as he caught the eye of the butler and saw him rolling his eyes instead. \"Monty!\" shouted Edward from outside, \"I'm waiting.\" Good luck, the tailor mouthed. The butler pointed discreetly towards Edward and drew a finger across his own neck in a cut-throat gesture. The tailor looked on sympathetically. Whoever Edward was proposing to, they both felt nothing but pity for her. *** By the time Monty came outside, he found Edward conversing with his father, Mr. Vanderman. \"Now remember your promise, Father. If I marry the only heir to the Wilhern fortune, you hand over my share of the company as soon as possible.\" \"Yes, yes,\" said Mr. Vanderman wearily. He was already tiring of his son, but knew that this was the only way to make him do something with his life. The Wilherns, he had found out, were wealthy beyond his dreams. After all of the bad publicity they had gone through because of his son, they had lost a lot of money and he figured that this was the only way to save the company's image. As a motivator for marrying Penelope, Mr. Vanderman had promised Edward a share of the company (not to mention to save himself the headache of listening to Edward whine about why he was so unfairly mistreated all the time). Being connected to the Wilherns' vast fortune, of course, didn't hurt either. \"Off you go then,\" said Mr. Vanderman before Edward could say anything further. He hoped that Edward would soon find the girl and marry her before he thought of any more ways to ruin the family name. \"All right,\" said Edward, sounding excited and a bit starry-eyed as he climbed into the limousine. One could almost see that the schemes he was planning once he got the company share. Not that much thought left for more important things. Like where to find Penelope. *** \"What do you mean you don't know where she is?!\" asked Edward, face twisted and flustered, his voice ringing out in shock. \"Well that's just it,\" said Franklin Wilhern. \"As soon as she broke the curse, she decided to leave home and make it on her own.\" \"And that's it? She never calls? She never writes? No number? No address? No...no...nothing?!\" Mr. Wilhern shook his head. \"She comes for a visit every once in a while, but that's all we ever see of her.\" Penelope's mother, who was sitting beside her husband on the lush couch, bawled in silent tears. Trembling, she picked up a pad of paper in front of her and wrote a few words to Edward. He read, \"She should have married you anyway. Then we could know that our baby was taken care of and safe with you. Instead, she's out there all alone in the world facing God knows what.\" \"Thank you,\" said Edward, flattered. Then his face soured. \"That still doesn't tell me where she is though.\" Mr. Wilhern was comforting his exasperating wife. \"She has friends, Jessica. She's not facing the world alone.\" An idea dawned on Edward, which made him slightly giddy since ideas didn't dawn on him that often. \"Her friends!\" Mr. and Mrs. Wilhern looked up at him, bewildered. Edward was almost jumping up and down. \"Her friends. Surely you must know some of them. Maybe they could tell me where she is.\" \"Sadly, we don't have any information on how to contact her friends either. There was a blonde one…Annie, I think, but we only met her at the wedding. Never found out much about her,\" Mr. Wilhern said. His wife shook her head disapprovingly. No woman should dress like that and drive around on those horrid motorbikes , she thought disdainfully. Then an idea occurred to her. A delicious idea. This one definitely would not fail. \"I know one,\" she mouthed, then remembered that she couldn't speak. She quickly scribbled it down. \"Er, I don't understand,\" said Edward when he had read it. \"Did you want some lemon with your tea? Because I'm not the butler you know.\" Mr. Wilhern took the pad from Edward and then looked up at him after reading it. \"Lemon,\" he said simply. \"Yes, I can read,\" Edward said, a little indignantly. \" Lemon,\" the other man repeated. Then it dawned on him. Edward's face broke into the grin of an idiot who understood a joke long after everyone else had already finished laughing. Mrs. Wilhern clapped her hands and pointed encouragingly at the pad. Mr. Wilhern only shook his head. Would his only daughter really be better off with this dimwit? He looked up, meaning to say something, but Edward had already gone.[Chapter 4] Penelope Chapter 4 Author's Note—This chapter has been written, discarded, and rewritten three times, just so I could get the characterization right and the plot working. It originally was not meant to be this long, but as I kept writing, more and more words kept flowing out from underneath my typing fingers and…this very long chapter is the final result. I hope you enjoy anyway! \"Miss Wilhern! Reggie's poking me again!\" Penelope gave a small smile and then walked down the aisle towards the back of the bus. She extended a hand towards the little girl sitting in the back. \"Since Reggie can't seem to leave you alone, why don't you sit with me?\" The girl deliberated for a moment and then took Penelope's hand. Together, they turned and walked up the aisle towards the front. She stuck her tongue out to the boy behind her. He returned the gesture, but then slumped down in his seat as soon as she turned away. Penelope caught that. She whispered into the girl's ear. \"You know, I bet Reggie's wishing he hadn't bothered you now.\" \"Why?\" the girl whispered back. \"Because now he has to sit back there all by himself.\" \"Well…he deserves it!\" the girl announced. Penelope laughed. \"Maybe he does. It might teach him to be nicer to you now. Besides, if he ever annoys you again, then I'll just threaten to take away the only person willing to sit with him on the bus,\" Penelope finished, winking at her; the girl grinned. They took their seat and the bus drove on peacefully. Penelope leaned her head against the window, her long chocolate curls flattening against the pane. She smiled a little to herself as her thoughts drifted… The science convention had ended a day early and they were now heading back. Her kids seemed to really enjoy it, even if it was only because of the fact that they had almost a week off from schoolwork. Penelope had enjoyed the greenhouse especially, where they housed the most exotic and fascinating plants she had ever seen. Her kids were not surprised when she could answer every question they had about plant life. They especially seemed to enjoy it when the other passersby stopped to listen to Penelope's impromptu lectures. One woman even turned to her husband and said, \"Why don't we have a guide like one?\" Alice, the girl who was now sitting next to Penelope on the bus, had heard them and said, \"That's not a tour guide,\" she giggled. \"That's our teacher.\" The woman looked impressed. \"She sure seems to know a lot about plants.\" \"Oh not just plants,\" Alice had said. \"She knows a lot about everything.\" She had said this even though she was not sure if it was true. Still, she wanted the couple to believe that she had a teacher who knew everything. \"Alice, sweetie, don't slouch like that. You'll end up ruining your posture.\" Alice grumbled, but complied. Then again , Alice thought. Teachers couldn't help but be teachers. After a while, Alice took out her scrapbook of leaf-prints and began rifling through it to pass the time. All of the students had made scrapbooks of their favorite things at the convention and Alice's favorite was the many trees they had there. She had been allowed to take leaf-prints of some of them. Penelope, seeing the leaf-prints, had a sudden flashback of the park back home. The first time she went there, she had sat alone on a bench in her lengthy purple coat with her favorite scarf wrapped around her face. She had been there many times since then, and the first time she ever went with Johnny was shortly after Halloween. It was well into autumn and the weather was blustery. Johnny had showed her the tree he had made his favorite spot, the place where he would come often to sit and contemplate. They had stood, hand in hand, underneath the tree and counted the stars as they came out that night, each one winking into view like someone was lighting candles in the sky. The wind had buffeted them back and forth that day, but they didn't care; they were having too much fun. Then, one particularly sturdy gust had blasted towards them and sent the remaining leaves of the tree into an explosion, ripping them off the branches and flinging them into a spiral dance. Penelope and Johnny had held onto the tree and to each other to keep from falling, but they wound up on the ground anyway, their laughter piercing through the indignant roar of the wind. Penelope had been taken aback by the unexpectedness of it all and she never forgot the look in Johnny's eyes as he scrambled to help her up. He had slipped on the leaves, however, and had come tumbling down next to her, the wind making his coat billow ridiculously. He caught his hat just as it was flying off his head and Penelope blushed to see how handsome he looked with wind-tossed hair. They burst into more laughter. When they had finally caught their breath, Johnny said, \"Well, if Nature intends to keep us down, then we might as well stay there.\" He rolled over onto his back and, with one hand held firmly to his hat, his other hand found hers. They lied that way for rest of the evening, in silent contemplation of the stars and in love with each other. Penelope suddenly frowned. She had only been away from Johnny for less than a week, but the memory was almost enough to break her heart. \"Miss Wilhern?\" Alice's voice broke her reverie. \"Why do you look so sad?\" Penelope quickly straightened up and smiled. \"What makes you think I look sad?\" \"I can see it in your smile. It's not really a happy one.\" Penelope had to admit that Alice was wise for such a young girl. \"You're right, Alice. I am a little sad.\" \"But why ?\" Alice persisted. \"I…I miss someone.\" \"Is it your mother?\" she asked. \"Because I miss my mother terribly.\" \"Aw, Alice,\" Penelope said, wrapping her arms around the young girl. \"I'm sure she misses you, too. You'll get to see her soon though,\" Penelope reminded her. Alice nodded, cheering up slightly. \"So do you?\" she asked again. \"Do I what?\" Alice giggled. \"Do you miss your mom?\" Penelope thought a moment. Now that her mother couldn't speak, she was definitely more pleasant to be around. The few times she had visited her family since she'd move out were indeed more fun. In a way, she did miss her mother. The woman did care. Just…not in the best motherly way. \"I do miss my mom,\" Penelope said finally. \"But I miss someone else, too.\" \"Is it…that lady who drives the motorbike?\" \"Annie?\" \"Yeah,\" said Alice. Her eyes suddenly brightened. \"I know! It's your boyfriend, isn't it?\" Penelope laughed. This girl never gave up. She nodded her head and Alice burst into more giggles. \"I knew it! Are you going to… marry him ?\" \"Maybe.\" Penelope said. \"If he asks.\" Penelope was spared any more questions because the bus lurched to a stop then. Alice wriggled off of the seat and Penelope followed. While Alice took up station as the first one in line, Penelope turned and called out to her students, coaxing them into neat lines. When everyone was off of the bus and filed back into the school, Penelope did one last head count only to find Alice missing. Then she felt a gentle tug on her sleeve. The little girl beckoned to Penelope and then whispered something in her ear. \"I hope you do marry him. It'd be so romantic!\" *** Penelope found Annie waiting for her after school. Just as planned, Penelope thought. She had phoned Annie yesterday to tell her about coming home a day early. Annie was going to pick her up and drop her off at Johnny's rehearsal to surprise him. Her best friend was now leaning nonchalantly against her Vespa, an extra helmet tucked under one arm. \"Thanks for coming to get me,\" said Penelope. \"Pleasure's all mine, hun,\" Annie smiled, handing her the helmet. As soon as they were settled, Annie meandered around some cars and took off down a side street. \"You didn't get in trouble for taking the day off, did you?\" Penelope suddenly asked, anxious. \"Nah. I've been training the new girl and she wanted to do the deliveries today so I let her. I could use a day off anyway and seeing you made it even better.\" Penelope smiled behind Annie's back. Even though she had other friends now, she never took for granted the unbelievably wonderful feeling that came with being a friend of Annie's.[Chapter 5] Penelope Chapter 4 \"What are you doingnhere?\" asked Lemon, eyes blazing. \"Didn't you hear?nI've come to propose to Penelope.\" Lemon laughed. \"Inncase you haven't noticed, Penelope doesn't live at a newspapernprinting press.\" \"Yes, I know that!\"nsaid Edward, flustered. \"I wanted to find you actually.\" \"For what? How didnyou find me anyway?\" \"Larry told me. Hensaid that you had left your job and taken up post here.\" Lemon and Edward bothngrimaced; neither of them had liked Larry much. Edward had to promisenLarry the story of his wedding to Penelope to find Lemon. Internally, Lemonnground his teeth. He had just left work and was on his way to findnPenelope himself, but ran into Edward instead. The reporter thought anmoment. Maybe I can find out straight from the horse's mouth. \"And just why do you want to marry Penelope?\" Lemon began,ndigging his hands into his pockets and speaking casually. \"My father'snpromised me a share of the company if I do,\" said Edward excitedly.nLemon waited. When Edward said nothing further: \"That's it?\" Edward looked takennaback. \"What do you meann'that's it'? Do you understand what this means? My fathernfinally respects me! At long last, he's going to give me what Indeserve and rightfully own. It's long overdue, if anything. Do younknow how I've been treated all my life? Well…now that you mentionnit, I should have asked for more than just a share of the company. Mynown estate perhaps. Maybe a manor somewhere…\" Edward's voicentrailed off, the starry-eyed look sparkling in his eyes. Lemonnrolled his eyes. Edward thought that people were doing that a lotnlately. \"I meant, is thatnthe only reason you're marrying her?\" \"Of course it is.nWho would marry her otherwise? I mean, of course her family is richnand she's a blue-blood, but that hideous face.\" Henshuddered. \"I heard that she's broken the curse, however. Youncannot imagine my relief when I heard that she was normal now.nOtherwise, I don't know how I would ever be able to go through it ansecond time…Anyway, that's why I needed you. I can't find her,nyou see, and it's very important I marry her as soon as possible.\" Lemon's eyesnflashed. He was appalled! But then again…this IS EdwardnVanderman we're talking about, he thought. An idea suddenlyncame to him. He beckoned Edward closer. \"Okay, you wanna know wherenshe lives?\" Edward nodded. Lemon pretended tonlook around, as if to check to see if anyone was listening. Henwhispered an address to Edward. \"But keep it tonyourself,\" Lemon said, winking. \"Don't want anyone else gettingnto her before you do.\" \"Oh, I won't,\"nsaid Edward, rushing away excitedly. Lemon pretended tondust off his hands and smiled to himself. Then, turning, he took offnin the other direction. A little misdirection should have himnrunning in circles for a good long while…[Chapter 6] Penelope Chapter 6 Edward grumbled as he tugged his tie this way and that in irritation. He was finally standing in front of the right door. That wrong address Lemon had given him was only another delay in his way to the top. Luckily, he ran into that delivery girl. After waiting in front of some upscale luxury apartment for a while, Edward had wandered off to check if there was some mistake in the address. He was about to ask another tenant if this was the address of Penelope Wilhern when he collided into a girl delivering an armful of packages. The accident had landed him on the ground amidst all of the square boxes wrapped in brown paper and one of them had caught his eye. It bore the name \"Penelope Wilhern\" on it, but listed a different address. Huh , Edward thought slowly. Lemon must not have known that Penelope had moved. The delivery girl had gotten up then and started up with \" Hey, why don't you watch where you're--\" but Edward interrupted her as he shoved the package back into the girl's hands and hurried on his way. Now he was standing in front of an apartment that bore a worn yet cozy look to it. Little did he know that Lemon himself had knocked on the same door just half an hour before. Not finding Johnny there, Lemon had left to look elsewhere. Edward looked around at the walls painted with warm, earth colors and crinkled his nose in distaste. Why would Penelope be living in this dump? Oh well…every pig needs their sty, he thought as he knocked. *** Johnny had entered the apartment not two minutes ago and was about to continue working on his song for Penelope. He had barely laid his fingers on the keys, however, before knocking interrupted him. The musician gave a sigh, reluctant to get up from the piano bench. Finally, closing the piano lid, he got up and walked to the door, mentally listing all of the people who might be visiting right now. Couldn't be his landlord, he had paid rent on time this month (Penelope had seen to that) and Annie was busy today, right? Maybe Lemon…By then, Johnny had reached the door and as it swung open, a truly unexpected face came into view. The two men faced each other and gaped as they thought in unison: What is he doing here?! Johnny's brow wrinkled in confusion while Edward continued to stare blankly. It was a few moments before either were able to say anything. Finally, Johnny muttered, \"Of all people to interrupt me…\" \"Max???\" Edward said, his voice sounding strange as it emitted from the little \"O\" that his mouth had become. \"My real name's Johnny.\" \"But you're…Max Campion,\" Edward said blankly, his shock making him forget why he was here in the first place. \"I told you that you had the wrong guy and then--\" Johnny stopped. Edward's continuing blank stare made Johnny think that no amount of explanation was going to get through to him. The former gambler decided that it was just easier to pretend he was Max Campion again. Besides, he didn't really feel like conversing with Edward any more than was necessary. \"What do you want anyway?\" \"I…what I want?\" Edward's brow furrowed as he tried to collect his thoughts. He was sure he was here for something important. \"Why are you here, in other words?\" Johnny prompted. \"Need another blue blood stand-in?\" \"No…\" said Edward slowly. Suddenly, it came back to him. \"I want to marry Penelope!\" he said proudly, like he was a six-year-old who had managed to remember something difficult. Johnny immediately grew rigid and anger involuntarily jumped into his throat. \"WHAT?\" he said in a harsh, low voice. No one was going to take HIS Penelope, least of all, the idiot Vanderman heir. \"I've come to propose to her, see, and when she marries me, I'll have…hey--\" he thought abruptly. \"Why are you here? I thought this was Penelope's address.\" \"Penelope lives with me.\" \"Then where is she? Wait, did I just hear that Penelope lives with you?\" \"Yes,\" said Johnny, his voice getting even dangerously lower. \"She's been away on a field trip with her students.\" That last fact barely registered in Edward's mind. He sputtered, \"She lives with you? Why should she be living with you? In this…this dump, no less.\" \"Penelope seems to like it just fine.\" \"Are you mental? This whole place reeks of dilapidation. And you—\" Edward suddenly had a gleam in his eyes. \"Ah, I see the situation now. I know you've always had a soft spot for Penelope, what with your defending her and all. Well, I see that she's forgotten about the finer tastes in life. Probably ended up with you because you're the only one who would stoop low enough to take a pig-faced girl.\" Johnny trembled in silent fury, his wrath barely contained. It was all he could do to not lunge at Edward. Edward, however, only leaned in closer, almost mocking Johnny's vehemence. \"But you see, mate, here is the difference between you and me. You can only give her this…this wreck of a humble home, I suppose you would call it. I can give her a house. A mansion even. She's probably settled for you for now, but who's to say that she won't leave you when someone better comes along? Someone like…me perhaps? Penelope is a blue-blood, after all, and they belong with their own kind.\" The musician's face suddenly went white. Edward knew that he was close to victory. Even though he wasn't always the brightest bulb, he had a sixth sense of when he was close to getting what he wanted. \"And you really think you deserved her?\" he said, moving in for kill. \"Penelope, one of the Wilherns? You really think that she will like living with this lifestyle forever?\" Edward gave a mirthless laugh. \"I think not.\" He pulled a thoughtful face. \"Penelope was close to marrying me before, you know. Twice. She only refused because she didn't want me to live with a cursed girl. But, don't worry, she's acceptable-looking now. And I can take her off your hands easily.\" Johnny struggled for words as his insides turned to turmoil. His heart suddenly raced as his mind made up a million possibilities. Could this be true? Was Penelope only happy with him for…for right now? What if she secretly wanted more? Johnny almost shook his head. She shouldn't just want more, she deserved more. More than he was providing for her, anyway. More than he could ever provide for her. \"Get. Out,\" he finally said, wrenching the words from a throat that was now numb with horror instead of raging with anger. \"But what about Penelope? I still need to propose to her. If you would just—\" \"She's not coming back until tomorrow,\" Johnny said mechanically. \"Now...GET OUT.\" Johnny's mind had turned senseless, unthinking. It was reminiscent of former times when he was still caught in the ensnaring addiction of the gamblers' table. He felt like he was back there, his mind numb, unable to do anything but move forward, gamble more. Then, like now, there was a voice inside him, a tiny voice, that said that he was wrong. In the old days, it had told him that he was wrong to bet more and keep gambling. Now, it said that he was wrong to doubt Penelope's love for him. But, old habits resurfacing, Johnny ignored the voice. Edward's words had done their damage. And now there was no direction to go but spiraling downward. Not knowing what he was doing, Johnny stumbled forward. Edward stepped back, triumphant. He grinned as he watched as Johnny mechanically grabbed his hat and keys and then stumble out of apartment, barely remembering to lock it behind him. Then the blue blood smiled, half in pity and half in success, as he watched the poor musician stumble off and away. Now Penelope would be all his.[Chapter 7] Penelope Chapter 7 Author's Note: I apologize for the delayed update. Now that I'm back from 4th of July vacation, I will be updating more frequently. Enjoy! \"Where do you think he could be?\" Annie asked, raising her voice a little to be heard over the roar of the streets. \"I don't know!\" Penelope roared back. They had just been to Johnny's rehearsal only to find that he had not showed up. Annie dropped her off in front of the apartment. \"I gotta go check on the new girl. Make sure she's not lost in the mean streets of Midtown. Tell me when you find Johnny.\" \"Will do. Thank you, Annie.\" Penelope waved her friend off before entering the apartment to search for her Johnny. Finding him nowhere, she was about to head off to his familiar haunts when she spied something on the piano stand. \"Sheet music?\" she wondered. After leafing through them, she slipped them into her bag and left. *** \"Drowning your sorrows?\" a voice asked. The scruffy man sitting in a dark corner of the Clover Deli Pub swung his head in the direction of the voice. \"Hey…good to see you,\" he said, slurring a little. \"I was hoping I'd find you here,\" the reporter said, pulling himself up onto a seat. \"Well, not exactly hoping to find you like this, but it's still better than—\" \"The poker table?\" Johnny interjected. \"Yeah, well…I just chose the lesser of the two evils,\" he traced a finger around the rim of his beer mug. \"You want to tell me what happened?\" Johnny drained the rest of his mug and plopped it down with a thud before answering, \"No.\" \"Okay. I respect that.\" Lemon settled himself down more comfortably and ordered a beer on tap for himself. Requesting a straw, he plunged it into the foamy liquid and sipped. Noisily. He sipped the entire mug in one go and then kept sipping, making an insipid draining noise. While he was doing this, he made a big show of not looking at Johnny. \"All right! All right!\" the poor guy said at last. \"It's Edward.\" \"Edward?\" Lemon questioned, feigning surprise. \"Yeah. He…paid me a visit.\" \"Now why would he do that? You don't owe him money or something, do you?\" Johnny shot him a look. Lemon held up his hands. \"Okay, okay, no wisecracks, I promise. Now go on.\" So his companion spilled the beans about what Edward had said to him mere hours ago that had (figuratively) sundered him inside. \"What's that got to do with this?\" Lemon asked, gesturing at the beer mug. \"Well, I thought I would…what's the word you used? 'Drown my sorrows' tonight before I get up the nerve to tell the woman that I love about how she deserves better than me and then leave her life forever.\" Lemon didn't immediately raise his voice in objection to this. Instead, he looked thoughtful. Then, \"Now tell me again, what makes you think you don't deserve Penelope?\" Johnny straightened up and looked serious. Counting off on his fingers, he said, \"Well, first of all, I'm not rich. I'm, uh, definitely not going to be rich anytime soon. Secondly, I don't have any connections. Thirdly, living with me means that she has to work too hard. We're not destitute but she holds her job as a teacher and at the flower shop to make ends meet just so I can concentrate on my music. And who knows if that's ever to going to take off? Oh, and contrary to popular belief, I really AM NOT a blue blood. Never have been, never will be.\" \"And you think that being with Edward is really better than all of this?\" \"No, I think he's an idiot, but he had one good point: Penelope deserves better than just the bare minimal. I don't like the thought of her being with him either, but he can provide better for her. Or maybe through him, she can meet someone. If I can't give her a better life, then at least I can free up her to find someone who can.\" To his enormous surprise, Lemon laughed when he heard this. \"Johnny, Johnny, Johnny…aw, whatever am I going to do with you?\" he said, patting the aforementioned guy on the back with a hearty thump. Johnny turned to him, temper flaring just slightly. \"Hey,\" he growled. \"If you're not here to help or to listen, then I suggest you go mock some other—\" \"That's not what I meant,\" Lemon cut him off. \"Listen. I ran into Edward today, too and do you want to know the real reason he's marrying her?\" The reporter proceeded to tell of his encounter with the blue-blood heir, finally finishing with, \"And I thought his motives were less than honorable so I gave him a wrong address. Of course, I didn't think he'd figure it out that quickly. Now I'm not saying that all rich people are clone copies of Edward, but think of it this way: what if Penelope didn't want all that? What if all she wanted was you?\" \"But how will I know that she's not really wishing for more? More that I can't give her?\" \"Johnny, I know this girl and trust me, she does not want anything but you. Not to sound creepy, but I've been keeping tabs on this girl since she was born and you wouldn't believe the things she's been through. We're talking about a girl who grew up with everything: wealth, connections, all that money could buy, but she was locked up her whole life. Her freedom and you…are all she needs.\" \"You really think so?\" \"Well, if you still doubt it, then answer me this: In all the time you two have been together, has she ever once complained?\" Johnny thought long and hard. Finally, he had to concede that she hadn't. \"Well, except for forgetting to water her plants,\" he admitted jokingly. \"But she's never complained about her two jobs or your work with music?\" The scruffy musician shook his head. \"Has she ever given any signs that she's losing interest in you or that she would rather be with someone else?\" Johnny noticeably brightened up at this and confidently affirmed in the negative. \"See?\" said Lemon with a twinkle in his eye. Johnny nodded. The barman came by then and set down two new mugs of beer in front of them. \"On the house,\" he said, half-smiling. Apparently, Johnny hadn't been the only one listening. \"And if you're still not sure, then I suggest you talk to Penelope herself,\" Lemon said as he picked up his mug. \"Get it straight from her whether she would want the life you give her or something else.\" He said, wiping away foam from his mustache. Johnny thought about this and abruptly, his head seemed to clear. Why didn't he talk to her about all this? Wouldn't that have been the most logical course of action? Soon after he realized this, Johnny made a mental note to come to Lemon more often for advice. I knew it, a small voice in his head said triumphantly. I knew he would come around. \"How come you're so good at this?\" Johnny asked suddenly. \"I used to be a tabloid reporter, remember? Prying into people's lives was what I was all about.\" \"No, I mean the advice giving.\" \"Oh, that. I just happened to pay attention and learned a lot along the way. Let me tell you something, celebrities and socialites may put on smiles for the camera, but you wouldn't believe how much conflict and self-doubt they have in their private lives.\" \"So—\" But Johnny's next query was cut off by a bickering couple that had just entered the pub. Their screaming and shouting match had turned heads on the street outside and then the hubbub was brought into the bar, almost shattering its relaxed atmosphere. Man, I'm glad Penelope and I don't fight like that. Johnny thought. He looked closer and, with a start, he suddenly realized who the two people were…[Chapter 8] Penelope Chapter 8 \"NO! How many times do I have to say it?!\" the young woman shouted at her pursuer. She knew she shouldn't have used the shortcut. Passing through the part of town where the rich people lived never failed to land her in some mess. Edward, who had recognized Penelope on his way home, ordered the limousine to follow her. When she had turned into a part of town that the limousine couldn't follow, he had climbed out and followed her on foot. By now, he had been chasing her for nine blocks, proposing to her whenever he could get within earshot. To Penelope's surprise and utter annoyance, of course. \"But, Penelope, darling…\" \"Don't 'darling' me! Get away from me!\" Ignoring this: \"Darling, I could give you so much more than that…that—\" Was he referring to Johnny?! Far was she from letting Edward call her man something she knew he was going to regret. \"Watch it,\" she warned. By this time, she had stepped into the Clover Deli Pub, the last place she hadn't looked. Looking all over town for Johnny while trying to shake off the persistent suitor was wearing down on her nerves. Edward's next words did not help either. \"What? Why should you stick up for him? He's nothing compared to me. If you would just marry—\" Something inside Penelope snapped. Rounding on him, she advanced, her fists shaking at her side. When she finally did speak, her voice was a deadly quiet tone.\"Listen and listen well. For…the…absolute… last time, I am NOT interested in marrying you, I am NOT interested in your money, status, connections OR the fact that you're a blueblood. Aside from all that, no man, money or force on Earth is going to tear me away from Johnny! So...just...LEAVE!\" By now, she was almost shouting again, her voice loud and firm and unbending. It was all she could do to make Edward realize that what she just said was absolute, final, and never to be changed, least of all by him. Edward stumbled backward from the force and tone of Penelope's voice, dropping his flowers and tripping out the door. WHAM. \"Ouch!\" said someone behind Edward. The blueblood whirled around. A young woman had dropped what she was holding and cradling her injured foot. Seething through her teeth, she looked up and the color immediately rose in her face as it seeped away from Edward's. It was the same delivery girl he had bumped into earlier. \"YOU,\" she hissed, her eyes narrowing dangerously. Edward cowered and tried to sidestep around her, muttering a hasty apology and then… SQUASH. He looked down. His foot had just landed on one of her fallen packages and the brown paper was now leaking something. Penelope groaned. In spite of everything, she found herself pitying the pathetic Edward and so picked up the other package to hand it to the delivery girl. Only to find her gone. Apparently, Edward had promised to repay her some other time and then beat a hasty retreat out of the pub. Which had led to the delivery girl to run out after him, shouting and swearing at him even worse than Penelope had done (if that was possible). *** Way in the back of the pub, a certain reporter shook his head. Was there anyone the poor boy didn't annoy? Nudging his companion, he gestured for him to go over to Penelope. *** Having finally got rid of the pesky suitor, Penelope breathed a sigh of relief but turned red as she looked around, suddenly self-conscious about all of the eyes that were watching her. The barman came up to her then. \"You okay?\" Penelope closed her eyes and nodded, but still looked irritated and somewhat shaken. Where was Johnny? And why had Edward followed her all through town proposing? This was not how she had expected the day to turn out. \"Come on,\" said the barman kindly, leading her over to a seat at the bar. \"A beer on tap will calm you down.\" Penelope could only nod numbly. Then suddenly remembering, she pulled out some sheet music from her bag and looked up to ask the barman if he had seen Johnny. \"I came back a day early and I've been looking all over for him. See, I even found this. I think it might be the new song he's working on, but it's has so many scratch-outs and revisions. I thought that if I could find him, maybe I could help him with it.\" The barman glanced at it. \"I think I might have seen him,\" he said, filling a mug. He then wheeled it towards her as he continued thoughtfully, \"Yeah…there was a guy in the back who—Penelope, incoming!\" The barman's voice broke Penelope from her thoughts, but sadly, she looked up too late. The glass mug slid right past her and Penelope's eyes grew wide as she waited for it to smash into pieces. Until she saw a hand reach out to stop it. Letting her breath out in slow relief, Penelope turned to thank the stranger when she inhaled sharply. \"You're supposed to catch it,\" said the shadowy but smiling figure. Penelope didn't respond. Instead, she launched herself from her seat onto the tall man and cried 'Johnny' over and over again into his shirt. Finally, she looked up at him and said, \"And what if I don't catch it in time?\" \"Well, that's why you have me, I guess. I'll be there to catch things if they fall.\" \"Even me?\" \"Especially you.\" Johnny stood there and buried his face into her shoulder. He listened to her laughter and felt the embrace of her arms. On an impulse, he hummed his song to her, and all of a sudden, everything fell into place and… the music was complete.[Chapter 9] Chapter 9 Author's Note: All right, I know that not much happens in this chapter, but it would have been too long to cram everything I wanted to write in here so I decided to split it up. I will work hard to make the next chapter worth it, I promise. Where is she? Johnny thought anxiously. He got up from his chair, pulled the blanket around him, and walked over to the window. The rain was falling harder now, and Penelope was nowhere in sight. His stomach filled with dread the longer he watched and a feeling of overwhelming guilt began to creep over him. Why did he let her find out he was sick? He should have just lied to her or kept quiet about it. At least that way, she wouldn't be out in the pouring rain right now, trying to take care of him. This is not how I had planned this day at all… Johnny thought miserably. Earlier that day… Johnny rushed straight home from rehearsal that day and sat down at his piano. He needed to finish this song. He only had 24 hours left until the special day he had been planning and this was his gift to her. Flexing his hands, he placed his fingers over the keys and played through the song a few more times. Yes! It finally sounded right, just the way it was playing in his head. Johnny exhaled and relaxed his shoulders, satisfied that things were coming together. Only a few more things to arrange, he thought… The flowers! he abruptly remembered. Taking care to hide the sheet music and accompanying lyrics, Johny left the apartment again. Unfortunately he was in too much of a hurry to notice the ominous, black storm clouds looming in the distance and coming closer and closer, bearing down on the sky. After school that day, Penelope stopped by her second job to tend to the flowers and then to check on the status of something she was having delivered to their apartment. Yep , she thought happily. It should be here right on time . Penelope then arrived home to find the apartment completely decked out. She was dripping and utterly soaked from the downpour that had finally erupted, but the way the apartment looked soon displaced every other thought from her mind. All of the lights were off, but the dark only made it more romantic. Though out of season, Christmas tree lights were hung everywhere, glowing and blinking through the dimness. Fake flowers of every color were wound around every doorpost and window. The apartment had been cleaned and tidied and every surface had been cleared off only to be replaced with vases and bowls of yellow tulips. Penelope gaped in awe. Turning around and around, she giggled and soaked in all of the color and light. It reminded her of the way she had seen the park for the first time. Well, minus the outdoors, kids, bubbles, and carousel. But still, it looked wondrous to an eye that never could get enough. Soon, she stopped gawking at everything in order to look for whoever was responsible for all of this. \"Johnny?\" Penelope whispered, not knowing why it seemed necessary to keep quiet. Her smile only broadened when there was no answer. Maybe he was hiding? Waiting to surprise her? Or maybe he hadn't come home yet? She retraced her way around the apartment and finally a voice alerted her. \"Penelope?\" The young woman turned, ready to be surprised only to have a tragic sight meet her eyes. She hadn't noticed before but there was a figure spread onto the couch, draped over it in a way that signified exhaustion, like he had collapsed there. \"Johnny!\" Penelope exclaimed, kneeling down in front of him. She stroked his hair, brushing it away from his forehead and felt it drenched with sweat. \"What happened?\" she asked gently, pressing the back of her hand against the side of his face. It felt like icy heat was radiating off of it. \"I…nothing,\" Johnny said, trying to turn away. He attempted to get up but only managed a sitting position. His head lolled onto the back of the couch, heat burning in his face. It was too uncomfortable to sit like this and before long, Johnny found himself sinking. Two arms caught him and gently lowered him onto the headrest. Taking his head in her hands, Penelope studied him for a moment. \"You have a fever.\" It wasn't a question, and Johnny tried shaking his head, but the movement only made his vision swim in wavy lines. Vainly, he tried again to get up or at least reach out for something, but Penelope wove her fingers through his hands and gently forced him to lie down again. \"I'm not sure how you got this way…\" she glanced up at the pouring rain. \"I'm assuming you were out in that rain too long?\" Johnny wanted to nod his head, but moving it at all was out of the question at this point. Penelope said nothing further. She stood up and immediately began to bustle around the kitchen, boiling water, fetching blankets, and making tea. Then she checked the thermostat and rummaged through the medicine cabinet. She finally sat back and frowned. \"We don't have any more medicine,\" she said, walking back to Johnny. \"Not for a fever anyway. I'm going to run out to the pharmacy, okay? Be back soon. Try to finish your tea.\" \"No, Penelope, please. You really don't have to…\" He said weakly, trying to rise again. She smiled and kissed his forehead. \"I'll be fine, I promise.\" *** Now it was hours later and she still hadn't returned. Just as Johnny was about to go crazy with panic (on top of being sick), the door open and shut. \"I'm home,\" Penelope said cheerily. \"What took so lo—?\" Johnny's voice gave out suddenly. He tried clearing his throat and got a violent bout of coughing in return. \"I ran into Annie on the way.\" Penelope said, immediately pouring him a glass of water. He drank it down gratefully. \"I have some news to tell you, but first, let's have a go at the medicine.\" She carefully measured out a tablespoon of vile-looking liquid and handed it to him. Grimacing, Johnny swallowed it down. \"Ack!\" he spat, almost regurgitating the medicine. Penelope quickly handed him the glass of water and he downed it in a hurry, followed by the rest of the now-cold tea as well. \"That's some—\" Johnny pounded his chest. \"rough stuff, \" he finished, his voice was too weary to go further. Penelope waited for him to settle down. \"I guess I'll have to tell you the news later,\" she said, picking up the empty glass and mug. \"You should get some sleep now.\" She was about to head to the kitchen when his voice stopped her. \"Penelope, I…\" he had to speak in whispers now. \"I didn't mean for today to turn out like this…\" The phone sounded from the kitchen. \"I'll be right back,\" Penelope said, kissing Johnny's forehead again before going to answer it. \"Ms. Penelope Wilhern?\" asked a voice on the other line. \"Yes?\" \"I regret to say that we can't deliver to your apartment today. The storm already delayed us and it only seems to be getting worse. Would it be possible to deliver to your place tomorrow?\" Penelope looked disappointed for a second, but it reminded her too much of how her mother would act so she shook it off. She had expected her gift for Johnny to arrive in time, but the weather DID look bad, so... \"Of course,\" she said sympathetically. \"I was just outside in that rain so I understand.\" The man breathed a sigh of relief. \"Thank you, ,\" he said before hanging up. Penelope looked over at Johnny to see if he had been watching her, and she couldn't help but smile to see he had fallen asleep.[Chapter 10] Penelope Chapter 10 Author's Note: Yes, this last chappie is long. Very long. Long enough to bore you stiff. So go ahead and complain. No? Oh, okay, well, enjoy the story! Johnny awoke at a thunder crash. Lifting his head, he saw that Penelope had awoken too, practically jumping out of her seat from the looks of it. \"Penelope.\" She turned to him, rustling a newspaper crumpled in her lap. \"How are you?\" they both said at the same time. Penelope grinned. \"I know I'm doing all right. How about you?\" she asked, rising and coming over to sit by him. \"I'm doing better,\" he stated quietly, his voice still coming in only a whisper. Johnny lifted her hands and curled his fingers over them. They were cold, his hands were hot, but somehow, the two opposites seemed to fit. Fit perfectly, he thought. Johnny tried sitting up again and fortunately, his head complied this time and sent him only a mild throbbing that soon subsided. He then spotted the newspaper at Penelope's feet and remembered something. \"Hey, you said you had news?\" Penelope snapped to attention. \"Oh yes! It had to do with why it took me so long to get back here. I ran into Annie outside the pharmacy. She had been telling me about how she was swamped with work ever since the new delivery girl just upped and quit a week ago.\" \"Quit?\" \"Yes and you're never going believe it, but this might be why,\" she said, collecting the newspaper and holding it up to his face. Johnny's eyes grew as wide as saucers. The enormous, bold headline read \"VANDERMAN HEIR ELOPES WITH MYSTERY GIRL\". Accompanying the words was a picture of Edward trying to evade photographers as he pushed through them with a girl on his arm. The girl was very clearly the delivery girl who worked with Annie. Penelope read the article aloud to him and then launched into a lengthy rant about how she couldn't believe it and how it seemed impossible that a guy like Edward could finally find someone to like him but then how, of course, there's someone out there for everyone. Her voice trailed off as she said that and Johnny saw her give him a tender look. He took her hand again and squeezed it. I love you, he mouthed. In his head, however, he was pretty sure that he wasn't the only guy who wanted to be with her. Despite being reassured of her love for him every day, he still saw the way other men looked at her sometimes and, try as he might, it never failed to make him a little jealous. Penelope lifted his hand to her face and kept it there. She was still anxious about his ill condition but he seemed to be doing better. His skin didn't feel as heated as it did earlier. Johnny suddenly remembered that it was the hand Edward licked so long ago. He laughed softly at this, making sure not to exert himself too much should another round of coughing take over. It had seemed disgusting then but he found it humorous now. When Penelope asked him what was so funny, he retold the story to her, ending with how Lemon had said, \"Edward. Don't LICK Max.\" Penelope laughed. Then her face grew thoughtful for a moment. She picked up the newspaper again and showed Johnny another page. Pictured above a Q & A part of the newspaper was Lemon's picture. Apparently, he had taken up a job as a relationship columnist. Johnny didn't say anything. Much like how Penelope had reacted, he gawked at the pages as the news sunk in. \"Wow,\" he whispered, falling back on the pillows. Who would have thought? Obviously, Lemon becoming a relationship counselor was a good thing, albeit still surprising. Johnny knew from first-hand experience his reporter friend would excel at that. Edward's news though... Johnny remembered how the delivery girl had chased after him shouting the most obscene swear words. Maybe that was the kind of girl Edward needed. Suddenly he couldn't help but laugh out loud at this thought, and it soon became another bad bout of coughing. \"I think it's time for some more medicine,\" Penelope said. Johnny put up a fight this time, but it wasn't long before Penelope forced him to succumb to another swallow of the foul tasting liquid. He was coughing and pounding his chest again when the doorbell rang. Johnny looked toward it curiously while Penelope went to answer it. \"Oh, you're here!\" she said in a surprised tone. \"Yes, Miss. We're here to deliver your piano.\" \"Right this way,\" Penelope said, leading them through the apartment. She glanced out the window and saw that it had stopped raining. The air outside was bright and clean, washed thoroughly by the rain. Piano? thought Johnny. He was not left in the dark for long. Two men came in through the door sideways, heaving a piano between them. Johnny sat up straight immediately. It was a piano he recognized. Old, wooden, and slightly yellowed keys. He stared wide-eyed as the men placed it into the apartment, took away the one already lying there and then asked Penelope for a signature before leaving. \"Happy six months anniversary,\" she said after the men had left. \"Penelope, this is…\" his voice trailed away in shock. \"Your father's piano. Or really, the one he gave you. The one where you first learned to play. I spent months searching for it and then had it repainted and tuned once I found it. Luckily, I found this piano in time for our six months anniversary.\" She glanced at the clock. It was already the morning of the next day. \"Well, almost in time.\" Johnny felt as if he had been hit by lightning. Lemon was right. How could he ever have thought to leave her? How could he have ever thought there was a reason to leave her? He stared open-mouthed and speechless until Penelope laughed and said, \"Do you think you'll be able to play? I don't want you to try if you feel you're not up to it.\" Johnny tried standing up and judged that he was steady. As a matter of fact, other than losing his voice, he felt great. Having decided all this, he walked right up to Penelope, kissed her, and then took her hand before leading her over to the piano. The scruffy musician sat down at the piano he had known so well and not seen in years. He spent a minute in silence, glancing over every detail and trailing his hands over the keys. They felt somewhat different now but he supposed that was to be expected. His fingers fluttered one last time over the piano and then, with a glance to the woman behind him, he began to play everything he could think of: jingles, show tunes, theme music, and just some improvisation. Penelope sat and watched him, the hugest smile on her face. Soon, he pulled her down next to him and beckoned her to play along. They ran through duets together, their fingers nimbly leaping and weaving beside each other. After half an hour, Johnny took her hands into his and whispered: \"I have a gift for you too. This is part of it…\" He replaced his hands over the piano keys, closed his eyes, and counted rhythm in his head before beginning his song for her. Johnny knew that he had written many songs for her before, but this one had a slightly different purpose. Penelope looked at him quizzically while he was playing at first, but then her expression changed as the song went on. It sounded like something he had drawn from the very depths of his soul that he was now pouring out into the notes of the music. She soon saw the look of concentration relax on his face and another expression took over. Johnny left his fingers lingering on the last notes of the song, slowly letting go of the pedal and allowing the music die out peacefully. When he peeked over to see her reaction, he was surprised to see that Penelope was staring at his hands with something that resembled…tears. \"Was it so bad that I bored you to tears?\" he whispered jokingly. But Penelope only hugged him. She leaned into him as he wrapped his arms around her shaking shoulders. They remained in silence for a while. \"Come on,\" he whispered, once her sobs had subsided. \"That was my gift to you, but there's more to it.\" They rose, and Johnny led her back to the couch. He signaled for her to wait a second and then, lifting the lid of the piano bench, Johnny pulled out a sheet of paper that had been kept carefully pristine and smooth. He returned to the couch and said, \"This is a song I wrote you for our six months. You just heard me play the music, but these are the words. I can't sing it to you because my voice's barely functional, but…here it is.\" And with that, he carefully handed her the paper. Curious, Penelope took it with great care, read it, and then said as she looked up, \"Johnny, this is so beautiful and—\" Then she stopped. And she stared. And her jaw dropped. Johnny was kneeling in front of her with a tiny box in his hands. He tapped a finger on the lid and then opened it. \"Is this…is this…?\" but she couldn't bring herself to finish. Johnny just nodded, his heart in his eyes. Penelope tackled him then, almost knocking him over. \"Yes. Of course!\" came her muffled answer. And for the first time in their lives, they laughed and cried at the same time. *** EPILOGUE Johnny's voice got better as the day went along. All the same, he let Penelope be the one to call up everyone they knew in order to tell them the news. By dusk, half of the town knew about it. Annie was thrilled although the only thing she said before she had to rush back to work was, \"Well, it was about time.\" Not so surprisingly, Lemon said the same thing. Penelope's father congratulated her and over the phone, Penelope heard her mother burst into tears. Whether they were tears of joy or despair, no one knew. Night fell and since Johnny didn't feel well enough to go to the park, they continued their ritual of gazing at the stars in the apartment instead. Since Penelope insisted on cleaning up by herself, she forced Johnny to sit outside on the balcony and wait for her. She decided to leave most of the decorations up for now but she gathered all the tulips into one place so they could use the table surfaces. Taking a last whiff of the tulips, Penelope closed her eyes as jubilation flashed through her mind. Looks like you're getting your wish after all, Alice , she thought. Then she went outside to join her future husband, the engagement ring glinting like starlight on her finger. Author's Note: Thank you to all who read and especially those who stayed with me for the whole story! You don't know how invaluable you were and how much I appreciated your encouragement. Again, I apologize for any mistakes I made but I'm so glad they were pointed out. I should probably finish my other Penelope fanfiction soon so wish me luck on that. Thanks again and see you around on the fanfiction kingdom! ","Summary":" Penelope Fan fiction—An Interesting Proposal Author's Note—This is the first time I have ever poste"},{"Movie":"Insidious, 2011","Title":"Life Unexpected","Author":"SassyRaydorGirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12868639","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Life Unexpected Chapter 1 … Sean had just finished loading the dishwasher when he heard the front door opening, looking up to see who it was walking through. \"Elise?\" \"No dad, it's me.\" \"Quinn, what are you doing here?\" \"What, I'm not allowed to visit my dad?\" \"It's the weekend, I thought you'd be out with your friends…or studying.\" \"I don't have any work to go over this weekend for once, and as for my friends, well I'm meeting them tonight. I thought maybe we could do something.\" \"You wanna spend time with your old man, okay now I am worried.\" \"Oh my god really, well if you don't want too then I…\" \"No no, we can do something. What did you have in mind?\" \"I hadn't really thought, movies, lunch…shopping.\" \"Yes to the first two, no to the shopping.\" \"Spoil sport.\" Sean laughed at his daughter as she took a seat at the table while he poured them both a glass of orange juice. \"So, where's Elise today?\" \"Working a case.\" \"She's getting pretty busy again.\" \"Mmmm.\" \"What?\" \"Oh nothing honey.\" \"Dad?\" \"It's just…she has such a dangerous profession. I know she's good at it and she's a professional in what she does but it doesn't stop me worrying about her getting hurt.\" \"Yeah, she got hurt pretty bad the last time huh?\" \"We've seen it for ourselves, the danger. I hate her doing it.\" Quinn smiled at Sean, who gave her a strange look. \"What?\" He asked. \"I just think it's sweet how much you worry about her…but you know you can't tell her to stop doing what she loves.\" \"I know honey it's just that, I'm just scared that the next time could be the last one for her.\" … Tucker was filming the terrifying scene in front of him, as Specs kept writing what Elise was telling him, page after page as their clients looked on in horror as the lights flickered above them. Their client Jamie Fisher screamed when the chest of drawers from the other side of the room came flying across the room, just missing Elise by inches. \"Stop this…please…stop this now. I don't want to do this any more, please I…\" Specs stopped writing as Elise suddenly stood up from the table, Tucker staying perfectly still, waiting for a command. All they heard was Elise scream \"LEAVE NOW\" before she was thrown backwards, hitting the far away wall with a loud impact. The lights stopped flickering, the room feel silent, Jamie running from the room. \"Jesus, what the hell was that?\" Tucker asked. \"That was some scary shit…Elise, you okay?\" Specs asked. Tucker looked towards where Elise lay, on the floor by the wall. A pained expression on her face as she curled in on herself. \"Oh shit…Specs.\" Specs looked at Tucker, following his gaze to hear the low groans coming from Elise. Specs threw down the writing pad he had been holding, pushing back his chair as he rushed over to Elise's side, Tucker following behind him. \"Elise…can you move?\" Specs asked, taking hold of her free hand. \"Mmmm, hurts.\" \"Where, where does it hurt?\" She closed her eyes tightly, as Specs followed her gaze. Her hand going to her stomach. \"Elise, I'm just gonna see what the damage is okay?\" She could only nod her head as she allowed Specs to check her out, rolling up her sweater. \"I don't get it, there's nothing there, no bruising. Can you sit up.\" She took hold of Specs hand, Tucker coming to her other side as they tried to help her up but it only made her worse as she screamed out in pain, a scream unlike anything they'd ever heard from her before. \"Tucker, call an ambulance.\" \"I'm on it.\" As Tucker left to make the call, Elise grabbed hold of Specs hand, fear in her eyes. \"What's wrong with me?\" \"I don't know, but don't worry. We're gonna get you help.\" … Sean and Quinn walked along the street after the movie, Quinn finishing off her large coke. \"So…did you like the movie?\" Sean asked. \"Yeah it was okay.\" \"Just okay.\" \"Yeah, that okay with you?\" \"I guess so.\" \"Hey where's Alex by the way?\" \"He's at his friend Ethan's place, he got some new game for his Xbox they wanted to try out.\" \"Wow, fun.\" Quinn joked. \"Hey come on now, don't be mean to your brother.\" \"What, just doing what he does to me.\" \"He loves his big sister, even if he doesn't always show it.\" \"Mmmm, yeah well…I guess I do kinda love the little squirt too.\" \"Lunch then?\" \"Sure, how about over there?\" Quinn said, pointing to the small coffee house across the road. \"Anywhere you want kiddo.\" They stood in line for a good ten minutes as they waited for their turn, finally getting to the front of the queue just as Sean's cell started ringing. \"Dad?\" \"Get me a club sandwich honey, I'll be back in a minute.\" \"Hey, can I get a club sandwich, a feta salad, a coffee and an ice tea please.\" \"Sure thing darlin'.\" Sean stepped out of the queue, answering his cell. \"Hello…oh Specs hey, what are you…what…how bad, is she okay?\" Quinn heard Sean mention Elise, suddenly worry filled her as she saw the change in Sean's expression. \"Dad…what's wrong?\" \"Hang on honey, Specs where have they taken her? Okay, I'll be there as soon as I can.\" Sean hung up the phone, his face unreadable as he turned to the cashier. \"I'm sorry but we'll have to cancel our order.\" \"Dad?\" \"I'm sorry honey but Elise has been hurt, I gotta head over to the hospital.\" \"Oh my god, how bad is she?\" \"I really don't know anything else, look honey, I had a great time with you and we'll grab lunch next week sometime okay, you better just go and meet your friends earlier.\" \"What no way, I'm coming with you?\" \"Quinn, I don't even know how badly hurt she is, I could be there for hours, there's no point in you giving up your…\" \"Dad, I'm coming.\" Sean heard the determination in Quinn's voice, knowing she wasn't going to back down. \"Okay then…come on, we better get a cab.\" … To Be Continued…[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 … Sean ran down the corridor, Quinn following quickly behind him as he approached the reception desk. \"Hi, my name's Sean Brenner, my partner Elise Rainier was brought in earlier, I just…\" \"Sean?\" Sean stopped talking and tuned to see Specs and Tucker approaching him, their expressions mirroring his own. \"Guys, what the hell happened, how is she?\" \"We don't know yet, the doctor's still in with her. She sounded pretty bad though.\" \"What happened to her?\" Quinn asked. \"We were in the middle of a job, Elise was trying to contact the spirit of our client and suddenly all the furniture was getting moved around. Elise stood up to stop the session and I don't know…this force just…\" Specs went quiet, recalling the pain in Elise's voice when they got to her. \"Just what?\" Sean asked. \"She was thrown, she hit the far away wall pretty damn hard.\" \"She's hurt her back?\" \"I don't think so, it was her front that was causing her the pain, her stomach. We tried to help her up but the pain was so bad that she just…\" \"I've never seen Elise cry before.\" Tucker added. \"She was crying? Oh my god, Dad.\" \"Where is she, where did they take her?\" \"The room at the end of the corridor, number 8.\" \"Dad where are you going?\" \"Honey, just stay here with Specs and Tucker okay.\" \"But Dad?\" \"No buts sweetheart please, I need to go and find out what's happening, I can't just sit here.\" Before Quinn to say anything more, Sean was already making his way down the hallway. \"I'm sure your Dad's got nothing to worry about, Elise is a tough woman.\" Specs smiled. \"Yeah, yeah she is.\" \"Skipping Uni huh?\" Tucker asked. \"It's the weekend.\" \"Oh yeah.\" Quinn rolled her eyes, silence filling the room as they went back to the waiting game. … Sean came to a standstill outside Elise's room, looking in to see the doctor injecting Elise with something. As the doctor moved, he finally saw Elise, the pained look on her face as she clung to her stomach, tears falling from her eyes as the nurse standing beside her tried to calm her. \"Elise, I've given you a little something that's going to help you sleep okay and when you wake up, you'll feel as good as new.\" \"What…what's happening to me?\" \"We don't know for sure yet, we think perhaps you may have some internal bleeding from the force of impact but don't worry, we're going to get you back as good as new.\" The doctor looked up when she heard the small knock on the door behind them, giving Sean an odd look before walking over and opening the door. \"This is a private room, can I help you?\" \"Yeah I…my names Sean Brenner. I'm with Elise.\" \"You're not the one who brought her in.\" \"Sean…\" Sean looked over when Elise spotted him, he walked passed the doctor and over to Elsie, taking tight hod of her hand. \"Hey, how you doing?\" \"It really hurts Sean I…I don't know what I did.\" \"It wasn't you, just that damn job.\" \"Sean…\" Sean leaned down and kissed her as he watched her slowly closing her eyes. \"Don't worry Elise, I'm gonna be right here when you wake up.\" \"We need to take her to surgery now Sir.\" \"Yeah okay. I love you.\" He whispered as he gave her one last kiss. The nurse wheeled the bed out of the room, the doctor coming over to Sean. \"I'm sorry, I didn't realise you were her husband.\" \"I'm not, we are together though.\" \"I'll let you know as soon as she's out of surgery.\" \"Sure…hey doc?\" \"Yes.\" \"Please look after her.\" \"Of course.\" … Quinn looked up when she saw Sean walking back towards them, a look of worry on his face. \"Dad, is Elise okay?\" \"They've erm, they've taken her in to surgery. The doctor thinks she might have some internal bleeding from the force of the impact she received.\" \"I'm sure she'll be fine Dad, Elsie is tough, a bad ass remember. She's not like most women her age.\" \"Well you got that right.\" \"She'll be fine, you'll see.\" Two hours had passed, Tucker was on his fourth muffin, while Specs was on his umpteenth cup of coffee. Quinn had just finished Chapter 5 of her book, although she hadn't really been taking it in. Sean sat in his chair, just staring at the floor, so many scenarios running through his mind. \"Hey Dad.\" \"Mmmm, yeah sweetheart what is it?\" \"I was thinking I might just cancel tonight.\" \"Huh, what…going out with your friends?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Why?\" \"Well, with Elise being hurt like she is, it just doesn't seem right.\" \"Honey, Elsie wouldn't expect you to cancel your plans, anymore that I would. There's nothing you can do for her, so just go out and enjoy yourself.\" \"Are you sure?\" \"I'm very sure.\" Quinn nodded her thanks before sitting back in her chair. Another hour passed before the doctor finally made her appearance, Specs being the first to spot her. \"Doc…how is she?\" Specs asked. Sean turned, getting to his feet, ready to ask all his questions. \"Is Elise okay, how bad was it.\" \"Gentlemen, I can tell you that Elsie is going to be just fine, there was a little bleeding and we managed to get it back under control, she's suffered some bruising to her back when she made contact with the wall but other than that, she'll be fine.\" \"Oh thank god for that.\" Specs smiled. Tucker and Quinn joined him in his relief before the doctor looked at Sean. \"Mr Brenner, would you mind accompanying me for a few minutes, I just have a few forms that need signed\" \"Yeah, absolutely.\" Sean followed her as she made her way back down the corridor, Sean stopping outside Elise's room. \"I thought I was signing some forms?\" \"Forgive me, I just said that so that I could talk to you alone.\" \"Why, you Elsie was gonna be okay?\" \"And she is, as I said to you and the others, we were able to control the bleed.\" \"Then I don't understand.\" \"Sean…when I was operating on Elise, I discovered something…something I don't even think Elise is aware off, if she were she would likely have told me before I took her in to surgery. \"What do you mean you found something, cancer?\" \"Oh gosh no, nothing like that…but what I'm about to tell you, it might come as something of a shock to you, to both of you.\" \"Doc, you're scaring me here. Is Elise okay?\" \"Sean, Elise is approximately eight weeks pregnant.\" … To Be Continued…[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 … Every sound around him was blocked out, the doctor's voice asking him if he was okay, his head turned to see Elise still sleeping off the effects of the drugs, so many thoughts running around his head. \"Sean?\" \"Sorry what?\" \"I asked if you were okay?\" \"Am I…are you sure, about her being pregnant.\" \"I'm certain.\" \"Bloody hell, I didn't even know she was…I can't believe it.\" \"I know it must be a bit of a shock to you?\" \"A bit, you said it's unlikely she knows herself.\" \"She's in the early stages, she probably didn't think twice about any symptoms she might have been experiencing.\" \"Oh my god the surgery, is it okay…the baby.\" \"The baby's fine Sean, it's unharmed.\" \"The pain she was in, was the pregnancy part of the reason.\" \"She did endure a very big impact which did effect the baby when she developed the internal bleeding.\" \"But they are both okay now?\" \"Healthy.\" \"Thank god for that.\" \"Sean, I need to make something a little clear to you. Forgive me for being blunt but, Elise is obviously older than you and this baby, I just want to prepare you for her reaction.\" Sean looked at the doctor, unsure of what she was getting at. \"Sorry doc but I don't know what you mean?\" \"This baby, just don't expect the reaction you might be hoping for.\" \"The reaction I…you think she won't want it?\" \"Having a baby at Elise's age, it can be risky?\" \"Risky how?\" \"Well, there's always a chance she could miscarry, premature labour. The baby itself may experience difficulties.\" \"Like?\" \"Growth, disability.\" \"You're talking about downs syndrome aren't you?\" \"Yes, there's a test we can perform called an amniocentesis which will tell you one way or another but it comes with a risk.\" \"What risk?\" \"She could miscarry.\" \"But it's not certain.\" \"Nothing is for certain, look Sean…you and Elise need to discuss this as thoroughly as you can, whatever decision you make has to be one you both agree on.\" \"Yeah I know, thanks doc.\" \"She's going to be asleep for a bit yet, why don't you go home and I'll call you when she wakes up.\" \"No, no I'm gonna stay but thanks and thanks for taking care of her.\" \"You're welcome, the staff break room is down the hall. Go and make yourself a decent coffee while you wait.\" \"Thanks.\" … Quinn looked up when Sean came back to join them, seeing the change in his features. \"Dad, you okay?\" \"Mmmm, yeah sweetheart, just tired.\" \"Is Elise awake?\" Specs asked. \"Not yet, she's still out of it. Look guys, why don't you go home, get some sleep. I'll call you when she wakes up.\" \"Are you sure?\" \"Yeah, there's no point in all of us sitting here idle.\" \"We should get back and cancel some of Elise's clients, let them know she won't be able to work for a week or so.\" Sean looked over, wanting to tell them it could be longer but thought it best to keep things to himself for now. Specs and Tucker got up from their seats to leave. \"Quinn, you need a ride?\" \"No I'm good, I'm gonna stay here with dad.\" \"Honey, it could be a while.\" \"It's okay, I don't mind.\" \"Right well, call us yeah.\" \"Will do, thanks for bringing her in guys.\" \"No worries,\" As the boys left, Quinn turned back to Sean, he still had an odd look on his face which she knew meant something was wrong. \"Okay dad spill?\" \"Mmmm, what honey.\" \"I'm not stupid dad.\" \"No one said you were.\" \"So what's really going on?\" \"What do you mean?\" \"You didn't go back there just to sign some forms, your face tells me something's wrong.\" \"Quinn I…\" \"Dad don't lie to me, you always told be to be completely honest with you, even if it meant getting in to trouble because of it. If you want be to keep on doing that then you have to be honest with me, did something happen to Elise in surgery?\" \"No, nothing like that.\" \"Then what?\" \"They found something, when they were operating on her.\" \"Cancer? Oh god, is she gonna die like Mom?\" Sean heard the pure panic in Quinn's voice, reaching over to take her hand. \"Honey relax, it's not cancer.\" \"Then what, what's so big that it's made your face go all weird like that.\" \"Sweetheart…Elise is pregnant.\" Quinn straightened up when Sean uttered the word pregnant. \"Holy shit.\" \"Hey, language kiddo.\" \"Sorry…you knocked up Elise…Elise.\" Sean could hear the sudden shock in his daughters voice, seeing the way she looked at him. \"Don't give me those judgement eyes.\" He said. \"Dad how could you, both you. You should no better, especially Elise, I mean she…\" \"Quinn, you need to listen to me. This baby, it's…Elise doesn't even know.\" \"What do you mean she doesn't know?\" \"According to the doctor it's highly unlikely that Elise even knew she was pregnant.\" \"How can you not know.\" \"It's commom, I mean your Mom had no clue she was pregnant with you until she was already five months gone.\" \"No way, but how.\" \"Well you know your Mom, she was always very slim, she never had morning sickness. She was fit, exercised.\" \"That must be so weird, not knowing until you're halfway there you know.\" \"We need to be understanding with Elsie honey, she's not a young woman and having a baby at her age can be risky, if she decides she wants to have it then we…\" \"What do you mean if? Why wouldn't she?\" \"Honey listen to me here, the doc told me that because of her age, there's a higher risk of miscarriage, she could go in to premature labour, the baby itself could be born with disabilities. It's a lot for Elise to deal with, we've only been together four months, it's gonna be frightening for her.\" \"Yeah but, I mean you wouldn't leave her would you? Oh my god, would, if you walk out on her when she needs you the most then I…\" \"Hey calm down Quinn, I've no intention on going anywhere. I love Elise, and I know how fond you are of her. I will be here with her every step of the way.\" \"And will you still be if she decided not to have the baby?\" Sean closed his eyes briefly before wrapping his arm around his daughter, kissing the top of head. \"Even if she decided against this, yes…I will still be there for her. Quinn honey, I love Elise. I didn't think I'd ever love someone the way I loved your Mom, but I found someone, and yes she's older but it doesn't matter to me, she makes me happy, she loves you kids and that's all that matters. I wouldn't force her to do anything that might harm her or scare her, I'll be as supportive as she needs me to be.\" Quinn snaked her arms around Sean's neck, hugging him tightly. \"I love you dad.\" \"I love you too honey.\" … To Be Continued…[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 … Elise heard the beeping at the side of her bed, turning her head to see the machine close to her, her mind flashed back to her accident. She made a move to sit up, letting out a hiss of pain as she did. The doctor came in to the room, making her way over to Elise. \"Elise, take it easy. Here, let me help you.\" The doctor put her arms around her as Elise held on to her, as she sat up, the doctor arranging her pillows for her. \"I'm Doctor Ryan, Helen. How are you feeling?\" \"A little sore, what happened?\" \"You came in with some internal bleeding, we had to operate right away.\" \"Where are the boys?\" \"Your boyfriend sent them home.\" \"Sean's here?\" \"He is, he's been here a while. He was very worried about you.\" \"I've never felt pain like that before, I've been injured because of my work before but that felt so different.\" \"Elise, there's something you need to know.\" \"Is something wrong?\" Helen took a seat on the edge of the bed, seeing the sudden worry in Elise's eyes. \"Just tell me.\" \"When I was operating, I discovered something other than the bleeding.\" \"Something? Like what? Is it serious?\" \"Elise, you're pregnant.\" Helen heard the quick intake of breath from Elise as she tried to take in what Helen had told her. \"I can't be.\" \"Elise…\" \"I'm too old, it's impossible.\" \"Elise, I was there doing your surgery, I saw it for myself.\" \"How long?\" \"Eight weeks, the baby's fine and with some rest, so will you be.\" Elise remained quiet, so many thoughts running through her head. \"Sean's been very anxious to see you.\" \"Does he know?\" \"About the baby, yes he knows.\" \"I just…don't know if I can do this.\" \"Why don't I go and get Sean and then you…\" \"No, please. I don't want to see him.\" \"Elise are you absolutely sure that's what you want?\" \"I just can't, please.\" … Quinn and Sean were in the middle of discussing where Elise would stay when Helen appeared in front of them. \"Oh hey doc, is she awake?\" \"She's awake.\" \"Oh great, okay honey you stay here just now while I go and…\" \"Actually Sean, could I have a quick word.\" Sean got to his feet, Helen guiding him away from Quinn so that she wouldn't over hear them. \"What's going on?\" \"Sean I informed Elise about the baby and…well she's not exactly taking it well.\" \"I'll go talk to her and she…\" \"Sean, she doesn't want to see you.\" \"What, what do you mean she doesn't want to see me.\" Sean's voice rose, causing Quinn to look up, getting up and coming over to them. \"Dad, what's going on. Is Elise okay?\" \"Apparently she doesn't want to see me.\" \"Huh?\" \"Sean, she's in shock. She needs time to digest what's happening, it's a big life change for her and you have to expect some reservations.\" \"Dad, she's right. It's pretty big news to take all at once.\" \"Yeah and I get that, but avoiding me won't change what's happened. Sorry but…I'm not waiting.\" … Sean stormed off down the hallway, Quinn yelling out to him as Helen ran to catch him. Just before he got to the door, Helen grabbed his arm, halting him in his tracks. \"Sean wait.\" \"I need to see her.\" \"And that's fine, but she's had a huge shock and the last thing she needs is you barging in there, yelling at her.\" \"I wasn't gonna…I wouldn't yell at her, I love her.\" \"You and Elise, how did you meet?\" \"What's that got to do with anything?\" \"I'm just curious.\" \"Elise is a parapsychologist, a psychic. You probably don't believe in all that stuff, to be honest, neither did I until…there was some weird stuff going on in my house, Quinn, she got hurt really badly. Elise helped us.\" \"And you struck up a friendship?\" \"She was…different, interesting. She was always smiling, even when it was getting pretty bad in the house, she kept smiling to keep Quinn and my family at ease. I don't know, I saw something in her, she was a breath of fresh air. We lost Quinn's Mom to cancer a year before and I didn't think I'd ever feel for anyone the way I felt for her but, with Elise I did.\" \"I see.\" \"I know the age gaps a bit…well you know, but it doesn't bother me and it didn't faze her either.\" \"It's good that her age doesn't bother you, but where this baby is concerned, you're going to need to try to understand how she's feeling about this. A woman of Elise's age getting pregnant, it's very rare.\" \"Yeah but…it does happen.\" \"Not very often, and for someone like Elise, the work she does, the fact that you're younger than she is, it's scary for her. She needs time to get her head around what's happening, and what she needs more than anything, is the ones she loves being there for her, being as supportive as they can. Please don't force her in to something, she either doesn't want or is ready for. You obviously make her happy, don't ruin that by…forgive me for saying, being an ass.\" \"That's the last thing I want, I'm not gonna lie though. I'd love it if she had this baby, but if she does decide it's for her then…I'll respect that.\" \"Good, I'm glad. You're a good man Sean Brenner.\" \"DAD?\" Sean looked past Helen to see Quinn walking towards them. \"What's going on?\" \"Honey, I need to go and talk to Elise for a bit, why don't you head for now okay.\" \"Are you sure, I mean…I really don't mind staying if you…\" \"Elise and I need some time on our own, please honey.\" \"Okay, I'll eh…go home, but call me yeah.\" \"I will, thanks sweetheart.\" Quinn smiled before turning and walking away, Helen looking in at Elise. \"Off you go then, and good luck.\" \"Thanks.\" Sean took a deep breath before turning the handle and entering Elise's room. … To Be Continued…[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 … Elise looked up when she heard the door to her room opening, and seeing Sean standing in the doorway, she held her breath for a moment before Sean closed the door behind him and came over to her, Elise suddenly feeling nervous. \"Hey…how are feeling?\" She could hear the genuine concern in his voice as he took a seat on the edge of the bed, feeling Elise move away a little from him. Sean knew she was worried about their current situation and she was trying to distance herself but he refused to allow it to happen. Reaching out, he took tight hold of her hand. \"Sean don't I…\" \"Hey come on now, it's me. Don't pull away from me, especially not now.\" \"I don't know what to say to you, I don't know about anything right now.\" \"Well, for starters…how do you feel, any pain?\" \"A little, the doctor said she had to operate on me.\" \"Yeah, she said it was minor. You can go home in a couple days.\" \"Good, I'm not a fan of hospitals.\" \"Is anyone.\" Elise looked up at him to see him smiling at her, trying to lighten the mood a little. \"The doc thinks it would be a good idea if you had someone to stay with you when your released, just for a few days.\" \"I'll be fine, really. Specs and Tucker are there.\" \"Well they're out covering the appointments you had, they'll hardly be there. Why don't you come and stay at the flat, just a few days.\" \"Oh Sean I…\" \"How about I promise that I won't mention anything about the baby, not until you're ready to talk about it.\" \"I just need some time to think about things.\" \"I know, hey…I don't want to force you in to anything you don't want okay. I love you, if this isn't what you want then I'll respect that.\" \"You wouldn't hate me…if I decided against this.\" Sean went quite, Elise watching as he ran his thumb over the top of her hand before he looked up at her. \"I could never hate you, I'm not gonna lie to you here…I would love it if we had this baby together but I don't want you going through with something you don't really want. All I want at the end of the day is you, you've made me happy again, something I never thought I'd ever be again after losing my wife.\" \"Why are you being so understanding about this?\" \" I love you, isn't that enough?\" Elise nodded her head before Sean leaned over and kissed her, feeling her lean in to him. \"So, will you stay with me?\" \"Okay…do the boys know, about all of this?\" \"All they know is that you had some internal bleeding and now you're recovering.\" \"Don't tell them, please. Until I've decided what I'm going to do.\" \"I had no intention in telling them, I think you should know though, Quinn knows. She's not stupid, she knew something else was going on she…\" \"It's okay, she's your daughter, I understand.\" \"She's not judging either okay, all she was worried about was you.\" \"She's a good girl.\" \"Who can't wait to see you.\" \"Is she here?\" \"No, I sent her home. She had plans with friends tonight so, I told her just to go. Why don't you get some sleep huh.\" \"Will you stay?\" \"If you want me too.\" \"I do.\" \"Scoot over.\" Elise moved over so that Sean could lay beside her, she felt his arm going around her shoulder, before her had fell to his chest, feeling him place a kiss to the top of her head, before she closed her eyes. … Elise was putting on her jacket a few days later when she felt someone standing behind her, turning to see her doctor in the doorway. \"That you all ready to go?\" \"Mmmm, I think so.\" Helen walked over to Elise, a warm hand on her back. \"You okay?\" \"I'm just…nervous.\" \"You don't have to stay with Sean if you don't want too, isn't there anyone else?\" \"Just the boys but they're working right now, covering my appointments I couldn't make.\" \"Ahhh, I see. I know I don't know him well but he seems to genuinely love you, I know from talking with him that you are very important in his life and he doesn't want to force you in to something you don't want.\" \"No I know, I just…\" \"Talk to me?\" \"Being around him so much at home, I'm worried I'm going to end up feeling guilty and do this because I know it's what he wants.\" \"Elise, you seem like a level headed woman.\" \"For a crazy psychic lady.\" She joked.\" \"I'm serious, you won't make this decision half heartedly. You will do this if it's what you really want, and the good thing is you have some very understanding people in your life, his daughter seems to care a great deal for you from what I saw.\" \"She's a sweet girl, sometimes I think she feels obligated because I saved her life.\" \"I'm sure that's not it, give yourself time. Think long and hard about this, because once you decided to have it, there's no going back.\" \"What would you do?\" \"I can't answer that, I'm sorry, but when you have decided, if you're more than happy, then I can be the one to look after you, whether you decided yes or no, here's my number, if you need someone to talk too, just call.\" Elise took the small card from Helen, putting it in to her pocket. \"Thank you.\" \"Any time.\" … To Be Continued…[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 … Elise and Sean rode the elevator in silence as they waited for the doors to open, he looked sideways to see Elise in a world of her own, knowing exactly what was likely running through her mind. \"You okay Elise?\" He said softly. She sighed before looking up at him, a small smile on her lips as she nodded her head. \"I'm okay, just thinking.\" \"Hey, for now…lets just get you up and about again, that's our main focus right now, nothing else.\" \"Thank you.\" He ran a warm hand over her back as the elevator doors opened, making their way down the hall to Sean's apartment. Once inside, Elise followed him through to the main room to see some roses on the table. Elise bent down and gave the roses a quick smell. \"Sean they're beautiful.\" \"They're not from me.\" Elise looked at him oddly before he picked up the envelope and handed it to her. He watched her closely as she opened the card and read the inside, a smile appearing on her lips. \"You have a wonderful daughter, I hope you know how lucky you are.\" \"Oh I do, she certainly has her moments. Now, I've set up Quinn's room for you, I think everything you need is in there.\" \"Oh.\" Sean saw the way her face fell when he mentioned the bedroom. \"Elise, what is it?\" \"Oh nothing, it's silly, forget it.\" \"No come on, talk to me. You know what, I wasn't thinking, Quinn's bedroom is probably the last place you want to be after what happened in there, Quinn still has little moments too, I didn't think.\" \"No Sean, it's not that.\" \"What then?\" He asked confused. \"I just assumed that I'd be…with you?\" \"Oh, well I…\" \"You know what, maybe I should just go home, I'll be fine on my own really.\" As Elise got ready to leave, Sean took hold of her hand, stopping her as she turned back to him. \"I'm sorry, I didn't think. I just, wasn't sure you'd want to sleep in my bed, given what's happening right now. I didn't want to crowd you, I promised you I'd give you space to think things over.\" \"Sean, I know this isn't easy for us right now but the last thing I want is to be apart, this is a decision we have to make together and as terrified as I am right now, I still need you here with me.\" Sean moved in and held Elise in his arms, feeling her relax instantly, her arms coming around his waist as she leaned on his chest. \"I love you so damn much, you know that?\" He smiled down at her. \"I love you too, we'll figure this out.\" \"We will.\" … Quinn unlocked the door, trying to juggle the paper bag in her hand and her keys in the other. \"Dad…dad you here?\" Quinn turned too quickly, the contents of the bag falling on the floor. \"Damn it.\" She cursed. Elise looked up from the book she was reading, hearing Quinn's voice. She put her book on the table before getting up and going in to the hallway. \"Quinn?\" \"Elise, oh hey. I didn't know you were here?\" \"I'm just staying for a few days, the doctor thought it was better to have someone around. Here, let me help you honey.\" \"God no, leave it. I'll get it.\" \"It's no trouble.\" As Elise bend down, she let out a hiss of pain, Quinn putting the groceries aside before her hand came around Elise's waist and helped the older woman to get herself together. \"You okay?\" \"Mmmm, I'm okay, sorry sweetie.\" \"I told you not to touch them.\" \"I forgot about the surgery, I'm okay now, really.\" Quinn was unsure at first but decided to trust Elise, letting go of her before she went back to picking up the groceries from the floor. Elise followed her through to the kitchen, watching Quinn as she put things away in their appropriate place. \"You'll make someone a wonderful wife one day Quinn.\" \"Well I've certainly had plenty of practice, looking after dad and Alex. Where is dad anyway?\" \"He took Alex to his friend Peter's house, soccer match I think he said.\" \"Oh yeah, boring as hell. Pray you're having a girl, trust me, boys are a nightmare.\" Elise's face fell, Quinn suddenly realising what she's just said, cursing herself. \"Oh crap, Elise I'm sorry, I didn't mean too…\" \"It's okay honey, I know.\" \"Dad said not to mention the baby and I go and open my big mouth yet again.\" \"How about a cup of tea?\" \"Sure, but I'll make it and you…\" \"Quinn, let me, please.\" \"Sure.\" Quinn took a seat at the counter as she watched Elise make the tea, smiling that she knew where everything was, Quinn never realised until that moment just how nice it was to have another woman around the apartment again. \"You okay honey?\" \"Yeah, it's just, you being here…making tea. It's like having my mom back again, sorry…it sounds stupid.\" \"Not at all, you're always gonna miss you mom honey. Mom's are special.\" \"Yeah they are, which makes you pretty special too huh?\" Elise stopped what she was doing, closing her eyes for a moment, Quinn got up and came around to Elise, her arm going around the older woman. \"I'm sorry Elise, I keep bringing it up, dad's gonna kill me.\" \"I just need some time to think that's all honey, this is a big thing for me, and your dad won't kill you. He's a good man, and I know he wants this baby.\" \"He loves you so much, he's never felt like this with anyone other than my mom, he won't walk away from you if things get tough, he's not like that.\" \"I know, I'm just…scared.\" \"I know, for what's it worth though…you'd make a great mom, and that's the last I'm gonna say, I promise. I'll finish off the tea, you go and sit down.\" Elise nodded her head and headed through to the living room, taking a seat on the sofa, Quinn's words going over in her mind, her hand going to the baby. … To Be Continued…[Chapter 7] Chapter 7 … Sean unlocked the door, entering the hallway to immediately hear the laughter coming from the living room, smiling as he made his way through to see Quinn and Elise on the couch. \"What's the joke?\" Sean asked, as they both turned to see him. \"Oh hey dad.\" \"Quinn was just telling me about her admirer.\" \"Oh, who's this then?\" He asked, taking a seat on the chair at the side. \"Just a boy from Uni, don't worry dad.\" \"Who said I was worried, so when do we get to meet him?\" \"He hasn't actually asked me out yet you know.\" \"So why don't you ask him?\" Elise said. \"Huh, I can't do that.\" \"Yeah, Quinn's right…isn't it traditional for the guy to ask the girl, that's what I did with you.\" \"Tradition is overrated, lots of young girls ask the boys out these days.\" \"Mmmm, but what if he says no?\" \"Dad?\" \"I'm just saying.\" \"I can't imagine any boy saying no to that beautiful face.\" Elise smiled, her hand cupping Quinn's chin. \"See dad, now that was the kind of response I was looking for.\" \"Well go ahead with whatever you want, but we wanna meet this guy before he takes you out anywhere.\" \"We?\" Quinn asked, looking between Elise and Sean. \"That's right we.\" He replied. \"I don't think I have any say in this Sean.\" \"You're family, of course you do.\" As Sean said the last few words, everything went quiet, and Quinn felt the awkwardness around her. \"Well…I should probably get going, I'm meeting my friend Lara for some drinks and…\" \"Oh, you really have to go?\" Sean asked. \"Sorry dad but I promised.\" \"Well have a lovely time honey, and stay safe.\" Elise smiled. \"Thanks Elise, I'll pop by tomorrow and visit, if that's okay.\" She asked, looking up at Sean. \"Sweetheart, you don't have to ask, this is still your home.\" \"I know, well I better go.\" Quinn leaned over and kissed Elise's cheek before getting to her feet. \"Thank you for the flowers Quinn, they're beautiful.\" \"You're welcome, I'll see you later…dad, quit worrying so much, I'll be fine.\" Sean rolled his eyes, Elise laughing as he followed Quinn to the door. \"Hey dad, don't get mad okay but…\" \"What have you done?\" \"I may have brought up the subject of the baby a couple of times with Elise…\" \"Oh sweetheart.\" \"I didn't mean too, Elise seemed okay though.\" \"Yeah look I know you didn't mean too it's just…I don't want her to think that I'm rushing her in to a decision she doesn't really want.\" \"Dad, Elise isn't the kind of person to let anyone tell her what she should do, she'll make the right choice, I know it.\" \"What ever that might be?\" \"I'll call you later.\" \"Fine, and remember, if you do ask this boy out…we meet him first, deal?\" \"Deal, bye dad.\" \"Bye sweetheart.\" Sean gave Quinn a quick hug before she turned and left, the door closing behind her. … Elise looked up when Sean walked back in to the room, seeing the worried look on his face as he took a seat beside her. \"Try not to worry too much about Quinn, she's a smart girl.\" \"Yeah I know it's just…\" \"What?\" \"When did I miss all these new rules about asking someone out on a date, now the girl has to do it.\" \"Well what's wrong with that?\" \"If I hadn't asked you, would you have asked me?\" Elise raised her eyes, a warm smile on her face before she eventually answered him. \"Well to be fair, I didn't know you were even interested in me.\" \"Yeah but, you didn't feel any kind of connection between us when you were here helping Quinn?\" \"Do you want me to be completely honest with you?\" \"Go ahead.\" Elise moved closer to Sean, her hand resting on his thigh as she turned to him. \"Back then as far as I was concerned, you were just another client.\" \"Oh, well thanks very much.\" He grumbled. \"You didn't give me any hints at all that you were interested in me Sean, I mean I'm not…\" \"What physic?\" He joked. \"Very funny, oh I don't know, maybe you did and I just didn't notice. After my husband, I didn't think any man would ever notice me again, I wasn't young, I have a job that not a lot of people believe in, there are a lot of people out there who just think I'm some crazy old woman.\" Sean took hold of Elise's hand, before he leaned in and kissed her. \"Well I don't think you're crazy.\" \"Not even when you first met me, when Quinn told you she'd been to see me, be honest…what was you first real thoughts?\" \"I never told her you were a crazy woman.\" \"You didn't think it?\" \"To be honest, I've never had to deal with that kind of stuff in my life before, I knew nothing about it so to believe or not to believe it was hard to comprehend.\" \"What ran through your mind when you saw first hand, that day in Quinn's room?\" \"Truthfully?\" \"Yes.\" \"I was scared…for Quinn, then for you.\" \"Me?\" \"When you crossed over and you started choking like you did, it scared the hell out of me, you didn't accept any money to help Quinn, you did it because you wanted to help my daughter, and when you couldn't breathe, it freaked me out, something about seeing you like that, hit me hard. I think that moment was when I realised you were someone special, I just didn't realise just how special you'd become to me.\" \"That's very sweet.\" \"I mean it, I'm glad you came in to our lives, you changed everything. Not just in helping Quinn to move on from her Mom's death but, you helped me move on too, you made me realise it was possible to love another woman again, and now here we are…you, me, Quinn, Alex and…\" \"The baby?\" \"I'm not gonna talk about it, I promise. I know Quinn did and I'm sorry. I did ask her not too but she…\" \"It wasn't deliberate, it came up in conversation, it didn't upset me.\" They both went quiet before Sean released Elise's hand from his grasp. \"I think I'll go and make us some tea.\" He made a move to stand up, Elise grabbing his wrist, stopping him as he turned and looked down at her. \"I'm not trying to hurt you Sean, I'm just…so confused.\" Sean knelt down in front of her, taking her hands in his as he looked in to her eyes. \"I'm not trying to upset you or make you feel guilty Elise, I love you so much and I know how hard this is on you. It's a big shock, and what I said before about standing by you, no matter what choice you make, I meant that. I won't force you in to having the baby if it's not truly what you want. I'm not going anywhere.\" \"Thank you.\" \"I'll go and make that tea.\" He got to his feet, leaning in to kiss her before he left the room, Elise releasing a breath she'd been holding as her hand went to her abdomen. \"Tell me what I should do baby, tell me what to do.\" She whispered as tears fell from her eyes. … To Be Continued…[Chapter 8] Sorry it's been a few weeks readers, busy at work. … Chapter 8 … Specs got out of the van, the door slamming behind him as Tucker came around from the passengers side. Specs looked up at Sean's building, just silently staring. \"Well come on then, we better get this over with?\" Tucker said. \"Elise is gonna be pissed.\" \"It's not our fault.\" \"What does it say about us, when the client won't deal with us huh?\" \"It's not us that's the problem, we do our job just fine.\" \"Really, well they didn't think so.\" \"They thought they were getting Elise, it's not that we're crap, we're just…not Elise.\" \"Yeah, this sucks. Come on, we better get this over with.\" Specs walked ahead, Tucker rolling his eyes at his friend as he followed him inside the building. … Quinn reached over the counter, grabbing a bagel form the plate that Sean had put in front of him. \"Hey, that wasn't for you.\" \"Sorry dad, but I'm starving.\" \"Don't they feed you at Uni?\" \"I'm a growing girl.\" \"Well you're somthin' alright?\" \"Are you really gonna begrudge me a bagel.\" Sean looked over at his daughter, shaking his head as she gave him the puppy eyes. \"You really know how to win an argument don't you sweetheart.\" \"I learned from the best.\" \"Well thank you.\" He grinned. \"You wish, I mean Mom.\" \"Fair enough.\" \"Hey, where's Elise?\" \"Oh, she went for a lie down about an hour ago. She was feeling a bit sick.\" \"It's been a week now, has she said anything?\" \"Nope, I'm not gonna push her either. I said I'd give her space and that's what I intend to do.\" \"Do you think she'll keep it?\" \"I don't know kiddo, I mean I get why she might not want to go ahead with it.\" \"It's not like she'd be on her own though, you're not going anywhere…right?\" \"Honey, you know I wouldn't. I love Elise, she's made me so happy, something I didn't think I would ever be again after your Mom. Having this baby, it's scary for her, and I know it's a lot to ask of her, to put her body through a pregnancy at her age.\" \"Yeah I guess you're right.\" \"You telling me you wouldn't mind another brother or sister around the place?\" He smiled. \"Hey I'm not saying they wouldn't annoy the hell out of me like Alex but…yeah, I wouldn't mind…and I already think of Elise as part of the family now.\" \"You do?\" \"She helped us all heal after Mom, I don't think I'll ever be able to repay her for what she did for us. Seeing how happy she makes you though, makes me happy too.\" Sean was about to respond when he heard the door, putting down his bagel and going to answer the door. Quinn got up, going over to the fridge to pour herself some orange juice, turning when she heard footsteps behind her to see Specs and Tucker walking in behind Sean. \"We got company.\" Sean said. \"Hey guys.\" Quinn smiled. \"Hi Quinn, look sorry to drop in like this. I tried Elise's cell but she wasn't answering.\" \"Oh right, well she's having a lie down, is it important?\" \"Something like that?\" Tucker answered. \"We've just got a slight issue with a client, we really need Elise?\" Specs added. \"Okay, well help yourselves to some coffee and I'll go and see if she's awake.\" … Sean made his way in to the bedroom, to see Elise lying on her side, her back to him. He made his way around the bed, smiling when he knelt down in front of her, noticing the way her hand rested on the baby. He moved, placing a warm hand on her arm, Elise stirring from her sleep. \"Sean?\" \"Hey, sorry to wake you.\" \"Is everything okay?\" \"Specs and Tucker are here, apparently they need you?\" \"Right.\" \"I can tell them to go if you…\" \"No no, it's fine. I've avoided them all week, it's probably time to see them.\" \"As far as they know, it was just internal bleeding, remember that. You don't have to say anything else. No pressure from any of us, right.\" \"I know.\" She sat up, running a hand through her hair before Sean leaned in and kissed her. \"You look beautiful.\" He smiled. \"You charmer you.\" She laughed. Sean stood up, holding out his hand for Elise to take, which she did willingly before they made their way through to the kitchen. … Specs was just putting some sugar in to his cup when Elise and Sean entered the room, his arm protectively around her. Specs first thought when he saw her was how tired she looked despite all the rest she was getting. \"Elise…you okay?\" Specs asked, abandoning his coffee before making his way over to her. He'd always been protective of her since their partnership began, she was one of the kindest women he's met, like a mother to him, who had took a chance on himself and Tucker. \"I'm fine Specs, just a little tired.\" \"I thought you were getting better?\" \"Oh honey I am, it just takes time…now, what did you boys want to see me about, sit down.\" Elise sat down at the table, as Specs and Tucker joined her. Sean taking a seat at the counter beside Quinn. \"Our clients are idiots, that's the problem?\" Tucker said.\" \"That's not quite….okay here's the thing. Mrs Drake, the one who's convinced her basement is haunted.\" \"What about her?\" \"She doesn't want us on the case.\" \"What…what are you talking about, she asked for us specifically.\" \"Correction, she asked for you?\" Specs added. \"We come as one.\" \"Try telling her that, the woman's nuts, started yelling, saying we weren't doing our job properly.\" \"I'm sure she didn't say that Tucker.\" Elise stated. \"That's exactly what she said, she said she'd hired Elise Rainier and she wanted Elise Rainier, and no one else.\" \"She was pretty adamant Elise, I know you're still recovering but is there any chance you could maybe come and talk to her at least.\" \"Yeah we tried telling her you were just out of hospital but she didn't seem to care much.\" Elise looked up from the table, turning to Sean who already knew what was coming. \"Perhaps if I just go and explain to her the situation.\" \"Are you crazy, you're nowhere near ready to go back to work. What if something happens.\" \"I'm just going to talk to her Sean, I don't plan on contacting the spirits.\" \"We'll look after her, I swear.\" Specs said. \"I don't know Elise.\" Elise got to her feet, coming over to Sean as Quinn watched them closely. Sean wrapped his arms around Elise's waist, bringing her close to him, her own hand on his arm. \"I'll be careful, I promise. We need this client, she was paying us a lot to do this.\" \"I swear to god I won't let anything happen to her Sean.\" \"We'll both be there with her, what's the big deal.\" Tucker asked. \"Is something else going on here?\" Specs asked, noticing the worried look in Sean's face. Elise took a deep breath before turning back to her boys. \"Nothing's wrong, I'm fine. Sean just worries, but I'll be fine, I promise. I'll just talk to her and I'll be back before you know it.\" \"Elise…\" \"I have too Sean, don't be that guy?\" \"That guy? You mean the guy who loves you, who wants to keep you both safe, well sorry for giving a shit.\" \"Dad…chill out.\" Sean shook his head before getting up and making his way out of the room, the bedroom door slamming behind him. Everyone remained quiet for a few moments before Elise eventually spoke. \"Come on boys, we better get this mess sorted. Quinn honey, I'm sorry you had to see that.\" \"No it's fine, he…he's just worried about you.\" She whispered. \"I'll be careful, I'll call later okay. Come on boys.\" Elise grabbed her jacket before Specs and Tucker followed her out the door, Quinn releasing a breath she'd been holding as the door closed behind them. … To Be Continued…[Chapter 9] Chapter 9 … Specs pulled up outside their client's home, turning off the ignition, making a face at Tucker, who stuffed another hot dog in to his mouth. \"Do you ever stop?\" Specs spoke. \"What?\" \"Eating, that's your second one in a matter of minutes.\" \"I'm hungry okay?\" \"Please tell me you haven't been stuffing your face in front of clients?\" Elise asked. \"No…\" Elise raised her eyes, as Tucker looked away from her. \"Mmmm, no more Tucker, it's not professional.\" \"Exactly, it's no wonder they don't want us.\" \"Hey.\" \"Well, seeing you stuff your face isn't exactly nice to look at, is it?\" \"Okay boys, stop fighting. Have you been arguing in front of Mrs Drake?\" \"A little.\" Tucker opened the door and got out, holding out his hand for Elise who got out, a pained noise escaping her lips. \"You okay Elise?\" \"Mmmm, fine. Still a little sore.\" \"Maybe you shouldn't have come, we can try and talk to her again if you…\" \"Specs, it's okay, really.\" She gave him a reassuring smile, but Specs knew her better than that and knew right away that she was lying to him. As Tucker walked ahead, Spec's took hold of Elise's arm, forcing her to turn around. \"What's going on?\" \"What do you mean?\" She asked. \"Well it's been over a week and you still look tired as hell and…\" \"I'm fine really I…\" \" Stop it …just stop. You're not a very good liar Elise. Sean looked terrified at the thought of you coming here today and I heard what he said.\" \"What are you talking about?\" \"The guy who loves you, the guy who wants to keep you both safe, yeah I heard him. What I wanna know is what he meant by it?\" \"He just meant me and his kids, that's all.\" \"No, no it was something else, even Quinn looked odd. You're hiding something. You were all acting weird at the hospital but I chose to keep quiet. You've known us a hell of a lot longer than Sean and Quinn, don't we at least deserve to know what's going on with you?\" Elise closed her eyes briefly before looking back up at a worried Spec's, Tucker coming back to join them. \"Are we going in there to see the dragon lady or what?\" Tucker asked. \"We are going in, but first there's something I need you boys to know.\" \"The truth?\" Spec's asked. \"Yes, the truth. Come with me.\" … Quinn waited for the kettle to boil before pouring the boiling water in to the mug, adding two sugars and the milk before making her way down the hallway and knocking on the bedroom door. \"What?\" Quinn heard the moody voice on the other side, shaking her head before she opened the door, walking over to the bed and placing the mug of coffee on the bed side cabinet. \"Don't get all grumpy with me, just because your pissed at Elise Dad.\" Sean looked up, rolling his eyes before taking the mug in his hand. \"Sorry sweetheart.\" Quinn took a seat on the bed beside her father, the pair sitting in silence for a few moments. \"She didn't have much of a choice you know, Tucker and Spec's were pretty adamant?\" \"She didn't take much convincing though, did she?\" \"It is her job and you heard what she said, the client's paying them a lot of money. It's not fair if she lost it all.\" \"I might have guessed you'd take her side.\" \"It's not about taking sides, it's about cutting her some slack. Maybe some fresh air will do her some good.\" \"Just as long as all she's doing is talking to this client of hers and not…well you know.\" \"Elise wouldn't do anything to deliberately harm the baby, you know her better than that.\" \"Yeah, I know sweetheart. Look, just ignore your old man…he's being an idiot.\" \"Just a bit.\" \"Thanks for the coffee.\" \"You want something to eat?\" \"Not right now kiddo.\" \"I'm going out for a bit, will you be okay on your own?\" \"I'll be fine…who are you meeting?\" \"No one special.\" \"This admirer?\" \"Dad, shut up.\" \"Fine, don't tell me.\" \"I won't, see you later.\" Sean smiled as Quinn left the room, the door closing behind her. He took out his phone, sending a quick text to Elsie before finishing his coffee. … Elise, Tucker and Specs were at the back of the van, Elise sitting on the edge as the boys stared through her. \"Boys, say something…let me know you heard what I just told you.\" \"No, no we…we heard you.\" \"Are you okay?\" \"Are we…are you?\" Spec's asked. \"I'm okay, I'm tired but…I suppose that's normal.\" \"Aren't you too old to have a baby?\" Tucker asked. \"Geez Tucker, seriously?\" \"Well someone has to ask.\" \"Right, and it just had to be you didn't it?\" \"Okay boys, stop fighting.\" \"How do you feel about all of this, I mean…it's pretty huge Elise?\" \"I've never lied to you boys, and I'm not about to start now. The truth is, I don't really know how I feel about it, I think I'm still in shock. I'm not sure whether I'm going to have the baby or not, it's still up in the air.\" \"How does Sean feel about it?\" \"He's happy about the baby but he also understands how hard this is on me and he said he would support me whether I had the baby or decided against it.\" \"He's a good guy, isn't he? I wasn't sure at first?\" Tucker replied. \"Well, you know we feel the same way right? We're behind you whatever you decide.\" \"Thank you, I knew I could rely on you both.\" \"Are we gonna go deal with this crazy broad or what?\" Tucker asked. \"Lead the way Tucker.\" Tucker moved away, as Elise got to her feet, Spec's taking her by surprise and hugging her. \"We're here for you Elise.\" He whispered. \"Thank you Spec's you're a good boy.\" \"You ready for this?\" \"As ready as I'll ever be, lets go.\" … To Be Continued…[Chapter 10] Chapter 10 … Elise turned the key in the lock, gently opening the door, the sound of music playing in the background. She entered the apartment, closing the door behind her. \"Oh hey Elise.\" \"Alex, you're back. Did you have a good time at your friends?\" \"Yeah it was okay, I'm just going to my room to play computer games, dad's in a mood.\" \"Oh…is he?\" She said, looking down the hallway. \"Well you go and have fun and we'll call you when dinner's ready okay?\" \"Okay, thanks Elise.\" She was taken my surprise when Alex leaned in, and wrapped his small arms around her waist, hugging her. Something he hadn't done before, which caused Elise to gasp. \"Did I hurt you, sorry.\" \"No honey, you didn't hurt me. Go and play your games.\" Alex did as she asked, returning to his room, the door closing behind him as Elise made her way down the hallway, to see Sean sitting on the sofa, unaware that she was home. She came around the side of the sofa and sat down, Sean's eyes never leaving the CD case he was looking at. \"Alex is in his room, he's going to play some video games until dinner?\" Elise said. \"Mmmmmm.\" Was all Sean said, determined not to make the first move. \"Sean?\" Sean looked up from the case which was clearly more interesting to him, finally looking her in the eye. \"What?\" \"Look, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have gone with Specs and Tucker, not when you were so against it.\" Sean sighed before putting the CD case down, turning to Elise and taking her hand in his. \"I'm not one of those guys that tells the woman he loves what to do, I'm not, but in this case, your work is dangerous and I've seen first hand the kind of things that can happen, especially to you and I was worried about you, about both of you. I know you haven't made a definite decision on the baby, but while he or she is still inside you, I'm gonna worry, I can't help it.\" Elsie couldn't help the smile that crept on her face when Sean's eyes lit up every time he mentioned the baby, part of her felt so bad that she was taking so long to decide what she wanted to do. \"Elise? You okay?\" Sean saw the brief flash of sadness in her eyes, tightening his hold on her hand. \"I'm fine.\" \"Was it something I said?\" \"No I…\" \"The baby?\" \"I just…don't like keeping you hanging on like this, it's not fair to you…or your kids.\" \"Alex doesn't know about the baby yet?\" \"I know, but Quinn does and she gives me those same sympathetic looks you do. You've been so understanding and I…I just wish I had an answer for you now.\" \"You'll give me one when you're ready, I told you I wouldn't rush you and I won't, please don't feel bad because you feel like you're keeping me waiting, I can be patient.\" \"Thank you.\" \"Come here.\" Sean wrapped his arm around Elsie as they leaned back against the couch, her head on his shoulder as he placed a warm kiss to her head. … Specs and Tucker were at Elise's house, getting some equipment, Tucker coming up from the basement with a couple of camera's in his arms as he made his way into the front room to see Specs sitting on the sofa, his mind clearly preoccupied. \"I think I got everything we need? Specs…buddy..HEY.\" Specs looked up at his friends, an annoyed look on his face. \"What?\" \"I said I think I got us everything we needed from downstairs.\" \"Oh…good, thanks.\" Tucker rolled his eyes, before putting the camera's on the table and taking a seat. \"What's up with you, you've been quiet ever since we dropped off Elise?\" \"I was just thinking that's all?\" \"About Elise?\" \"Mmmm, I just can't believe it you know, a baby.\" \"Yup, it's pretty huge news. You think she'll keep the kid?\" \"I've no idea.\" \"I think it'd be pretty cool if she did, she'd make a great mom, she's always taking care of us.\" \"Pretty risky though, at her age.\" \"Oh it's okay for you to say it but when I do you…\" \"There's a difference Tucker, you said it right in front of her. You don't think before you speak.\" \"No point keeping it in, may as well get it out there.\" Specs laughed before standing up, picking up the camera's. \"Come on, we better get over to our client.\" \"You are happy for her right? Elise I mean?\" \"I want to be, but you heard her, she doesn't even know if she wants to have it or not. I don't think we can be happy about it until she's decided for herself what she wants to do.\" \"I think she'll keep it.\" \"Really?\" \"She's just shocked, and scared. Elise wouldn't get rid of her own kid.\" \"It's not always that simple Tucker, you heard what she said about risks. I don't want anything to happen to her, we need her.\" \"Yeah…let's go to work.\" … Sean was in the kitchen making dinner when he heard the front door, hearing Quinn's voice when she called out to them. \"In the kitchen sweetheart.\" \"I think she spends more time here now that she's moved out.\" Elise giggled. \"Tell me about it, I'm not complaining though.\" Elise got to her feet and over to the counter where Sean was cooking as Quinn walked in to the kitchen, a smile on her face.\" \"Hey.\" She came over to Elise, hugging her before she looked towards Sean. \"Well someone's happy?\" \"Well I took Elise's advice and I asked Blake out.\" \"Who the hell's Blake?\" \"Oh, your admirer?\" Elise asked. \"Yeah, he's so nice. I asked why he didn't ask me first, it was so sweet, he's so shy but, god he's hot.\" \"Shy, of course he is.\" Sean joked. \"Dad you haven't even met him.\" \"Speaking off, when do we get to meet him.\" \"We haven't even been out yet?\" \"That's right, and you won't until we've met him.\" \"What? Dad you can't.\" \"You may not live here but you're still my little girl and I wanna meet him Quinn, this isn't up for debate.\" \"Elise?\" Quinn asked, looking to her for help. \"Honey I'm sorry but I agree with your father.\" \"Wow, you two have been spending way to much time together, he's in your head now.\" \"Hey?\" \"Oh I'm kidding dad, fine. When?\" \"Huh.\" \"Blake, when do you wanna meet him.\" \"How about you bring him around for dinner tomorrow night.\" Elise said. \"Tomorrow, that's a bit soon.\" Sean replied. \"If you had it your way, you'd keep putting it off so that she didn't go on a date at all.\" \"She's got you there dad, okay I'll tell him to come over tomorrow night, thanks Elise.\" Elise smiled as Quinn hugged her, her smile fading when she felt a sharp pain. \"Elise…honey you okay?\" Sean asked, putting down the spoon in his hand. \"Mmmm, I'm fine. I just have to go to the bathroom, won't be a moment.\" As she left, Quinn turned to Sean, who looked as worried as she was. \"Dad, is she okay?\" \"Not sure sweetheart.\" \"I thought she was getting better.\" \"She is, it's probably nothing.\" \"Did it go okay with that client today.\" \"As far as I know.\" \"You're not still mad at her are you?\" \"Quinn it's fine, we sorted it out and I apologized for being a jackass.\" \"Yeah you were.\" \"Hey,that's…Elise.\" Quinn turned to see Elise behind her, her face pale as she looked towards Sean. Quinn placed a warm hand on her back as Sean came around to her, his hands going on either side of her arms. \"Elise what is it.\" \"I'm bleeding, Sean…the baby?\" …. To Be Continued…[Chapter 11] Readers, I am so sorry for the delay in my updates lately. I don't know what's going on with me right now. Thank you for continuing to read and thank you for all your support. … Chapter 11 … Dr. Helen Ryan looked up when she heard the familiar voice calling out for help, her features changing when she saw Sean with his arm securely around Elise as they made their way in to the hospital. \"Sean, what happened?\" \"I don't know, one minute we're talking and the next…she said she's bleeding doc?\" \"Okay, let's get her through. Can I get a wheelchair over here…NOW.\" She yells out as a nurse comes over, helping Elise in to the chair. Sean followed Helen as they wheeled Elise away to an examination room to find out what was happening to her. … Quinn sipped her orange juice, smiling when Alex came in to the room. \"No dinner yet?\" \"Erm no, change of plans. How about burgers instead?\" \"Pizza?\" \"Pizza? Okay, come on them. Just go grab your jacket while I make a quick call.\" Alex did as he was told, while Quinn dialled the familiar number. \"Yup?\" Said the voice on the other end. \"Hey Specs, it's Quinn?\" \"Oh hey, everything okay?\" \"Where are you?\" \"Oh, we're still at the crazy broads house. Elise said keep her happy so, we're keeping her happy. Why? What's up?\" \"Look I don't want to worry you or anything but Dad's had to take Elise to the hospital.\" \"Jesus, what happened?\" \"We don't know yet, she said she was bleeding. I just thought I should let you know.\" \"Which hospital?\" \"South State, but look there's no point going over there, not until we know more.\" \"We have about another hour with Mrs Drake, I might drop in on the way home, just in case.\" \"I don't think there's much you can do though Specs and I…\" \"She's our family Quinn, all due respect…it's my decision.\" \"Right, yeah sorry I didn't mean too…\" \"Don't worry about it, if anything happens before then…let us know yeah?\" \"Of course, talk to you later.\" As Quinn hung up the phone, she turned to see Alex watching her. \"Oh hey, you ready to go?\" \"What's wrong with Elise?\" \"Oh…I erm, well she. Come on, let's go get that pizza and I'll fill you in little brother.\" … Sean stood outside the room while Helen examined Elise, he felt like he'd been stood outside for hours, worry filling him at the thought of her losing the baby before she'd even made a proper decision. \"Sean?\" Sean heard the voice, looking up to see Helen smiling at him. \"You're smiling, it's not bad news then?\" \"Why don't you come inside, and I can talk to you both.\" Sean entered the room, to see Elise sitting up on the bed, looking a lot more calmer than she had previously. He made his way over to her, placing a kiss to her lips before taking hold of her hand. \"So doc, what happened, is she okay?\" \"Elise will be just fine, the small amount of pain you were experiencing is known as implantation bleeding. It's basically bleeding that occurs when the fertilized egg implants itself in to the lining of the uterus. It normally happens around the time you would have been due your period, does the time sound about right?\" She asked, looking at Elise. \"Yes, it sounds right.\" \"I know you said you had a little pain, you haven't been over doing things have you?\" \"No I…\" Sean cleared his throat, causing a look from Elise. \"Please telling me you haven't been working?\" Helen asked. \"Well she did go to…\" \"I went to talk to a client who wasn't happy with my associates dealing with her, I went to calm her that was all. I was in and out in half an hour if that, it was nothing.\" \"Complete rest means complete rest Elise, just for a few weeks. Little walks are okay but nothing to strenuous?\" \"Fine.\" \"Now, I was wondering is you would mind me doing just a quick ultrasound, just to be 100%.\" \"You mean…see the baby?\" She asked, a little apprehensive. \"You don't have to look at the screen, I can always turn it away. I just want to ease my own mind.\" \"You don't have to look Elise.\" Sean said, smiling down at her. \"No, no it's okay. Maybe it's time I did.\" \"Are you sure?\" Helen asked. \"I'm sure.\" \"Okay then, just lie back down for me and we'll get started. Elise lay back as she waited for Helen to begin the ultrasound, feeling the cold gel as it came in to contact with her skin, willing herself not to move or make any kind of noise. She felt Sean tighten his hold on her hand as he took a seat with his free hand and sat down by her side. At first she didn't say or do anything, couldn't hear anything. Helen wasn't speaking but she could see her from the side f her eye, looking towards the monitor, which began to worry her, perhaps something was wrong after all and she was trying to find the words to tell her. Elise eventually gave in to her own curiosity and turned her head towards Helen. \"Is something wrong, I can't hear anything?\" She asked, the worried tone evident in her voice. \"Nothing is wrong Elise, in fact, everything is just as it should be. Would you like me to put the sound on?\" Elise felt her self nod her head at the question, which surprised even her, her breath catching in her throat when she heard the light sound of the heartbeat. \"Should it be that soft.\" She asked. \"It's still very early, you are only nine weeks remember.\" \"But it's okay?\" Sean asked. \"The baby's fine, nothing at all to worry about.\" Helen smiled towards the couple. Sean looked at Elise to see her eyes fixed on the screen. \"Is that it?\" She asked, pointing at the screen. \"Do you see that small oval looking blob on the screen, down to your right.\" Helen asked, pointing at the image. Elise nodded her head as Sean looked on. \"Well that's it Elise, that's the baby.\" Elise tuned to Sean, a hint of tears in her eyes. \"Look Sean.\" She whispered. \"I'm looking.\" He smiled as he kissed the top of her head. \"That's it…that's our baby.\" She smiled. … To Be Continued…[Chapter 12] Chapter 12 … Alex took another slice of pizza and placed it in his mouth, chewing for a few moments before taking a big gulp of his coke. He looked up at his big sister who was watching him with a smile on his face. \"So, what do you think?\" Quinn asked the young boy. \"I dunno, I mean…it's weird. Isn't she like, too old to be having babies?\" \"Oh well erm, some might think so but well…sometimes these sort of things happen unexpectedly in life to people and…you just have to make the best of it.\" \"So are dad and Elise getting married?\" \"Wow, I have no idea but you know maybe someday. Would you be okay with that?\" \"I don't see why not, I like her…she's cool.\" \"Yeah she is, isn't she.\" Quinn smiled. \"So this little bother or sister, that means I get to boss them around right?\" \"What, no…of course not. Why would you think that?\" \"Well you boss me around, you said it's because you're older. So I'll be older than this baby brother or sister which means I get to boss them around.\" \"Okay, so you've clearly been thinking a lot about this.\" \"When is she having it?\" \"It'll be a while yet, do me a favour though little brother. Don't mention to Elise or dad that I told you.\" \"Why?\" \"Just, let them tell you when they're ready okay, please.\" \"How much?\" \"Huh.\" \"How much will you give me not to say anything.\" \"Oh my god, you're blackmailing your own sister?\" \"Yup.\" He grinned. \"Nice, okay hang on.\" Quinn went in to her purse and brought out some money before passing it to Alex. \"Twenty bucks do it?\" \"I can work with that.\" \"Twirp, hurry up and finish your pizza, we gotta get back.\" … Elise and Sean walked down the corridor, Elise clutching the black and white picture in her hand, a small smile on her face as Sean's arm was securely around her waist. \"So, it's quite something isn't it?\" Sean spoke up. \"Mmmm?\" \"The baby.\" Elsie stopped walking, turning to look up at Sean who didn't know whether to be happy or not. \"I'm sorry Sean.\" \"For what?\" \"Taking so long to make my decision.\" \"I told you in the beginning, I wouldn't rush you. I just want to be sure that you are absolutely sure this is truly what you want.\" \"I am now, seeing our baby on that screen, how could I ever have thought about not having it, how could you have ever forgiven me if I hadn't.\" \"Elise listen to me, at the end of the day…all I ever wanted was you and you alone, this baby was an added bonus and yes, I'm so happy that you've decided to have it but I never would have hated you or resented you if your decision had been a different one.\" Sean held on to Elise before he leaned down and kissed her. \"I love you, and I will always love you. I'm so glad that you came in to my life, and the kids, and we'd always be there with you, baby or no baby.\" … Specs and Tucker rushed down the corridor, slowing down when they saw Sean and Elise in and embrace. \"ELISE?\" Elise looked up when she heard Specs call out, seeing the two younger men running towards her. As they approached, Specs wrapped his arms around her, hugging her tightly. \"Are you okay?\" He asked. \"Mmmm fine, a little trouble breathing right now but I…\" \"Oh god sorry.\" He stepped back to see Elise smiling up at him and Tucker. \"I'm okay boys.\" \"Quinn called, she said you were bleeding. We came down as quickly as we could. \"I'm okay, according to my doctor it's normal and nothing to worry about.\" \"It's not because of earlier then, us dragging you to see our client?\" \"No, nothing like that.\" \"She does need to start taking things easier for a while though.\" Sean stated. \"Yeah of course, and we'll take care of the business…you won't have to worry about all that.\" \"You're good boys.\" \"So wait, they already knew about the baby?\" Sean asked. \"I told them this morning when we went out, I'm sorry.\" \"No don't be, I'm glad they know. I guess there's only one person left to tell now.\" \"The minute we get home.\" She smiled. \"How do you think he'll take it?\" \"Knowing Alex, he'll be just fine.\" … Quinn and Alex were in the living room when they heard the front door, Alex focused on the tv, while Quinn put down her phone. \"Dad?\" \"Yeah it's us honey.\" Elise and Sean came through as Quinn got to her feet, seeing the smile on Elise's face. \"Well, is everything okay?\" \"Everything's fine honey.\" Elise smiled as she hugged Quinn. \"Oh thank god, but the pain?\" \"Apparently normal and nothing to worry about.\" \"Listen I'm sorry but I called Specs and Tucker and told them what had happened, I wasn't thinking about you not having told them and I…\" \"It's fine, actually I told them this morning when we went out so it was fine.\" \"Oh thank god, I thought I might have dropped you in it. I was just worried.\" \"Well thank you for caring.\" Elise said, wrapping her arm around her. \"Hey kiddo, you wanna turn off the tv for a minute. Elise and I need to talk to you?\" Sean stated. Alex did as he was asked, before turning around to see Elise and Sean watching him closely. \"I already know dad?\" \"Huh?\" \"The baby, Quinn told me.\" \"Oh did she?\" \"Yeah sorry dad, I figured I'd better fill him in than have him worry.\" Elise came and sat on the edge of the table, her attention on Alex as she smiled. \"So Alex, how do you feel about it, the idea of another baby around the house. Are you okay with that?\" \"Sure I guess but Quinn said you might not have it so…\" \"Quinn.\" Sean warned. \"I didn't want to get his hopes up, I mean we didn't know if…\" \"It's okay Quinn, really. I made my decision today.\" \"You did?\" She got up from the table, taking Alex hand and coming over to Quinn before bringing out the scan and passing it to Quinn who smiled when she saw it. \"Oh my god, is that it?\" She asked. \"That's it kids, that's your new brother or sister.\" \"You guys, I'm so happy for you.\" Quinn smiled as she hugged both Elise and her father. \"Just so long as this baby doesn't pick on me like she does.\" Alex stated. Elise beginning to laugh as Sean placed a kiss to her cheek. … To Be Continued…[Chapter 13] Chapter 13 … Elise and Sean in the kitchen cooking dinner, Tucker and Specs were in the living room watching the TV, while Alex was in his room on his computer when Quinn walked in, looking up as she held out her hand. \"What?\" He asked. \"You know what little brother, I want my Twenty bucks back.\" \"No way, we had a deal?\" \"Yeah, the deal was that you'd keep your mouth shut until dad and Elise told you but you didn't, you blabbed and dropped me in it you twerp, hand it over.\" \"Awww man.\" He grumbled as he dug in to his trouser pocket, bringing out the money and shoving it in Quinn's hand. \"Thank you.\" \"You're a horrible sister, you know that?\" \"Right back at you little brother.\" She grinned as she left the bedroom, the door closing behind her. Quinn made her way through to the kitchen, rolling her eyes when she saw Sean with his arms around Elise's waist as she chopped up some vegetables. \"You two need to get a room.\" She joked as she took a seat at the counter. \"Sorry honey.\" Sean smiled. \"It's okay, I'm just messing with you. It's nice to see you both smiling.\" Elise stopped what she was doing, releasing herself from Sean's arms and coming around to Quinn. \"I'm sorry you've had to keep a lot of this to yourself recently, I shouldn't have asked so much of you sweetie.\" \"No, don't be silly. I was happy to do it, you're family now Elise.\" \"And Alex, is he really okay with all of this, the baby, your dad and me?\" \"Seriously, don't worry about Alex. It doesn't take much to please him.\" \"Good, I just wanted to be sure.\" \"Quinn honey, you wanna take some beers through to Specs and Tucker?\" Sean spoke up. \"Sure.\" Quinn got up, hugging Elise before taking the beers from Sean and leaving the room. Sean came around to Elise, bringing her closer to him. \"I know what you're going to say, stop worrying al the time.\" \"You don't know that?\" \"Sean?\" \"Yeah okay, that is what I was gonna say, and for good reason. Everyone in that room through there is over the moon for us, they're not judging you.\" \"I know.\" \"So stop worrying about every little thing and lets just concentrate on the fact that we're having a baby.\" Elise looked up at him, smiling before she felt him lean in, kissing her. \"I love you.\" She smiled. \"I love you too, both of you so much.\" \"Come on, we better get dinner ready for this lot.\" \"I'll get the meat in the oven.\" ... 5 Months Later … Elise came through from the front room, a look of worry on her face as Sean looked up from fixing the lead on the iron. \"You okay honey?\" \"I just realised something?\" \"Okay, what's that then?\" \"We have nothing for this baby.\" \"Well I didn't think you wanted to get stuff until we were decided on where we were staying. You're still undecided about whether you want to stay here or we move in to your house or if you want something completely new, I have brought it up a few times but you've always deterred me from the subject, I just assumed you weren't ready.\" \"Well I'm ready, this baby will be here in another couple of months and we're not prepared.\" Sean heard the panic in her voice, getting up and taking her hand in his as he guided her over to the kitchen table. \"Do you want to go back home, Alex isn't fussy where he is, Quinn's a university, if you want to move back in to your place then that's fine with us.\" \"No, there's too many memories there of my husband, and the spirits, some of the things that have gone on in my house. I don't want children there.\" \"Okay, so we find a new place. A family home, somewhere to start fresh, yeah?\" \"Are you sure you don't mind, I mean this is your home, and the kids. I don't want to force you all to pack up.\" \"It was our home, it hasn't been since their mom died. Maybe it's time for a fresh start, for all of us.\" \"Your sure.\" Sean leaned over and kissed her, placing his hand on the baby, as Elise covered his. \"I'm sure, we can start tomorrow if you want?\" \"I'd love that, can we just run it by Quinn and Alex first.\" \"Elise, I already told you they….\" \"I know, I just would feel better.\" \"Sure, we'll tell them tonight, okay.\" \"Fine.\" She smiled. … Quinn and Alex were seated at the table, across from Sean and Elise, Alex eating his Chinese, while Quinn kept her eye on Elise and Sean, seeing the strange looks they kept giving one another. \"Okay you two…what gives?\" \"What do you mean sweetheart?\" Sean asked. \"Well you very rarely let us have Chinese food, unless it's our birthday or you have some bad news or you're buttering us up for something, so what is it?\" Elise coughed, taking a sip of water before turning to Sean. \"Maybe we should ask them now?\" \"Yeah I think so.\" \"Ask us what?\" Alex asked. \"How would you kids feel, if we were to find a new place to live.\" \"Move?\" Quinn asked. \"Yeah, well I mean…the baby will be here in a couple of months and this place isn't big enough.\" \"What about Elise's place?\" \"I don't really want to go back there, too many memories. I was thinking about letting the boys stay there, they're there most of the time anyway. If I rent it to them, I can make money from it.\" \"So you mean a completely new place?\" Quinn asked. \"Yeah, somewhere to start fresh, with our new addition.\" \"Kids, if you don't want to then just say. I know this had been your family home for many years, this is where you grew up with your mom. We don't want to do anything that doesn't feel right for you.\" Elise said. \"It's fine with me, as long as I get my own room.\" Alex added. \"No worries buddy.\" Sean smiled. \"What about you Quinn?\" \"Well, I mean yeah this is where we grew up with you and mom but, she's gone now. Mom's where ever we are right?\" \"That's right sweetheart.\" \"Then it's fine with me too.\" \"Are you sure honey?\" Elise asked. \"Yeah, I'm sure.\" \"Well, good…that's settled then, we'll start looking tomorrow.\" Sean took Elise's hand, squeezing it gently before he kissed her as Quinn and Alex returned to their dinner. … To Be Continued…[Chapter 14] Chapter 14 … The next morning Sean had gone out to get the morning papers, circling houses that he thought Elise would like, she came though just after 9am to see Sean at the table. \"Morning.\" She smiled. \"Hey, you're up. How did you sleep?\" Elise poured herself some tea before coming over to join Sean at the table. \"Not too great.\" \"Your back again?\" \"Mm-mm.\" \"Come here.\" Elise got up and sat next to Sean on the bench, her back to him as he massaged the knots in her back, letting out a small groan as he hit the problem areas. \"That feels so good.\" She sighed. \"I'm sorry you're not getting enough sleep, why don't we look for a better mattress while we're out today?\" \"Oh Sean, a new mattress won't make any difference. It's just this one.\" She smiled, as her hand went to the baby. Elise's eyes drifted to the papers Sean was looking at, seeing a few houses circled. \"What's all this?\" She asked, as she turned around, leaning in to him. \"Well, I thought I'd get a head start on the house hunt. I circled a few that might interest you. I thought we could go and see some today if you're up to it.\" \"Why not.\" \"You still want too, don't you. I mean there's no rush?\" \"No, today sounds good. I'll just go and grab a quick shower and then we can go.\" \"Yeah?\" \"Yes.\" Elise leaned in and kissed him, before getting up and heading to the bathroom. … The first house they looked at, both Elise and Sean were unimpressed with the place, there was barely enough room to swing a cat, let alone accommodate five people. The next house which was situated in Sherman Oaks was certainly big enough, five bedrooms, two bathrooms but Sean could tell that Elise wasn't happy. He came over to her when they were inspecting the kitchen, his arms going around her waist as his chin landed on her shoulder. \"You hate the place, don't you?\" \"It's not that I hate it, I mean it's certainly big enough for all of us.\" \"So what is it?\" \"It's just so…white.\" \"Okay, so you don't like it. We'll find somewhere else.\" \"But you like it.\" \"It's what you want Elise.\" She turned around in his arms, looking up at him with a smile. \"No Sean, our home has to be somewhere we both love, not a place just to please the other person. It has to be both our decision, deal?\" \"Deal, come on. Let's go and check out some others.\" He took tight hold of her hand as they left the house, getting in the car and driving off. … They drove over to San Fernando, stopping outside. When Elise stepped out of the car, the marble brickwork on the front of the house spoke to Elise immediately. Sean came up beside her, seeing the smile on her face. \"Well I'm gonna take that smile as a good sign?\" \"Oh Sean, it's beautiful.\" \"Well why don't we look inside first huh?\" Elise nodded as Sean took her hand, the pair heading inside to look around. When they opened the door, they stepped in to the brightly lit hallway, walking on, the dining room was to the left of them, the kitchen a few metres through. Elise entered the kitchen, light brown cupboards, wooden flooring throughout the downstairs. \"You like this kitchen, I can tell.\" \"Sean it's beautiful, it's more me.\" \"It is beautiful.\" \"You're not just saying that because I like it?\" \"Of course not, it's lovely. Let's go and look at the front rooms.\" Elise followed Sean thorough. The front room had marble brickwork surrounding the fireplace, a rug just in front of it. The room was light and airy with a wood ceiling above them. \"We haven't even been upstairs yet and already I love it.\" She smiled. \"Well that is a very good sign. Let's go upstairs then.\" As they made their way up, they inspected each of the four bedrooms, while two were a little smaller than the others, they both agreed they'd manage. \"Alex doesn't need much space, as long as he has his computer games, he's fine.\" \"And the baby won't need a big room either.\" Elise said. \"So just Quinn, but what's new there.\" He joked. \"And there is open space downstairs, we could always make that in to a playroom, Alex for his games and somewhere for this ones toys and things.\" \"See, it's already working out.\" \"Why don't we go and inspect the garden?\" She smiled. \"Lead the way.\" … They made their way down to the garden, decking just outside the back door, a few feet away from there, a garden big enough for everyone to enjoy, and a pool just at the end of the garden. \"Well I know where Quinn will be taking up residence.\" Sean laughed. \"The pool?\" \"Pretty much, so…what do you think?\" Elise turned, Sean's arms going around her. \"I think…I want this house.\" \"Yeah?\" \"Yes.\" \"Me too.\" He smiled as he leaned down and kissed her. \"We better go and put an offer in then.\" \"Lets go.\" … To Be Continued… ","Summary":" Life Unexpected Chapter 1 … Sean had just finished loading the dishwasher when he heard the front d"}]