[{"Movie":"Daybreakers","Title":"Dawnbreaker","Author":"elderfan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11362204","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter one: Routine Duties I raced through the roads, bright lights installed to the top of my car, illuminating the entire area in darkness full of shadows. I had been chasing a subsider, a beast of what formally used to be a human, then turned into a vampire, then after weeks of their dying thirst for blood that had been unsatisfied, turned into a savage. Subsiders are beasts of the most dangerous of vampires, who hide all day in the shadows, never sleep, never do anything but search for the next chance at quenching their thirst. Once they've become a subsider, there is no going back, not until their bodies burst into flames. The longer their bodies go without blood to drink, the more their bodies turn into a walking bat-like human figure. Their arms will eventually grow wings, their skin grew more winkled and slim to their bones. Their teeth rotted, most hair had fallen out, and their eyes grown darker. A subsider would look like your most old and ugly grandmother. I chased the subsider through the road, through fields of died out plants and grass on a property of an old farm, it had become a powerful creature over time the longer it had gone without blood, that it's speed had improved and outrunning a car. The bright and burning light forced the subsider into an escape of urgency, until I stopped my car near the farmhouse as it had fled inside. The black Chrysler 300 I drove probably would've caught up to it, but this car was not built off of speed. It had been built for a good, smooth drive, for the good looks, and for me, it had been built to shelter myself under sun, back when I was a vampire myself. I've gotten out, holding my crossbow, the house had been old, a little rundown, and needed some repairs. It was abandoned, maybe a family had lived here before the outbreak when our world had changed into a planet full of vampires. \"You ready?\" I asked Audrey, my partner. \"Always been ready, Edward. Let's do this.\" She shut her door. Both myself and Audrey had been a subsider hunter, our job was to rid the world of the beasts that continue to walk this earth, with no intention of turning back to human. They were given their chance to humanity once, but half of the world refused, while the other half had gladly accepted over the past 5 months since we've found a cure. The cure was the sun, and vampire blood. To turn yourself back to human, you had to test your limits to sun exposure over and over until eventually it stopped burning you. After that, your blood runs throughout your body, your heart beats, but your blood still remains the same as vampire. Once another vampire bites you and sucks onto your blood, the blood that is now inside them refuses to satisfy their thirst, and with a painful return, they are turned back to human. Both of us neared the house cautiously, crossbows ready to fire an arrow of wood, the only weapon that can kill a vampire other than the sun. The door had already been broken open, inside was complete darkess, too dark to see. I zipped open my backpack, pulled out a flare, lit it up and threw it inside. The room inside had lit up a little, but not enough, so I threw another one to the darker side of the room as we stepped in. We aimed our crossbows, ready to fire at any sign of movement. Turning on our flashlights, we had full visual of the entire living room. A few corpses had been laid out on the floor, their skin had long ago been deteriorated. All the furniture in the room had been dusty. \"Over there.\" Audrey said, pointing her crossbow. There was another door leading into the next room. We aimed our flashlights in the direction of the door and slowly walked closer. The entire house had been completely silent, no sounds at all. I moved near, slowly, then our ears rung when a few bats screeched and flew out the room. Both of us had ducked a little and used our crossbows to try and hit them but they had escaped the house. Silence fell again, we looked at each other to confirm none of us had been bitten, then turned our attention back to the room. Right there and then, another loud screeching along with the subsider running out to attack us, I fired an arrow and it pierced it's shoulder, missing it's unbeating heart, then it knocked my weapon out of my hands. The subsider had come on me, I fell back and it got on top of me trying to bite me, I used all my human strength to keep it back, then it threw it's head back in pain. The area where it's heart had been began to light up, and I pushed it off then kicked it back, the subsider burst into flames then it's existence had been gone. Audrey stood about 5 feet behind where the subsider was, holding her crossbow. I looked up at her, she gave me an assuring look, one that confirmed that we were safe. \"Thanks.\" I said. \"Not a problem. Were you bit?\" She asked, then approached me to give me a hand then pulled to help me up from the floor. \"No, I'm alright. Without you, then I would've been bit.\" \"Ah, then I guess you really do need me.\" \"More than you think. Let's get back to headquarters, Elvis will be waiting to hear our daily report.\" \"Let's go.\" She said. We left the house, there had been nothing there for us any longer, my Chrysler had been waiting for our return near the road. Both of us got in the car then drove away. 5 months ago, we had discovered the cure to the world of vampires, we had formed a revolution group called \"The Cure\", built off of humans that were formally vampires, and our job is to invite every vampire a chance to turn back to their original bodies. Some refused, some accepted, but we try and make sure everyone knows that we are here to change the world. After months, our group had expanded and we traveled to several other cities to perform more base of operations. Eventually the group had expanded so large we traveled over seas to other countries to continue helping this world cure itself of vampirism. There were vampires who had the choice change back, and once they refused, they will eventually turn into a subsider from the lack of their blood thirst. We made sure every turned human stay in large groups, and were offered a crossbow if they had been attacked. We made sure all humans turnt had stayed hidden from vampires to find, so that these vampires may turn into a subsider, and once we find them, we kill them. Sometimes we try and communicate with the subsiders while they have a chance for choice of becoming human ago, but for them, it's far too late. Their mortality had been long gone, and their humanity had been gone after they turned into a bloodlusting savage. Racing back to headquarters, we eventually left the fields and the suburbs of leftover houses that still stood, but had been abandoned. My car had been the only revving engine through the streets of the city, vampires here and there tried to chase, but we drove past them. We eventually approached a building where our headquarters had been, I pulled up my car in the driveway beside an intercom. It had a several holes joined in a full circle, and beside it a black button, I pressed it. \"State your business.\" A voice had said over the intercom. \"Edward Dalton and Audrey Bennett reporting back to headquarters. Codes 583469 and 581472. Confirm?\" \"Confirmed. Welcome back.\" The voice said, then the door before us had opened up, rising from the bottom. Above the entrance, a flag of a blood drop, with two crossing hypodermic needles behind the blood drop to signify the cure of vampirism. This flag represented us, and each base of operations around the world had been well protected and guarded. I drove in to meet our boss, who had been waiting for us to receive our report, then that will end our day. The next day after, we continue a routine, along with several others who joined The Cure and had been willing to help make a differene in this world. After I parked the car, and got out, I looked at another flag that had been posted on the wall. Underneath the logo, small words were imprinted onto the flag; We have a cure. We can change you back. It's not too late. I smirked, because for some others, it had been far too late. ","Summary":" Chapter one: Routine Duties I raced through the roads, bright lights installed to the top of my car"},{"Movie":"Daybreakers","Title":"Never Good at Being Human","Author":"RissaRW","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11147956","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't take any credit for the concepts or characters. This is purely fanfiction, written for fun. A peek into the mind of Frankie D. This explores scenes from the movie and also overlaps my other fanfiction, The Ultimate Betrayal, as Frankie mulls over his existence. Thanks and enjoy :) \"Do you like being a vampire, son?\" CEO Bromley questioned, as he approached casually to perch on the edge of his desk. His eyes peered down at me, where I sat in the high backed chair trying to hide my discomfort. Under his scrutiny, I knew it was wise to mask my unease. Beneath the curiosity, there resided suspicion. My brother had raised many eyebrows when he helped those humans escape. So far, his actions were classified information undisclosed to the public- if only to preserve the reputation of the company. Right now, it was my turn to be interrogated, and to try to clean up my brother's mess. \"Yes, sir,\" I responded, glancing up at him with an innocent expression. \"Why?\" he asked, tilting his head while he studied me. He watched my reaction, looking for any sign of hesitation or weakness. I dropped my eyes for a brief moment, mulling over the question, while Bromley continued to express his suspicions. Ever casual and gracious, he said, \"Your brother doesn't seem to approve. I wonder if that's a common trait in your family.\" When I glanced back up, I saw his calculating gold eyes narrow ever so slightly. Even as a vampire myself, the intensity of his stare almost unraveled my military composure. I had to suppress a shudder and as his question stirred up conflicting emotions, I swallowed the lump forming in my throat. Memories from before the outbreak bullied their way into my conscious thoughts, reminding me why I made the change in the first place. Loud music blared from my headphones, effectively destroying whatever rational thought that might have worked its way into my alcohol-soaked mind. I laid there on the couch and ignored the wreck I had made when I came home. The coffee table was broken, chairs in the kitchen were overturned, and all kinds of books and various objects littered the carpet. The mess was almost poetic, in its contrast to the magazine-ready perfection the place had been in before I arrived. I forgot to give a damn that it wasn't even really my house. I didn't hear the door open. I didn't hear anything but the heavy drums and screeching guitar blasting in my ears. But a hand grabbed my shoulder and I snapped my eyes open to see Ed, his normally-cool blue eyes fierce in his fury. He was saying something, but his words were drowned out. Smirking, I lifted my headphones from my ears. \"What?\" I asked loudly. \"I can't hear you.\" Ed pressed his lips together and tore away from me, walking away. He didn't leave the room, though. He looked around with his hands thrown up, unable to believe what he was seeing. \"What the hell is this?\" \"A messy house. You should think about getting a maid, bro.\" Ed turned to fix me with a hard look, not at all amused.\"You think this is funny? You're so childish, Frankie,\" he said, shaking his head and running a hand through his hair, exasperated. He reigned in his anger to look at me, practically begging for an answer as he asked, \"Why did you do this?\" To be honest, I had a meltdown. I got into a fight with an asshole customer at work, and my boss fired me on the spot. I left before I did something that would put me in prison, and took my anger out on Ed's house, mostly the living room and kitchen. It was my bad, but I wasn't about to admit that. I just ignored my brother, chewing the inside of my cheek to stop myself from confiding in him. As he stood there in the wreckage of the living room, he looked out of place; his neatly-combed hair, spotless dress shirt and even his anger was well-groomed, contained. He was everything I wasn't. And at the time, I hated him for it. \"Frankie, talk to me, please,\" Ed persisted, taking a step closer. \"I'm here for you, if you would just say something.\" \"Just leave me alone,\" I snapped, standing up from the couch. I shouldered past him on my way for the door, but he caught my arm. \"I know what happened today. I know why you're angry-\" \"No, you don't know anything,\" I spat, tearing my arm from his grasp. Instead of walking away, I stepped closer, on the offensive. \"You're just so damn perfect! How can you know how I feel?\" He tensed defensively, intimidated by my aggression, but didn't back away. He braved my smoldering glare, as he attempted to reason with me. \"I'm just trying to help you-\" I felt like a teenager again, but I might as well have been. Even at twenty years old I had nothing to show for myself. And Ed was a college chemistry professor, a walking definition for success and even though he had never been the kind of brother to belittle me, just standing there was enough to make me feel inferior. \"I don't want your help! Alright? Just get off my back. You're not Dad!\" \"You think Dad would be proud of you right now? Look at yourself! Frankie, please-\" Whatever he was going to say next, I never knew. My temper boiled over and before I could stop myself, my fist connected with the side of his face. The right hook knocked him out cold and he fell sideways, almost landing in the broken glass on the hardwood. A dark bruise formed on his chin. Guilt compelled me to pick his limp body up, dragging him to the couch where I carefully set him down. I wanted to apologize, but I was too ashamed to face him when he came to. I left, retreating like a coward, leaving him in the wake of my destruction. By the time I worked up the guts to look him in the eyes again, I arrived in my army uniform to visit one last time before heading off to boot camp. Joining the army was the only noteworthy decision I ever made as a human... Snapping back to the present, I was all too aware of the prying eyes peering down at me. The remorse and self-disgust haunting my eyes quickly faded as I composed myself. My words were spoken quietly, careful not to reveal any trace of uncertainty. \"I'm good at this. I was never very good at being human, sir...and I'm not my brother,\" I added the last part to stress my loyalty to the company, assuring him I would continue to serve and fulfill my duties. As I said the words, I hoped the CEO of Bromley Marks was more convinced than I was. Impressed by my reporting Ed's meeting with those two human rebels, he deemed me trustworthy. Part of me wondered if that was actually a bad thing; a reflection of my character in a not so flattering light. I was careful not to reveal that self-doubt, in the presence of the man who could very easily have me executed if he suspected disloyalty. After I was dismissed, I walked down the hall in a detached state of mind. My boots found their way through the building while my thoughts inevitably led to the brother I had betrayed, more than once. As guilt plagued me, dogging my every step, I became angry. At myself. At Ed. At the whole godforsaken world. Why did I have to feel like this? I thought I was good at being a vampire, but apparently I was wrong. I didn't know who I was anymore. But I did know one thing for sure; I was thirsty for blood. That, at least, I could rely on. The craving for pure, undiluted human blood. My tongue naturally ran over my fangs at the thought. Soon, I would be dispatched with the others to intercept a group of humans spotted heading along the river not too far from the city. Until then, I had nowhere to be. With nothing to distract me, I found myself dwelling on the guilt that had been festering for years. No matter how hard I tried, I always screwed up. Somehow, I never failed to disappoint Ed. Why was it, every time I thought I was doing the right thing, I only ended up hurting him? He sided with the humans, which shouldn't have surprised me. He never got over what I did to him, almost nine years ago... Warmth radiated against my chest, seeping into my cold skin like the sunlight I would never feel again. With my arms wrapped around a battered and broken Ed, I held him as tight as I could without crushing him. My dead heart already ached with guilt, as I anticipated what I was about to do. While his guard was still down, I knelt on the cushion beside him and braced a hand against the arm of the couch. The change in my posture intimidated him, because he sank further into the cushions and quivered a bit, like a cornered animal. The effort he made to contain his fear was clear in his voice, as he asked cautiously, \"Are you alright?\" \"No,\" I told him stiffly. There was no reason to lie. \"What's wrong?\" I resisted the urge to laugh harshly. Everything was wrong. The bullshit the public was fed through the news, about humans having no need to be concerned over vampires replacing their politicians... it was all lies. There wasn't going to be peace. Call it evolution or the freaking apocalypse, there was no stopping what came next. Vampires were taking over, and humans had two choices; turn, or become cattle. And Ed was too damn stubborn to assimilate. He was going to get himself killed. That much was made clear to me, after I witnessed him being ripped out of his car, almost ending up a meal. The vampire would have devoured him and left him there on the side of the road, without an ounce of remorse. For such a genius, my brother was an idiot. Parking on the side of the road, at night, knowing about all the vampire attacks- it was like he had a death wish. He wouldn't survive in the new world. \"I can't let you do it,\" I said, the words slipping out before I could stop them. I watched tears fall from the tip of my nose onto his ruined shirt. When I lifted my head, fixing an intent stare on him, he raised his arm defensively. All the trust he had displayed after inviting me for a hug vanished, once again replaced by uncertainty and fear. The way I was leaning over him obviously intimidated him. He was terrified of me, which only fuelled my determination to change him. \"You're going to get yourself killed, Ed. I won't let you do that,\" I said, without offering any further explanation. What came next would be self-explanatory. All the color drained from his face as he understood my intentions. Before I could sink my teeth in, his hand pushed against my chest and he struggled to keep me back. \"No!\" he cried, his blue eyes wide with terror. He was no match for me, even if one of his arms weren't broken. That injury was the only reason I held back, not wanting to risk causing him any unnecessary pain. I relented, only to pin his arm down and keep him from moving. In the struggle, I felt a rush of excitement, hearing the sound of his frantic heart. My eyes flew to the exposed flesh of his neck and the thirst flared up again. I hadn't fed before I followed Ed on the drive home, figuring that I would be less likely to lose the nerve. My fangs were bared and I prepared to get it over with. \"Frankie!\" Ed called in an attempt to sway me. The desperation in his voice pulled my attention to his face, and I paused to listen, if only out of respect than anything. \"Please, don't do this. I'd rather die!\" If that was supposed to convince me, he was kidding himself. 'I'm sorry, Ed,' I wanted to say, but I remained silent. Without hesitating any longer, I gripped his chin to turn his head and sank my teeth into his neck. He screamed in pain, struggling against it, making it more painful than it had to be for us both. It was too late to resist, too late to stop what had to be done. The tension of his muscles slowed the flow of blood, forcing me to bite harder, sinking my fangs deeper. I had a purpose, a reason to be doing this. That's what I convinced myself, while the predator in me took pleasure in drinking from struggling prey. When the struggling stopped, and the heart pounding in my ears slowed to a weak, erratic pace, I had to tear myself away. Standing up, I threw my head back and savored the last of the blood gathered in my mouth. The feeling was hard to describe. It was unlike eating human food, and more like shooting up a potent drug. The vampire in me wanted the high to last, but as the rush faded away I was forced to look down and face the aftermath of what I had done. Clutching at the savage wound on his neck, Ed began to convulse. He writhed there on the cushions, letting out ragged gasps and whimpers of pain as the virus took over his system. The blood suddenly terrified me. Even as traces of it still smeared my lips, seeing the blood gushing from his neck triggered a different reaction. I rushed over, desperately pressing my hand over the wound I tore with my own teeth. \"Ed, oh god, I'm sorry,\" I choked out, as I pulled him up from the pillows. I clutched him to my chest before leaning back against the other side of the couch. Blood covered my hands, and tears flooded my eyes with the fear he would bleed to death before he turned. His unbroken arm joined the other, curled up against his chest as his body jerked in my arms. His whimpering turned into screams of agony. I just held him, telling him he would be okay, begging him not to hate me. I tried to help him understand, I never meant to hurt him. I only did it to protect him. I didn't know if my words ever reached him through the pain of the change, because he never understood. When he finally fell silent- when his blue eyes changed to vampire gold, that was when I lost him... A furious snarl tore from my lips as my fist collided with the wall. Pain reverberated through my arm, but I ignored it and stared at the gaping hole that I knew would come out of my pension. \"Dalton?\" someone said. I should have winced at the realization of being caught, but instead I turned a glare on my fellow soldier, daring him to scold me. Part of my aggression subsided when I recognized the vampire who stepped around the corner, joining me in the otherwise empty hall. \"Jake,\" I greeted him glumly, pulling my fist from the wall before moving to the other side, slumping down on the bench placed there for no apparent reason other than to fill the space. There was an ashtray on the small table beside it with a few cigarette butts left there, so the employees must have used the hall as a break space away from the actual break room. Since our lungs had no real importance, being undead and all, many vampires had picked up the habit and smoked without fear of medical repercussions. I never cared for the taste. Jake perched on the bench, wisely leaving some space between us. He found out the hard way that invading my personal space when I was in a bad mood wasn't a good idea. \"Don't beat yourself up, Frankie,\" he said, glancing over at me. I refused to look at him, glaring down at the floor instead as I sat with my elbows rested on my knees. \"Who said I was?\" I shot back. \"Come on, I know you. You think you did the wrong thing, why else would you be so pissed off?\" \"Shut up, Jake. Get away from me before I punch another hole, in your head .\" My threats never affected him; he was never intimidated, or angered by it. He just sat there with his arms folded, looking at the hole I made in the wall with an unimpressed, deadpan expression. \"He made his choice, Frankie. That's on him, not you. Don't let it mess with your head; you're one of us, we need you.\" For a long moment I just sat in silence, unsure how to respond or what to think. Everything I thought made sense suddenly seemed like insanity. Right and wrong, black and white, it had all run together like someone spilled wine all over the guidelines to morality. It had all turned into unintelligible smears of grey, and the only thing that made sense was the stain of red. The color of wine; the color of blood. The tears that had blurred my vision were blinked away. The fingers I had entwined in front of my face loosened before clenching into fists, and I sat up, glaring at the gaping hole in the white wall in front of me. That hole mirrored the cold, black void where my heart should have been. All the guilt plaguing my conscience was driven away, as red replaced black and white. Blood was the only thing I understood, anymore. The thirst burning my throat became my only concern, the only thing I relied on. \"Frankie?\" I heard Jake call, reaching to touch my shoulder, concerned by my silence and tense posture. Before he could touch me, I stood up and began to walk, compelled by nothing but the promise of blood. The troops were preparing to leave, I knew; the humans weren't going to make it to their little safe haven, not if I had anything to do with it. \"Let's go,\" I told Jake tersely, before I disappeared around the corner, leaving him to stare after me in confusion. I left my guilt, my sadness, all of my humanity behind for good. After all, I was never good at being human. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't take any credit for the concepts or characters. This is purely fanfiction, writ"},{"Movie":"Daybreakers","Title":"The Ultimate Betrayal","Author":"RissaRW","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11127043","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own the characters or any concepts from the movie. Credit goes to the Spierig Brothers. Daybreakers is one of my favorite, most underrated movies. It has so much untapped potential, too. I would love to see a sequel/prequel, and even a TV series. Anyway, this is how I imagine Ed being turned, and I also wanted to go more in-depth with some brotherly moments. I decided to make it a one-shot. Thanks for reading and feel free to leave any comments :) Dusk loomed menacingly closer as the sun abandoned the world once more. Anxiously, Edward rolled his shoulders in an attempt to ease the tension. His hands ached from gripping the steering wheel too tight. Relax, we can make it , he assured himself. It took him a moment to realize he was still thinking like he wasn't alone, like he still had someone to look out for. We can make it… I always told you we'd make it, Frankie … Pent-up emotions once again flooded into his chest and solidified like tar, constricting his throat and making it hard to breathe. Edward swallowed and licked his lips, but his mouth was dry. His eyes, though, were wet. Tears he had been holding back for the past few weeks finally broke free of the dam, spilling down his cheeks. He had numbed himself for the longest time, distracting himself with his work so he had no free time to think. After suppressing the heartache for so long, Edward was finally breaking down. \"No…\" he whispered, biting his trembling lip, struggling to reign himself in. He couldn't afford to break down; at least, not until he could lock himself safely in his home to wait out the night. It wasn't safe to be out after dark these days. Despite his attempts to swallow the sobs, Edward decided to pull over before he caused an accident. As if anyone else would be crazy enough to be driving around after dark. Still, he wouldn't risk hurting someone else. Nervously, he observed his surroundings. The stretch of road wove through an expanse of woods, leading toward the suburbs where he lived. He was still a few miles away from the safety of his home. The surrounding trees were dark as the shadows took over, cowering only from the beams of his headlights as he passed before creeping back. Only an hour remained before the sun finished its descent. With dread twisting his gut, Edward took his foot off the gas—only then realizing he was speeding—and steered his car to the side of the road. Braking, he shifted the gear into park and dropped his hands limply into his lap. While he stared down at his palms, a memory drifted from the distant recesses of his brain; a ghost of the past returning to haunt him. A bittersweet moment from a life he'd never see again. The first memory was of a warm summer afternoon, walking the beach with his little brother, Frankie. At the time, Frankie was ten and Edward had recently turned nineteen. The younger boy grabbed Edward's hand, tugging him toward the waves while he awkwardly held a boogie-board under his arm. His sandy blonde hair was shaggy then, wild from hours of swimming. He was still full of energy. \"Come on, Ed! Let's see who can ride the biggest wave!\" Edward chuckled to himself as he let the smaller boy drag him along the dunes. The sand was hot beneath his feet, but he didn't mind it. Frankie loved the beach, the sun, and the waves; almost as much as he loved dragging his big brother everywhere he went. Frankie was the youngest, but he was the most outgoing. Not to mention, the pushiest. \" Wait, Frankie,\" Edward told him, resisting the smaller boy's pull, which he rarely did. \"I wanted to give you something, first.\" Frankie had started to pout when Edward resisted, but hearing those words made his big eyes light up. \"What is it?\" he asked eagerly, almost jumping up and down with excitement like an even younger child would do. Edward pulled something from the pocket of his swim-trunks, holding it up so his little brother could see. It was a shell necklace, with two shark teeth threaded among the tiny shells. Edward placed it into the younger boy's hands, smiling as he saw the joy in his eyes. \"I bought this when you weren't looking,\" he explained. \"I won't be around forever. I'm going to college, and we might not see each other as often as I'd like. Just remember, I'll always be there for you, Franklin. No matter what happens, we'll always be brothers. I love you, Frankie.\" Frankie's round eyes were sparkling as he held the necklace. When he looked up, Edward realized his eyes were flooded with tears. Before he could ask what was wrong, the younger boy threw his arms around him so tight Edward had to bite back a grunt of pain. The kid was stronger than he looked, especially when he was emotional. Instead of trying to struggle free, Edward hugged him back. He didn't say another word, he just held his little brother, treasuring the last day they had together before he left for college. The next memory that Edward relived was far less sweet. Recovering from the last fit of sobs, he covered his mouth, staring out the windshield as the last rays of sunlight died. A different kind of pain filled his chest and fresh tears stung his eyes. The sound of his backdoor creaking open made Edward jolt out of his armchair. His blue eyes widened as he stood in his living room, listening to the footsteps of the intruder who made no attempt to hide his presence. After watching all the reports from the news, detailing the numerous attacks and latest updates on the vampire outbreak, Edward was shaking. He shook so badly he almost fell over his coffee table in the scramble for his gun. He had never been the kind of man to resort to violence. He had always opted for reason instead of relying on his fists to do the talking. But, during times like these, Edward decided to invest in some protection. Still, as the gun shook in his hands, he doubted he could pull the trigger, even if someone had broken into his house… Broken in…That's what happened, right? Edward specifically remembered locking every single door and window in his home. Yet he heard nothing like someone kicking the door down. It simply opened, like someone had used a key to unlock it. Which was impossible; he kept his spare key in his car, under the dash. His car keys were in the dish on his counter, right where he always put them. The only other spare key belonged to Frankie; the estranged brother he hadn't heard from since the outbreak began. Not too long ago, Frankie had enlisted in the military. The last thing he told Edward was he and his team had been deployed to Afghanistan, where the outbreak had turned the place into not just a war-zone, but a blood-bath. An entire month had passed since Edward heard from his brother. He had no idea if Franklin was alive. Which begged the question; who was intruding in Edward's home? His wide blue eyes searched the shadows beyond the reach of the single lamp in his living room. The light barely touched the far wall, before it faded into the blackness of his kitchen. Edging his way around the wall, Edward stopped there, unable to advance any further without casting himself into the dark. He couldn't see through the thick shadow, but the hair standing up on his arms and neck told him something was lurking there. \" I…I know you're there!\" Edward finally called, breaking the silence. He pointed his gun at the shadows, trying not to shake but failing miserably. He hoped the intruder could be reasoned with. If not, he would be just another body for the news to report. \" Just get out of my house! I don't want anyone to get hurt. Please, just go, and I won't call the police!\" A scoffing sound came from the shadows, followed by a dry laugh. \"So, this is the welcome home party I get,\" a familiar voice said caustically. Edward caught his breath, hardly able to believe his ears. The sound of his little brother's voice made his heart swell, while all of the tension left his body. Letting out a shaky laugh, Edward lowered the gun he never planned to fire. While his heart still pumped adrenaline from the scare, he ran a hand through his dark hair; it was still wet from his recent shower. \" Damn it, Frankie,\" Edward scolded him with brotherly exasperation and unhindered fondness. \"You should learn how to knock on the front door, you know. Things are crazy right now.\" \" Yeah, I know. Things are crazy everywhere,\" Frankie replied with a strange, listless tone to his voice. He sounded nothing like his chipper self. \" Frankie,\" Edward said with a frown, his brows furrowing at the shadows of the kitchen. He took a step forward and leaned closer, trying to peer into the dark to get a look at his brother. Why was he lurking in the dark like that? Something about his behavior unnerved Edward, so much that he refused to take another step. He felt a lot…well, safer, in the light of the living room lamp. He knew when his brother was acting aloof, it meant something was wrong. Cautiously, he asked, \"Are you alright?\" \" Yeah, yeah…I'm just still adjusting,\" Frankie replied vaguely, his voice still holding that strange monotone, as if he was talking in his sleep. The way he said the word \"adjusting\" sent a chill through Edward. He wasn't just talking about recovering from the trauma of being in a war-zone. \" When did you get back?\" Edward asked, hating that he couldn't look his brother in the eyes after they've been apart so long. A thousand questions bounced around in his mind, all demanding answers for his own sanity. He had almost driven himself mad with worry. Many sleepless nights and wine-induced drunken stupors had wreaked havoc on his work life. He was laid off, which only gave him more time to sit in his brother's empty room upstairs, playing over every possible scenario that could explain why he hadn't heard from Frankie. After all that grief, his brother was in his kitchen, acting like he was a stranger. Frankie was silent for a long moment, only breaking his silence to heave a sigh. His hesitation meant he knew the answer would upset his big brother. At last, he said tonelessly, \"A month.\" Edward felt his jaw fall open. The answer was like a punch to his stomach. \"What?\" he choked in disbelief. His shock turned into frustration. \"You've been back…the whole time I—,\" he cut himself off. He was a loss for words and unsure if he should go into too much detail about his mental deterioration. Pressing his hand to his face, he closed his eyes and rubbed his forehead, trying to hold it together. When he calmed himself, he reached his free hand toward the dark, hoping Frankie was at least standing in front of him so he didn't look like an idiot. \" Frankie, enough hiding. Come out here and talk, please.\" \" Uh, no, I'm good right here,\" Frankie responded stubbornly, his dull voice picking up a slightly panicked tone. Edward gave him the look that told him he wasn't going to take no for an answer. \"I want to see your face. I'm not going to keep talking to the dark.\" \" I really don't think that's a good—\" \" Come out, or just leave,\" Edward interrupted, his voice becoming harsh as his patience reached its end. His hand gestured toward the back door, emphasizing his seriousness. He couldn't believe his brother was back and chose not to visit for an entire month. Edward wouldn't say it, but that hurt him. Whatever his brother went through, Edward wanted to be there to pick up the pieces. He never would've pictured his big-eyed little brother in uniform, but he supported his decision. He made Frankie promise to come to him for anything. What did he see? What did he do, that made him so ashamed he couldn't step out of the dark? \" Fine. Have it your way,\" Frankie responded with a sharp tone, clinging to his defiant attitude while inevitably submitting to his older brother. There was the sound of his boots planting on the floor as he dropped down from the counter, where he had been sitting all along. Striding forward, he finally stepped into the dim light that reached from the living room. Two golden orbs flashed in the dark, before the light illuminated a pale face. Gasping, Edward staggered backwards, compelled to retreat by pure instinctual fear. The younger man standing in his kitchen couldn't be his brother. Those weren't his brother's eyes! After the momentary panic clouding his mind passed, Edward recognized him and wished with all of his soul it wasn't his brother. He wore street clothes; a simple black t-shirt underneath a black leather jacket. The contrast only made his pale skin look paler. \" What happened to you,\" Edward asked him in dismay. If he didn't know better, if he hadn't been watching the news about all the vampire attacks, he wouldn't have believed his eyes. Actually, he still had a hard time processing it. His brother couldn't be a vampire. He couldn't be… Scoffing, Frankie turned his face away. He shook his head while a bitter smirk tugged his lips. \"I knew you'd react like this,\" he said, looking annoyed. His inhuman gold eyes glanced down toward Edward's hand, narrowing dangerously. \"You planning to shoot me?\" he asked with a grimace on his face. Edward realized he had raised his gun again without really thinking. Seeing the look on his brother's face, the hurt and the anger boiling beneath the surface, Edward dropped the gun to the carpet and held his hands up in surrender. Of course he would never shoot his little brother. \" Frankie, when did this happen? Who did this to you?\" His gold eyes fixed on Edward so intensely he had to resist the urge to back away. Shaking his head, Frankie explained, \"No one did this to me, Ed. I chose to change, alright? Jake, my bunk mate, did the honors—it was this, or end up as a snack for the insurgents. Sorry for not dying with the rest of my team.\" Edward felt his shoulders slump as he looked at his brother, noticing the fangs protruding from his gums as he spoke. A chilling thought occurred to him. Had he used those fangs on anyone, yet? Had he killed someone, had he drank their blood? \" Frankie…\" he whispered, unable to speak any louder otherwise his voice would break. He placed a foot forward, about to go pull his brother into a hug, but something stopped him. There was a cold, sick feeling in his stomach that could only be fear. Frankie hung his head, nodding while the rest of his body was tense; a clear sign he was about to break down. When he lifted his head, there were tears in his eyes. The only thing that remained of his humanity was the love he had for his brother. \"You're afraid of me. Don't lie and say you're not; I can smell it. You know, this is exactly why I stayed away. Because I knew you would hate me for this.\" Edward opened his mouth to protest, but Frankie suddenly slammed his fists against the island. The sudden movement and sound made Edward jump. His heart was pounding violently; it was impossible to quell his fear. Words failed him and he could only stare wide-eyed at his brother. \" Don't worry, Ed. I won't bother you ever again.\" Before Edward could say a word to stop him, Frankie stormed out of the room. The sound of the back door slamming made Edward flinch. Alone again, he staggered back to his armchair, slumping down. For the rest of the night, he sat there staring blankly at the wall. No tears fell from his eyes. His heart didn't ache. All he felt was an empty hole in his chest. His brother was gone. Resting his forehead against the steering wheel, Edward stared down at his clenched fists. He had been so stupid. Why didn't he go after Frankie? He should have pulled him into a hug and held him, without needing to say a single word. Frankie had come to him, hoping for the support he was promised. Instead, Edward pointed a gun at him like he was a monster. Maybe he was a vampire, but he was still his little brother. Frankie was the only family he had left in the world, and now he was gone. Edward had promised to protect him, but he failed… Glass shattered around him, interrupting his depressing thoughts. Edward cried out in alarm as he shielded his face from the glass, rendering him temporarily blind and helpless. A throaty growl came from outside the broken window as strong hands seized hold of his shoulder and arm. Snapping his eyes open, Edward had only a brief moment to study his attacker. A boy who couldn't be older than seventeen snarled at him, fangs bared and red eyes glaring at him with bloodlust. \"Shit!\" Edward cursed, struggling to push the kid off. The vampire yanked his arm in an attempt to drag him out of the car through the window. Edward fought against his strength, but his grip only tightened to the point where the bones in his forearm began to crack. A scream of pain escaped Edward, who immediately regretted the decision to not only pull over, but to unbuckle his seatbelt. The vampire kid reached in for his other shoulder, tugging him further out of the car. Lifted off his seat, Edward was already half-way out the window. He kicked his legs, trying to hook onto the steering wheel, but the vampire kid was much faster and stronger. With an animalistic shout, somewhere between a battle cry and beastly snarl, the vampire kid pulled him out of the car and threw him to the ground. Coughing as the breath was pounded from his chest, Edward couldn't move until he caught his breath. He had landed on his chest, which made his face hit the ground. Gravel cut into his cheek and brow, but the sting was nothing compared to the searing pain of his forearm. The bones weren't snapped clean, but splintered like toothpicks. The pain was blinding. Holding the injured arm to his chest, he tried to push himself up with one arm, but he didn't make it to his feet. The vampire kid pounced on him, digging one knee into his back. Edward almost fell face-first again, but managed to hold himself up. It made no difference, though; he couldn't defend himself in this position. Strong fingers grabbed hold of his hair and he cried out as his head was yanked back. The muscles in his neck were stretched tight, bringing tears of pain to his eyes. His throat was exposed and he couldn't move without injuring himself. In that moment, he felt completely hopeless. All the will to go on died and he closed his eyes, praying that the vampire would drain him completely so he wouldn't turn. He waited for the teeth to pierce his flesh, but that didn't happen. Instead, he heard the sound of three gunshots. The vampire kid screeched as the first hit him, but the second or third killed him, because he collapsed to the ground and burst into flame. Edward slumped to the ground, resting his cheek there. His eyes remained closed. He heard boots crunching across the gravel toward him, but that was the last thing he was aware of before he passed out. Groaning, Edward regained consciousness in a state of confusion. His eyes opened to dim light; a single lamp was lit, illuminating the familiar surroundings of his living room. Licking his lips to wet them, he was disappointed to find his mouth dry and the coppery taste of blood on his tongue. His lip was split, and the whole right side of his face was sore. Lifting a hand, he gingerly fingered the butterfly-stitches on his eyebrow and cheekbone. When he went to use his other arm to push himself up on the couch, the pain made his vision go black. \"Ed,\" a voice called to him through the ringing in his ears, sounding muffled and distant. Edward opened his eyes again to see his brother leaning over him, peering into his face with concerned gold eyes. A cold hand patted his good cheek, trying to keep him awake. \"Ed, don't black out again, please,\" he implored, as if the man had any control over that. \"What happened?\" he asked hoarsely, barely able to hear himself. He recalled clocking out of work and getting into his car, in a rush to beat the dusk, but after that his memory was fuzzy. Frankie heard him just fine with his vampire ears, because he avoided the question. \"Come on, I'll help you sit up,\" he said, placing a hand between his shoulder blades to push him up, while pulling his other arm. When Edward was supported by the pillows, Frankie backed off a little, giving him some space. After putting off the question, he sighed and rubbed the back of his neck. \"You were attacked,\" he answered bluntly, offering no details. Then his expression hardened as he demanded, \"What the hell were you doing, parked on the side of the road like that? After dark, of all times!\" Edward avoided his gaze, casting his eyes down to look at his arm. It was wrapped between two rods, and secured in a sling that kept it stable against his chest. His hands were covered in small cuts, triggering the memory of glass shattering around him. \"Did I go to the hospital?\" he asked instead of answering his brother's question, not entirely eager to admit he was having an emotional breakdown before the attack. Frankie folded his arms, looking a bit insulted. He scowled, clearly in a bad mood after what happened beside the road. He was disgusted with his big brother for being reckless, which was ironic. \"You think I don't know how to deal with broken bones?\" he challenged, lifting his chin as if daring Edward to question his judgement and criticize his work. The impending argument made Edward's temple throb. Sighing, he carefully rubbed his forehead and tried not to agitate his cuts. \"You saved me?\" he asked, wondering why the revelation surprised him. \"You sound so grateful,\" Frankie remarked caustically, his shoulders tensing as he battled his temper. He wore the smirk he used to mask his anger, which only made him look scarier. \"What? Should I have just let him kill you? Sorry for interrupting your suicide attempt.\" \"Suicide attempt?\" Edward repeated, shaking his head. Mulling over the words, he wondered if they were true. After all, he knew the risks of staying out at night, but in hindsight he realized he didn't care anymore. When he pulled over on that dark, lonely road, he abandoned the responsibility he had to himself to stay alive. In all honesty, Edward stopped giving a damn about himself the moment Frankie stormed out that night. \"Yeah. Why else would you stay out past sun down?\" Frankie shook his head at him, disgusted and in disbelief. Wiping his mouth, he looked away, running his hand over his close-shaved head. \"You're a mess, Ed. You think I just left and disappeared?\" he asked as he lifted his eyes from the floor, looking at his older brother with pain clear on his face. \"You think the whole month I was back before, that I didn't look out for you? Way to have faith in me, big brother. Oh, that's right—I'm a monster now, so I don't have any feelings.\" \"I don't think that,\" Edward told him quietly. Listening to how wounded his brother was, he felt like an asshole. The outbreak had reached epidemic proportions. All over the world, people were dying, and countless others were being infected and joining the ranks of vampires who wreaked havoc on the public. Just last week, Edward heard about what the media called 'mass assimilations'. Dozens of people of all ages rallied at pre-designated locations such as parks or abandoned houses; not to party, but to be turned into vampires. It was madness. During all the madness, Edward battled with his own guilt. His brother had been forced to become one of them, to survive. The world was changing at a frightening pace, and while Edward refused to let go of his humanity so easily, he feared only one thing more than turning; losing Frankie. Standing at a distance from his injured brother, Frankie was actually pouting like a sullen child. He had his hands shoved into the pockets of his pale gray hoodie, appearing casual as a defense, hiding how raw he really was. Despite how dangerous he was with a gun and the fact his fists could demolish a face, underneath his fierce military exterior his heart was bleeding. Unable to take the distance between them anymore, Edward held his one good arm out to his brother. \"Come here,\" he told him, but he didn't need to, because Frankie was already throwing his arms around him. Unlike some brothers, Edward never teased Frankie for crying. He just let him bury his face against his shoulder, not caring about the tears soaking into his shirt. \"I'm sorry,\" Edward told him quietly, giving the back of his neck a comforting squeeze. In that moment, all his anxiety vanished. He was exhausted and sick of resisting. He just wanted to close his eyes and hold his brother. \"Me too, Ed,\" Frankie replied, his voice muffled against his shoulder. Sniffling, he took a deep breath and let it out again. Vampires didn't have to breathe like humans did; it was more of a ritual, a way to express emotion, than anything. Then he dropped his cold hand from Edward's shoulder. Thinking the hug was over, Edward loosened his arms from around his brother. To his confusion, Frankie didn't pull away. Instead, he shifted his position, resting his knee on the couch beside Edward so he wasn't hunching over. He braced one hand on the arm of the couch behind Edward's head, while his forehead still rested on his shoulder. His face was tilted aside, hiding his expression. Disheartened by his strange behavior, Edward leaned slightly away to get a better look at him. \"Frankie, are you alright?\" he asked, his voice still hoarse and wavering. He needed a drink of water and a long night's sleep. \"No,\" he answered with blunt honesty. His eyes were downcast and his chin almost rested against his chest. His pensive silence, deceptively-calm stillness, and the way he loomed over Edward sent a chill crawling down his spine. Despite the cold sweat breaking across his brow, Edward did his best not to cower. If he wanted to get along with his brother, he would have to accept him for the vampire he was. Without trust, what kind of brothers would they be? Warily, he asked, \"What's wrong?\" Tears slipped from his nose onto Edward's shirt. Shaking his head, still keeping his eyes down, Frankie said in dismay, \"I can't let you do it.\" Before Edward could ask what he meant, his eyes suddenly locked onto him with fierce determination. The intensity of his stare triggered an instinctual reaction from Edward. His arm lifted up as a shield between him and his brother, the only defense he had. His eyes asked the question he couldn't force from his parched throat. Why are you looking at me like that? \"You're going to get yourself killed, Ed,\" Frankie elaborated, his intent gold stare unrelenting. Shaking his head, he narrowed his eyes and added rigidly, \"I won't let you do that.\" Those words chilled Edward as he knew exactly what it meant. His hand flew out to plant on his brother's chest, just in time to fend off a lunge. \"No!\" he cried as he struggled to push him back. The fangs bared inches from his throat were far more terrifying than the vampire kid who attacked him earlier. His worst nightmare had come to life, now that he had to fight for his humanity...against his own brother. Edward fought desperately, but he was no match for a trained soldier who never needed vampire strength to overpower him. Frankie wrestled his arm aside without breaking a sweat. If he wanted, he could just rip his arm off, but instead he pinned it to the cushion beneath them. His eyes resembled the fierce glare of a ravenous wolf, as he locked onto Edward's throat. \"Frankie!\" Edward pleaded, his expression conveying all the terror and hurt he felt. He willed his brother to look at him, to listen to reason. \"Please, don't do this. I'd rather die!\" Apparently that was the wrong thing to say, because Frankie remained silent. He tore his eyes from his brother's throat to study his face. The determination burning in his eyes didn't waver. His mind was dead-set on his objective. He was no longer susceptible to reason. He had decided what was best for Edward, and nothing could convince him otherwise. His cold hand grabbed onto Edward's chin, forcing his head to the side. Without any further warning, he lunged and sank his fangs into the flesh of his neck. The bite was far from gentle, forcing a cry of pain from Edward. Blood seeped into the front of his shirt, but Frankie bit down harder, as if he had forgotten who exactly he was sinking his fangs into. It was like he didn't care about anything but the blood. The playful boy he had been that summer day, laughing as he jumped into the waves, basking in the warmth of the sun… that boy was gone. He had become nothing but a bloodthirsty monster as he clung to Edward, drinking the life from him. Struggling became impossible as his strength faded. Giving up, Edward let his head slump back against the pillows and stared up at the ceiling. The grunts and gulps of the feeding vampire faded away, as Edward drifted into a state of half-consciousness. In the dark oblivion between life and death, he contemplated which pain was the most unbearable. The mind-numbing, searing pain of the teeth anchored into his neck, or the soul-crushing despair of the ultimate betrayal... ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own the characters or any concepts from the movie. Credit goes to the Spierig B"},{"Movie":"Daybreakers","Title":"Wrong","Author":"MaxineGr","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7340827","Passage":"[Chapter 1] VERY, VERY random fic. I want something light after countless hours of working, so here goes. WARNING: Contains EXTREMELY disturbing ideas, pretty graphic sexual encounter, and profanity. Again: DO NOT proceed if you are underage or simply easily disgusted with fetishes. 88888888888888 Alison knew something was wrong the time her father entered, coughing and trembling and heavy-lidded. She knew he had been crying at one point before he came into her room. Possibly even downed a bottle of whiskey to replace for the tears leaking out of his eyes. But she sat rigid, by her bed, because she knew he had been from the hospital and the heavy bags of his eyes could not have meant well. \"Oh, Ali—\" he had stammered, choking on coughs and stifled tears. \"—I wish we can have more time – more memories—I want to see you grow—\" \"It's okay, Daddy.\" That had been her silent answer, and the two held each other for what seemed like ages. Knowing that even one second of each other's presence could mean a lifetime for the young girl. 8888888888888 Again, she knew it was wrong when the news bleeped with flash news of bats, infection, raging clusters of blood-feeding beasts. And it turned worse when her father entered her room, eyes a golden shade of pride and steely resolution – fangs flashing under the slight movement of his lips, hand moving back to beckon at a shadow behind him. A man – a blonde man. Fear struck and escalated as he moved in and bit her full on the neck. 88888888888888888 She knew it was wrong to stab her own father, or to attempt pathetic suicides when she knew she couldn't die. Or the fact that the blonde had been assigned to fully trap her inside the confinement of her own house, now dark and adjusted to the changing world. He adorned the military uniform as if it was the crown of a king, never taking the now offending image of the country's serviceman off no matter how hard she insulted the badge he wore as a power of authority, no matter how hard she tried to drive him to lose control for the degradation of his beloved ideology. Frankie Dalton was a cold, stony beast – a vampire at its finest. But even when living as an emotionless little bitch, she knew when something was wrong. Like when the guard dog was temporarily occupied with her father, and how he was white-knuckled and furious after his brief meeting with the boss. Several hours later, with Charles away for working hours and Frankie to dwell in his newfound steam of rage, she had extracted the fact that his brother had left for the humans, and how much the vampire had – in actuality – loved his dearest sibling. For the first time, nothing about this newfound aspect of the vampire soldier ruffled her wariness. 8888888888888888 She probably should have accepted that it was wrong when she kissed Frankie, and how he kissed her back in equal enthusiasm. Pent-up frustration, probably, but it still felt good for two eternally young people who never had the chance to socialize with anyone else. But more than that, the awkwardness left after the first few days of thinking and reviewing the incident, and she felt nothing wrong about having a relationship with a man so cold-hearted and warm at the same time. 888888888888888888 She considered if it was wrong to have such ludicrous 'fantasies', as Frankie put it. \"Do you think vampires like period blood?\" she had asked, flipping through a magazine absent-mindedly. He had looked up from the letter he was writing and raised an eyebrow so high his brow scrunched in three visible folds. \"Where did that come from?\" She shrugged. \"Just curious.\" And after that, her train of thought hadn't been able to leave the idea. \"It'll be like some crazy oral sex,\" she intricately described to a very disturbed Frankie. \"Oh, come on, it's nasty, but it's still funny!\" He merely casted her a flat stare and spoke, \"Alison, if you're implying that we should comply to your ludicrous fantasy, then may I remind that you no longer have your monthly periods?\" His words had made her pull a disgusted face, blush, and rambled agitatedly that of course it was not what she had meant. 8888888888888888888 She felt wrong when she helped the jeep – a particular one brimming with humans – escape. Long confinement in her mansion had certainly not transformed her into a devoted vampire in the early days of her freedom. At the same time, though, she felt relieved, as if she had just returned home. But the fear charged back when she hurriedly left for the place one of the humans had told her to go to, and when she left in their jeep for the base camp. All she could think of is Frankie, wide-eyed and disbelieved, thinking that she had joined him and how she could betray him like his brother did. 888888888888 She had sensed the queerness of a situation, conquered it, and started the cycle over and over again during her entire life. The humans call it her sixth sense – some particularly inclined towards feminism call it her woman intuition. But Alison knew it was no magic, no supernatural, no sex-based super power. Just primal instinct to live. Because ever since Elvis gave her his blood as her daily ration, she had cherished the returning adrenaline pump, that gripping trepidation, that silly meaningless joy, that sagging bag of disappointment, the pure, irrefutable evidence of how she have won back the natural end to everything, the conclusion that is neither forced nor manipulated. 88888888888888 And now, sitting in her cell, heart thumping and breath coming in soft, raggedy whistles, Alison clasped her hands together in what she assumed would have been a praying stance, and silently waited. She waited for the soldier that will bite her, hoping to transform her and be transformed back instead. A high-risk operation, with 90% chance that she would also be killed in the upcoming chain reaction of feeding, but she'd do it. She'd do it because there's nothing wrong about standing up to her belief, standing on both feet for herself for once. But that wretched sense of fear flush into her heart the immediate moment that steel doors slid open. Golden eyes locked on hers, and she knew the raging, unsettled storm in his irises. The angry vendetta he had kept for months in looking for her. She crawled back into her corner, holding her breath, as his pupils darted up and down in its socket, sizing her up. She waited for ages for the storm to finally fade, for utmost awe and confusion to replace it. \"I don't believe it…\" he had said, reaching out for her cheek. His other arm was caught in a sling, she had observed, and she still couldn't believe the cold touch washing down her face, or how much she actually missed it. \"Stay away from me,\" she had mustered up the strength to say it, to spice it with venom. But he was relentless. \"I can forgive you,\" he had whispered, almost pleadingly. \"We can go back again. A place in society. You – me. You don't have to stay living in fear any longer.\" \"I don't want to.\" The trembling in her voice was eminent, but she persisted on looking tough and independent. She had managed months without him, she could surely hold out for several more minutes. The light in his eyes, though, predicted differently. As did his actions, because in a beat of a moment he was pulling her up with one arm, constantly pinning her against the wall and one hand darting towards the lining of her zipper. Her eyes had widened as the single row of metal broke apart into two halves and he removed the denim material off her in one swift motion – a speed she had never grown to accustom herself to as a human. Her thoughts grew frantic, knowing full-on what his intentions had been, and she struggled endlessly against him, yelling brutal profanities at the soldier. It was hard, though, to continue when the aggressive force of his lips meshed against hers, her breath caught midway through her nasal cavity and coming out in tiny little whistles as she struggled hard to break off the claustrophobic space, to break off from the faltering control of her mind. Because as much as she wanted to admit otherwise, she knew he still had his imprint on her. \"I'm still not joining you,\" she had gasped out, though one of her legs was half-wrapped around his and the blood pumping to every part of her body was growing more agitated. He merely stared on, raised an eyebrow, nursed the crook of her ass with his healthy hand, and dropped it down as he did onto the floor. She had watched with astonishing awe and shock as he pulled down the remaining garment hugging her pelvis, making a big show of waving the stained pad attached to the white cotton and smirking faintly at her – very, very faintly. Suddenly it tumbled down why he hadn't forced his fangs into her neck as he had the first time. Ludicrous fantasies , he had said. Look how the tables have turned. And Alison couldn't help but suck her breath in sharply at the tip of his tongue kissing her groin, slowly curving up to lap a drop of blood. She should realize how wrong this whole situation is, how she was supposed to focus on her mission and get this soldier to bite her, dammit – but he's Frankie, isn't he, and he's down on his knees doing things that you would never imagine anyone else doing it for you— A groan escaped her lips as his tongue continued to circle her folds, blood staining the dull pinkness of the muscle as it finally reached that one spot that made her arch back, moaning unrestrainedly and shamelessly into the cell. \"You're going to have to be quieter, babe,\" he had muttered, but the assault between her legs continued on, the blood trickling even more rapidly than before. \"Slow down—\" she had roughly spoke out. \"Just slow down—\" And yet she relished herself in the fact that he was now writing the alphabets – all fucking 26 alphabets – on her folds, the tip of his tongue brushing teasingly against her clit, away, and then there again like a slippery ghost. She had to force one palm against her mouth, binding the string of moans and hisses that strived to tumble out as the explosions came, shuddering her entire being as he wrapped his arm around her supportively, kissing her inner thigh goodbye before clambering up to his feet, trapping her weak torso against the wall. \"Admit it – you still love me,\" he had whispered, dropping his head to the crook of her shoulder, and she trembled at the intensity of his voice. She knew the answer to that forced statement, knew that she would say yes even if he dropped down and proposed to her right at that moment. But she could only utter three words. \"This is wrong,\" she whispered – shakily. But the sensation of his arm slowly dropping to the nape of her neck, the burrowing muscle of his lips into hers, told her that the borders had been lost, the instinct faded away into oblivion. And as wrong as it feels, she love to know that he was still there, how right it all is to enjoy their last minutes together. Lol no longer sex scene because I'm tired. Reviews would be very lovely if you got time. ","Summary":" VERY, VERY random fic. I want something light after countless hours of working, so here goes. WARNI"},{"Movie":"Daybreakers","Title":"For a Change","Author":"Hikaruu Dark","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6975535","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Frankie.\" She panted, desperate for air. Her nails dug into the thick fabric of his uniform, the sling cradling his still injured arm catching under them. \"Frankie!\" Her cries fell on deaf ears. All that he processed, all that he saw, all that he felt was her blood. The savory taste coated his tongue, flooding his senses. Each breath was rushed, hurried as if it were an obstacle to be overcome to further his pleasure. It wasn't until his fourth or fifth inhale that he realized she'd been calling him by his name. \"F...Frankie...\" There it was again. His name in that kitten's mewl of a voice. \"A little more.\" He grunted, blood trickling from his full mouth. How he found the will to cease this far in was beyond him. \"But I'm...\" She didn't have to say it. He knew he was killing her. Truthfully, he'd hoped at his cold inner core that she'd fall unconscious before it was too 'd had an excuse planned for her father and everything. It was too hard to stop. He'd lost control. The effects of the blood shortage were getting to him. It was all true anyway. Alison was lying limp in his grasp, all but lifeless. Yet when he looked down into her fragile profile, he found himself charged with ferocity. It had been a long time since he was last so close to a woman. A real woman. Complete with pulse and warm skin. \"Are you sure you want me to stop?\" \"...Yes. I'll die if you go on.\" \"And you're sure you want me to stop?\" She quieted then, aware of his meaning. He was offering her another way out, a way her father assumed had been ruled out by his status, forgetting the simple fact of human- or not so human nature. If he stopped now, she'd turn. She'd become what she hated most. All of her work, her sacrifice, the sacrifice of her friends, would amount to nothing. But she could always let him keep on. \"No, I... I guess I'm not sure.\" He watched her spine shiver, a combination of pain and uncertainty. Smacking his lips, he watched another tremor ring out through her back. Guilt took him immediately. It had felt good to drink from her, too good. He felt alive again. Exhilaration rushed through him with each swallow and he'd have given anything to keep that feeling. Taken anything. But with her last words, it lost a bit of its savor. \"Why?\" \"Wh-why what?\" \"Why aren't you sure?\" He grunted. She didn't answer. And for a moment, Frankie thought he had indeed killed her with his feeding. Until, of course, she coughed. A sharp groan followed. No doubt, a reaction to the sensation of her open wound. \"Your friends?\" He suggested. Her chin dipped twice in a feeble nod. \"Tch.\" He clucked, licking lips. \"The're dead, Ally. There's no sense crying over spilt blood.\" \"You're a monster.\" \"You're stubborn.\" Growing impatient, he pulled in closer, his lips wet against her temple. \"And you're also in denial.\" Her breath hitched and she was reminded of what she was up against. Lowering her voice, she glared at the parallel wall. \"About?\" \"What's best for you.\" He was now at her ear, his lips staining her skin with her own blood. \"You think it'd be some special honor to your friends if you died right now, right? You'd be a martyr, a fallen leader.\" He couldn't suppress the taunt in his words, \"Saint Alison, patron saint of humanity.\" \"What would you know about honor?\" He turned to her directly, brows raised. He didn't speak, but calmly gestured to the patch on his pressed, and now bloody, fatigues. \"I mean real honor.\" She added, rolling her eyes. \"Not fighting another man's war. I'm talking about fighting and dying for what you believe in.\" \"And you don't think I believe in this?\" \" Do you?\" \"I'm here, aren't I?\" The defense in his voice surprised her. \"And you'd die for this? This poor excuse for a perfect world?\" \"If it's what was asked of me.\" \"Then you know why death is worth it for me.\" Frankie shook his head, a devious grin spreading. \"I see why it's worth it for me, but I can only see why turning would be worth it for you.\" She snorted. \"Think about it. One day, we're bound to find a cure for any one crazy enough, rich enough to buy it. You're father's one of the most influential men of our world, and as his daughter, that makes your opinion pretty damn important. If you still wanted to, you could push for the cure, or at least push to make it an option.\" \"...Do you want to be cured, Frankie?\" She whispered, quickly. \"Excuse me?\" \"Are you planning on going back to the way you were if they do find a cure?\" \"Not in the slightest.\" \"Well, soldier , I guess I'll just have to make that a direct order.\" A silent agreement to live. Or rather, to die. Against her heart and better judgement, she went with this plan of change for the better. It wasn't as though she couldn't change her mind later. She'd done it to a hundred others, a splint through the heart and she'd be as good as burned. He propped her up against the stone wall, slowly making his way back to the exit. \"A hundred bucks says my brother beats you to the punch.\" He muttered, turning the corner and exiting the room. ","Summary":" \"Frankie.\" She panted, desperate for air. Her nails dug into the thick fabric of his uniform, the"},{"Movie":"Daybreakers","Title":"Darkness of Night","Author":"MysticalElvenPrincess","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13177824","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter One \"So, what do we do now?\" I asked my dad. It was daylight and we were out in the yard, and my husband wasn't home, and I didn't have to work, all things considering. Dad sighed. \"We need to go to Yuma.\" I nodded, understanding that reasoning. It was the sunniest place on earth, or at least the sunniest place in America at least, so I doubt many vampires would be there. Dad also owned properties there, so it did make a lot of sense. Not to mention, Yuma was also home to a military base, which would provide protection for whatever humans could make it there. \"Okay, then how are we going to do this?\" I didn't bother to ask about or mention mom. I knew she had been bitten and she did complete her change, and it drove a wedge between my parents, not that things were already good between them to start with. My husband Frankie had also fallen to the epidemic, my brother-in-law, Ed, told me this when he dropped his daughter Alannah off with me yesterday. He gave her to me because he feared that Frankie might try to change him, and he didn't want his 6-year-old to be around that kind of danger. Dad sighed again. \"I just went grocery shopping before this outbreak broke out, and I'm going to pack those, since we need to get all that we can take. But we need to go now, while it's still early in the day and go get some more supplies.\" He said. \"Thomas told me that no one is working at the Walmart or Sam's across the street there, so we'll have to loot.\" I raised a brow. \"Loot?\" I asked. \"Isn't that illegal?\" Dad snorted a bit. \"Darling, we're in the middle of an apocalypse, there are no laws right now.\" He said. \"We need to go now and get what we need and get packed tonight and leave at first light, before those vamps get themselves organized.\" He told me. \"Jonah can watch the kids.\" My younger brother was only 10, but was the second eldest child in the family, and he was actually quite mature for his age. \"Okay.\" I nodded. \"Give me 5 minutes.\" I then went back next door to my house and got my two-year-old daughter, Belle, my five-month-old, Marlie and my niece and took them to my dad's. Then dad and I walked over to the Walmart and Sam's Club that were side-by-side. We went to the carts and dad got some zipties out of his pocket and zipped tied two large Sam's Club carts together and told me to take it, before doing two more. \"Should make it easier.\" He shrugged at my questioningly look. We went in and there were a few other humans here, not many, apparently, they had the same idea we had. And just as dad said, no one was working. Dad glanced over to me. \"Let's just to make this as quick as we can and get the hell out of here.\" \"Agreed.\" I nodded, going to the side closest to us, which was the health and beauty. \"This is really weird.\" I murmured, following my dad, figuring it was best that we stayed together. We would start on this end and make our way around. I took just about all the bottles of my favorite brands of shampoo, as well as for Alannah and Belle, feminine products, bubble bath, body wash, the whole nine yards. Dad had to get his dogs some food and I had to get them for my dog, and my cats. As well as Belle's hamster and Alannah's rabbit. \"So, toys?\" dad asked. \"And clothes?\" I was going to say no, that they had plenty, but that wasn't true, Alannah didn't have a lot of toys, her father had only packed her two weeks' worth of clothes and her favorite toys only. \"Uhm, we're just going to have to throw and go.\" I told him. We went by the toys, and I went down the girl's toy aisle, and just literally threw stuff in the buggy. I knew that Alannah like Monster High, Ever After High, Bratz, Legos, Shopkins, and Frozen, just to name a few, so I got whatever I saw on those. Belle was obsessed with barbie and baby alive to name a couple. We probably spent no more than 15 minutes in this section, before moving onto clothes, I didn't get much here, at least not for my girls, because I knew that they had clothes already, but Alannah, she didn't have much at all. We then headed to the baby stuff, so I could get as many diapers and wipes as I could, as well as baby formula, toys, etc, most of what I grabbed, I didn't get too good a look. We went by school supplies and the food section before we left Walmart and quickly went to Sam's Club and got everything we could there and back home. I push the two buggies into my garage, where I would get the stuff packed tonight before going to get the girls and brought them back home. I put them all down for a nap (though I had Alannah laying on the couch with a movie) while I got everything put in storage containers in the trailer. I also made go bags with snacks and such for Belle and Alannah and for my siblings, as it would be around a 26-hour drive to Yuma from here in Nashville. I put all the cold stuff (not many) into some large coolers and put them into the trailer as well. Once all of that was done, I worked on packing our stuff. I got out my suitcase and threw my clothes and my uniforms into them and just zipped them. I packed all the stuff that couldn't be replaced such as pictures (except for duplicates that I left for Frankie) and Belle's personalized baby stuff and then the girl's clothes and toys that they already had and put them in too, before I was satisfied with what I had packed. After feeding the girls supper, and it got dark, they each got baths before I put them all in my bed for the night. I laid in bed with a lamp on and a piece of paper and a pen as I thought about what to write to Frankie. Frankie, I know you'll hate me for what I am about to do, but I had to leave. You know that I would refuse to make the change. I made a promise to keep these kids safe, I made a duty to my country when I enlisted, and I intend to keep that oath. You need to understand the choice I made. The choice of leaving you was the hardest one that I've ever had to make, because you're my husband and I love you, but I had my family to think about, our daughters to think of. And your niece to think about. I can't let anything happen to them, I don't want this life for our children. I owe them that much. I will be safe, we will be safe. Please don't worry, and always remember, I do love you. Love you Always, Breanna I finished the letter and folded it up into an envelope and wrote his name on it. I placed it on the nightstand and looked over to the girls. I had only been 19 when I had Belle, and Frankie was 21 and was also in the army, which is where I had met him actually, I had decided to enlist when I was 18 and graduated high school. I sighed and turned off the lamp and fell asleep before the alarm woke me up at 6 that next morning. Dad and I had decided to leave at dawn that morning. I made sure to dress the girls warmly that morning, as it was a bit cold in January. I placed Alannah's booster seat in the front seat of my jeep and got her settled in with her go bag, pillow and blanket, as well as her favorite stuffed animal and I did the same with Belle in the back seat before getting Marlie in. I jogged across the yard and handed dad the go bags for my siblings before coming back to my jeep. I put one of the cat's carriers in between the car seats in the back and the other on the floor between the seats. I put the rabbit cage on the floorboard at Belle's feet and the hamster on the other side. I got the dog settled in her bed in the back of the jeep in her bed. I waited until dad was ready and followed him. We drove pretty fast, and we were able to drive nearly at 90 mph since there wasn't anyone else on the road. Halfway into the drive, I got a phone call. The caller ID on my car showed up as Ed. \"So I am going to assume that Frankie got my note?\" \"Yes, he did. I'm with him now.\" He gave a sigh. \"He changed me.\" My face fell. While I wasn't that surprised, a part of me had hoped that he wouldn't be because of Alannah's sake. She deserved to have her father in her life, as she didn't have her mother, as she had died in a car accident when Alannah was 3 months old. She had had Alannah in the car, and the baby had survived, and Ed had been raising her on his own. \"I had to check in.\" He said. \"I have to know that Alannah is okay, that you're all safe.\" \"Yeah, we're on the run, and she's safe. I didn't want to leave, but I am going to protect these kids at all costs. Alannah is here if you want to speak to her.\" \"Alannah.\" \"Hi daddy!\" She kicked her legs against the seat where she was sitting beside me in her booster seat. \"Are you okay? Are you behaving?\" \"Yes daddy.\" \"Listen, Alannah, daddy has to stay away for a while, so I need you to be on your best behavior for aunt Breanna, do you understand?\" \"Yes daddy.\" She looked like she wanted to cry right there on the spot. \"I love you.\" \"I love you too daddy.\" \"You said Frankie was there?\" I asked. \"I need to speak to him.\" \"Yes, he is.\" Ed said. \"I'll get him.\" He said. \"Good luck and thanks for taking my daughter.\" \"That's not a problem.\" The he handed the phone over to my husband. \"Breanna?\" Frankie's voice came over the phone. \"I'm here, look, you know I was never going to make the change.\" \"I know, I read your note, and I know you.\" He told me. \"But that's not what I was going to ask you.\" He said. \"I just wanted to make sure that everyone was really alright.\" \"Yes, we're perfectly fine. Like I told your brother, I have all of them including Alannah and we're on the run.\" I sighed. \"I made a duty, to the country, and I'm not going to turn my back on it.\" \"I should let you go. Please be safe, for my sake Breanna. I love you.\" \"I love you too.\" I told him before we hung up. Because we were driving so fast, at almost a 100 mph, we were able to get there within 18 hours, and didn't stop, not even once until we reached Yuma. We made it to the city line, where we saw that soldiers were working into the night were putting in a wall and some fences and they stopped dad and I stopped behind him. A solider came to my window and I rolled it down. \"ID please.\" He said, after a moment of shining the light in, studying us to make sure that we were still human. I reached into my console and got out my military ID and handed it over to him to inspect. \"Okay Lieutenant Dalton, here you are.\" He said, handing me back to my ID. \"Everything is in order, you may come in, but once you do, you cannot leave.\" He said. \"It's not safe.\" \"Is everything safe and secure here?\" \"Yes lieutenant.\" He said. \"Everything is, and we're in the process of adding extra security measures.\" He glanced back. \"General Kane, I know will want to see you, he'll probably stop by tomorrow.\" He rubbed the back of his head. \"You're still lucky to be human, even the president has fallen under the epidemic.\" He said. I nodded. \"So has most of my unit. Some of them should probably be coming here shortly. \"Alright, you're free to go, and I'm sure that General Kane will be in touch soon.\" He said, before stepping back. I then followed dad to his place and while he pulled in the drive, I stopped in front. He came to my window and handed me a key. \"It's house 3496, just down the way here, a couple blocks down.\" Dad had two houses in the same housing development and was giving me the other one. \"You can do what you want with it. I'm going to get the kids settled in and I'll check in in the morning.\" \"Okay, thanks dad.\" I told him before driving that way. It didn't take me long to find the house and I pulled into the driveway and under the carport (the garage was on the other side) and opened the side door before going to get the girls into the house. ","Summary":" Chapter One \"So, what do we do now?\" I asked my dad. It was daylight and we were out in the yard,"},{"Movie":"Daybreakers","Title":"Daybreakers: Warriors in the Night","Author":"Anthony2190","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6974029","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I don't own daybreakers its owned by Lionsgate Productions My first Daybreakers story and my first story in a while so go easy on the reviews Alexander peeked through the shutters of the window he was looking out of. \"Lieutenant Harper I think we have about 2 hours still sundown.\" Alexander said. \"Contact our search parties and pull them back to the perimeters I want UV lamps on full blaze till 0600 hours.\" A man in a tan military uniform said wearing a red beret. Alexander nodded and picked up a long wave radio. \"Squads Alpha through Foxtrot pull back to the perimeter.\" Alexander said. \"Copy that Citadel en route to base ETA.20 minutes.\" A Voice responded. Lieutenant Harper sighed and rubbed his temples \"Thirty Fucking days and we've found nobody.\" Harper muttered. Alexander glanced at the Lieutenant \"Sir we're just not looking far enough we'll extend our searches.\" Alexander said. \"Dammnit Mason if we do that we run risk of teams not making it back before sundown.\" Harper said. Alexander frowned \"Sir what's the fucking point of doing any of this if we don't find anybody!\" Alexander growled. Harper glared \"What do you want me to do Mason we should be thankful we're all still alive!\" Harper said. \"Being alive doesn't mean shit if we don't do anything with ourselves!\" Alexander yelled. Harper glared at Alexander \"Mason I think you need to remember who's in charge here get your shit together soldier.\" Harper said. Mason sent a glare at Harper before leaving the room and walking downstairs into the basement where there was a long room full of Military bunks lined up. Alexander sat down on one of the bunks around the room there were other soldiers standing around chatting or playing cards. \"Mason get your ass up here ASAP!\" A voice said over the PA system. Alexander got up and ran up the stairs to the command center. Harper was standing next to the radio station. \"Listen to this!\" Harper said handing the headset to Alexander. Alexander put it on \"We're surrounded can anyone hear me?\" A voice said. Alexander took off the headset \"I can have the squads there in 30 minutes but we're closest it's your call sir.\" Alexander said looking at Harper. Harper looked at the map on a table nearby. \"Get a team together I want you out there in 10 minutes or sooner get moving Sergeant.\" Harper said. Alexander nodded and rushed downstairs. \"Kilo Squad form up!\" Alexander yelled. 8 soldiers quickly rushed over. \"We're moving out we got a distress call from some survivors about 2 klicks away I want you geared up and at the motor pool in 5 minutes we don't have time to waste.\" Alexander said. \"Sir yes sir!\" The men yelled. Alexander grabbed a quiver of harpoons and grabbed a harpoon gun and ran upstairs to the motor pool outside. In 3 minutes all 8 men rushed out and lined up. \"Mount up people let's go!\" Alexander yelled getting into a tan Humvee. Within a few minutes they were overlooking the stopped convoy there were soldiers from the vampire army walking around prepping the unconscious survivors for transfer. Alexander frowned and pulled out a pair of binoculars and looked down at the convoy already the soldiers were loading any human survivors into the back of a truck just tossing them in back like sacks of meat. \"Shit we got here too late we need a new plan.\" Alexander muttered. \"Sir face it we're too late we can't do shit.\" A soldier said frowning. Alexander shook his head \"Fuck that we're not losing any more people to these Leeches.\" Alexander said getting into one of the Humvees. \"The way I see it they have about a 3 hour drive to get to the city that means we have 3 hours to intercept that convoy.\" Alexander said. \"Boss are you insane you want to attack a vampire army convoy?\" A soldier said. \"If we don't do this what's the point of us still being alive? I don't want to live if it doesn't mean something and we have the chance to do something meaningful right now.\" Alexander said looking at the men in his squad. \"If you want to go back feel free but I'm not letting those people get turned into human blood packs.\" Alexander said. The men in Alexander's squad were silent for a moment before one of them spoke up \"We got your back boss.\" The soldier said. Alexander nodded \"Alright we're wasting moonlight people mount up we'll cut them off at the intersection when they reach the main road I'll issue further orders when we get there.\" Alexander said as his men began getting into the Humvees. In the convoy Frankie was sitting in the front seat of one of the vehicles talking on the radio. \"Yes sir we have the survivors in custody.\" Frankie said. \"Affirmative Corporal Dalton good job what's your ETA to home base?\" The man on the radio said. \"ETA about 3 hours sir we'll inform you when we're within the city limits.\" Frankie said. Suddenly the Vehicle infront of them exploded into a ball of fire. \"Ambush!\" A Soldier screamed as the vampire soldiers rushed out of their vehicles. The Driver of Frankie's vehicle rushed out only to have a long harpoon pin him to the vehicles door before bursting into flames. \"Shit!' Frankie yelled as he scrambled for his weapon the word kept repeating itself in his mind as he saw more flames erupting around him knowing they were losing the battle. Suddenly his car door opened and a hand gripped him by his uniform and tossed him onto the ground he found the point of a harpoon centered over his heart. \"Don't move an inch blood sucker.\" The Soldier hissed. Frankie looked around and only saw smoking heaps of flesh the remains of his unit. Alexander walked over to where one of his men had a vampire soldier on the ground. \"Where are the survivors?\" Alexander said to the vampire. The Vampire seemed too stunned to say anything to him. Alexander frowned and grabbed the vampire by the collar of his uniform and pressed his knife against the vampire's throat. \"I don't have time for this. Tell me where you're keeping the people you caught!\" Alexander yelled. \"I-In the back of the APC!\" The Vampire screamed in fear. Alexander looked toward one of his men and nodded his head toward the APC. The soldier nodded and ran over to the APC. \"Pelayo take care of him.\" Alexander said looking at the vampire. A large burly soldier nodded and smashed the butt of his spear gun into the vampire's face. The Soldier by the APC finally got the hatch open and nodded \"Sir we have around 15 survivors in here!\" The Soldier yelled. Alexander nodded \"Alright load them into the Humvees we're taking them with us.\" Alexander said as his men began unloading the unconscious survivors. I hope yo all enjoyed it please review ","Summary":" I don't own daybreakers its owned by Lionsgate Productions My first Daybreakers story and my first "},{"Movie":"Daybreakers","Title":"Patient Zero","Author":"ChubbyxChick","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6091871","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AU I guess, popped into my head, I'm not much of a writer so please be gentle. Enjoy. Patient Zero Jan 15, 2009: I know I shouldn't have been playing in the cave, mom always told me it was dangerous, but I'm not scared of anything. Miranda and I were just playing in the start of the cave and they all started flying at us, like a swarm of squeaking black rodents. They were everywhere, gross! I could feel them all rubbing against me. One bit me when it flew out. I haven't shown my mom, she would kill me if she found out, I just keep my hair down, but it burns! Jan 16, 2009 Last night I had a dream that I was on fire, and I felt like I was actually burning, like it was spreading through my entire body starting from my neck and oozing through my veins… I must have screamed because mom came and woke me up. It still burns where the bat bit me. I can't fall asleep again. Jan 17, 2009: Still can't sleep. My bite is gone, like some put super strength Neosporin on it. Jan 18, 2009: I'm different… My skin is paler, my eyes look different. Is it possible for eye color to change? I still can't sleep but I'm not tired. Shouldn't I be tired? Mom thinks I'm getting sick, my skin is cold and I'm hungry.. No matter what I eat, I'm still hungry. The sun hurts my eyes, and it's too hot on my skin. I haven't been outside since I was playing with Miranda in the cave I can't even go near the windows during the day. Jan 19, 2009: I ate all the food in the house… still hungry. Mom tried to take me to the Dr, but I couldn't go in the sun, it hurt too much, I screamed and screamed 'til she gave up. Jan 20, 2009: I can hear my mom's heart beat. It haunts me, no matter where I go in the house I hear it beating, I can hear blood rushing in her veins. I can smell it. So hungry, the copper smell makes my mouth water. Am I crazy? Jan 21, 2009: What's wrong with me? Jan 22, 2009: So hungry. Everything cloudy. Thump thump thump thump. Never goes away. Mocking me. Jan 23, 2009: Hungry. Jan 24, 2009: What did I do? Mom.. I'm so sorry…. She cut herself, and the smell was so strong… The blood looked so delicious dripping on the counter. I couldn't help myself, it was like my feet had a mind of their own. I walked over, and licked the blood off the counter. It burned as it trickled down my throat but it was so good, so satisfying. Mom was horrified but I needed more. I started licking her finger, sucking the blood out of the cut. It was so tasty. She look frightened, she tried to pull away, but I couldn't stop, and I was stronger then her. She struggled but I tightened my grip, sucking, sucking sucking. She started getting weaker. She called my name, screaming for me to stop. The thumping sped up, faster, faster, pumping the blood into my mouth. It began to skip, like a scratched CD, and then the thumping stopped, she was limp in my hands. I pulled the last drop of blood out of her, and licked my lips. Everything is clear again, but mom is gone. What have I done? What is wrong with me? What do I do? ","Summary":" AU I guess, popped into my head, I'm not much of a writer so please be gentle. Enjoy. Patient Zero "},{"Movie":"Daybreakers","Title":"In Those Eyes","Author":"Magical Shovel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6083586","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own any of these characters from Daybreakers . They belong to the Spierig brothers. Author's Note: Sorry it took me so long to write!This fic is dedicated to Jaden Dalton. Had she not given me the idea, this fan fiction wouldn't even exist. The plot bunnies are-a working. So, this is an alternate universe in a manner of speaking. Basically, the cure failed. Sure, Bromley's a jerk, but I love him anyway. That's all I'll reveal. Read on for more. :3 Footsteps thudded on the ground. Guns rattled, yet the bullets did not go off at that particular moment. The undead soldiers steadily evaluated their surroundings as they meticulously searched the old winery. There was an eerie type of silence that could send shivers down one's spine. Meanwhile, three bodies were hidden within the scene as they huddled together. They rested inside a large vat that continued a liquid whose color was a luscious shade of red. The quiet was too much to endure. It only reminded and chastised them of their bitter failure. Both Audrey Bennett and Lionel \"Elvis\" Cormac had witnessed Edward change from monstrosity to humanity. The eerie, golden glow had faded to its vivid blue. The fangs had diminished. Edward Dalton was human for the first time in years. It was a miracle that quickly fell apart before their eyes. It didn't last long. The cure was not permanent. Perhaps it was never meant to be such. On the contrary, it lasted for a matter of mere minutes. There was a scream of pain followed by a surprised gasp. Science had the uncanny ability to baffle the human mind from time to time. This had been one of those cases. Edward was once again a vampire. Their experiment failed. Elvis had offered to let the hematologist bite him to see if the cure was within the blood. That had been a foolish assumption. Audrey watched with masked horror as Elvis, too, returned amongst the ranks of the undead. The scent of anguish, fear, and guilt filled the musky air. They huddled together, separated by humanity, armed with crossbows as they awaited their miserable fate. The wheel clicked and turned, roaring to life. Air slipped out as the lid was vigorously removed. The trio was greeted by over a dozen, starving vampires. One of which spoke in a husky tenor followed by a condescending smirk, \"Found you.\" Of course, they fought valiantly. Audrey, Elvis, and Edward fired their crossbows. When the ammo had been depleted, they fought with tooth and nail. Little did they know that they were protecting the remnants of their humanity. Various bits and pieces of soldiers were littered upon the floor. It was all to no avail, however. After their diligent fight, everything faded to pitch black. Memories and thoughts blurred together, forming incoherent words. Minutes, hours, and days passed from that moment on. Edward couldn't be certain. Everything was fuzzy within his mind. He ruffled the back of his head. A series of blinding, white lights had awaken him from his slumber. He let out a gasp, desperately searching the cell. Audrey and Elvis weren't with him. He ran pale fingers through his brown locks in a state of panic. Oh no. Oh no… Oh no no no! Those two words were repetitive within his mind. Where were they? What was he to do? The hematologist had to save them from a horrifying fate. He bolted off of the metal bench, throwing his body against the door in newly found fury. He screamed, shouted, and kicked at the door. \"Bastards,\" he growled. A familiar face greeted him, leaving Edward in a mild stupor. His lithe frame shook as he took a step back in anguish. The other male slid past him with a boyish grin cast upon his face. Edward covered his eyes for a brief moment, followed by the regret that swelled within his heart. Could he look at him? Talk to him? This… thing ? This shell that was once his loving brother? \"Frankie,\" he murmured. His tone was seemingly emotionless. \"Bro,\" he enthusiastically greeted Edward. The hematologist angrily pushed Frankie away. Naturally, the younger sibling was crestfallen as he took a step back, holding his hands in the air as if to admit surrender or defeat. Frankie nodded in false understanding, \"Alright. I see how it is.\" He rested a hand on his hip with his weapon snug in the holster. The ties between the two had become so severed that it was astounding. It was all over vampirism, of course. A segregated silence arose from the two. \"Mr. Bromley, your boss , wants to see you, Ed. You should go if you wanna get out of this shit alive, Bro. You know I care about you.\" \"I know you do,\" Edward rubbed his temples tiredly. A sigh fell from his lips. A hand covered his line of vision, \"I know you do, Frankie. It's just that… Things are different . They're harder. They're worse. You know that. People have changed. Do you really think this is evolution?\" Frankie merely watched Edward, listening for once. The eldest continued, \"And now I have to deal with him . He has them. I know he does. I don't think I could ever forgive myself if he hurts them. I'm at a loss. If only I could swap places with God. That will never be attainable-\" \"Yo, Ed.\" \"If only-\" \"Bro! You're ranting. See him. Believe it or not, it'll make things a hell of a lot better than they are right now. I mean, look at you. You're already starving. Things'll work out.\" \"Right,\" Edward muttered dryly as Frankie guided him out of the miniature prison. Everything at Bromley Marks was so… Clean? No. More like immaculate. Too immaculate. Then again, just like a hospital, everything had to be kempt. It was done in order to ensure the quality and the freshness of the packets of hemoglobin as well as the human blood bags. Edward Dalton briefly closed his eyes, holding his hands in front of his body. The doors to Charles Bromley's office slid open. \"Sir?\" Frankie spoke. \"You can go now.\" The young soldier bowed his head in acknowledgement and of gratitude before making his departure. He glanced at Edward one last time. Something oddly distant appeared in those orbs. Frankie mouthed words, leaving the hematologist to wish that he could interpret them. Edward lowered his gaze, trying to fixate on the white floor. He cocked a brow as he saw a crimson substance slide across the ground. Pupils dilated. Edward inhaled the aroma, suppressing the hunger that came with the sight. Whose blood? It was all about control. The CEO of Bromley Marks Company rested upon his throne in all his glory. There was a wine glass in his right hand. It wasn't wine. Edward knew that much as he took in the sight of the deep, red liquid. A cigar rested in an ash tray. The smoke poured out of the lit end, swirling around Charles. His expression was both calm and smug, reminding Edward all the more of his own defeat. Those golden orbs bore into his very soul. What soul? He bitterly thought. Slowly, ever so slowly, the eldest raised his head to meet Charles' eyes. \"Edward, Edward, Edward,\" Charles chastised him. He lowered his glass. Bromley lifted his arms, marking a loose gesture as if to say, 'What to do?' He clucked his tongue in admonishment, merely shaking his head. The disappointment was there. Edward sensed it. He rubbed his own arm, sorely. The younger man kept silent, knowing that it was best to do so. Charles continued to speak, \"How disappointing. You were the brightest staff member I had here. Then, you let me down. How could you do that? You were this close to discovering a substitute. Look where it got you. No where . Absolutely nowhere.\" \"I know, Sir. The equations were off. They could have been fixed.\" \"Yes, I'm sure they could have been mended had you still been with us, but I'll forgive you.\" There's always a catch when it comes to Bromley. He was a conniving man. Edward knew this. He arched a brow, continuing to listen, \"You haven't had blood in such a long time. You must be starving. Go ahead and take a bite.\" Charles gestured towards the frame of a lean woman, hunched forward in a chair. Her wrists had been tied as he identified the source of the blood. \"Don't do this, Ed. You don't have to,\" Audrey lightly warned him. Her brown eyes were full of hope. She exuberated strength in her time of despair. Charles rose from his seat with a smirk, \"I've always loved the taste of fear, Edward. It's so… Unique, yes?\" The CEO sauntered towards Edward, arms folded behind his back. He had the appearance of a true gentleman, decked out in a black suit. Once more, the bright hematologist fell into a state of panic. It always came down to the final decision that would inevitably change lives. But why does it have to be me? He thought miserably with a grimace. Bromley patted the younger man on the shoulders, leaning forward. It reminded him of his parents whispering sweet nothings to keep nightmares at bay. Each whisper and each word was a brutal stab to his pride, \"Your cure was a failure. Our blood substitute will be released for the public tomorrow, Edward. No more starvation. No more subsiders. Everything will be repaired as Bromley Marks Co. will continue to rise and reign supreme.\" He let out a husky laugh, \"Who knows? Maybe we'll be able to create humans with Invitro Fertilization and the likes.\" \"You may not have let the public down, but what about your daughter?\" Venom and bile altered his tone of voice. Charles frowned as something savage brewed in his already animalistic eyes. He drew back, curling his lip in particular disdain. Bromley scowled, looking between the two disgusting displays of beings, both vampire and human. He spoke one last time, \"Make your decision, Edward. I haven't all night.\" Charles strode back towards his black seat as a 'high and mighty' appearance radiated off of him. The young man inhaled a deep breath of oxygen that he didn't need, studying Audrey's form. He shook his head, knowing it was immoral. Wrong. Not just. His body craved it. Instinct could not be suppressed. \"Oh, Ed,\" her voice was feather soft. \"I'm sorry…I- I love you,\" he whispered. Just like his parents, Edward told Audrey bittersweet lies, sweet nothings in her ear. He pursed his lips, \"I love you for showing me humanity, but I was wrong. I long for it. I crave it. Yet, it's not for me.\" He leaned forward, cupping his hand on the back of her neck. The tears rolled down her cheeks, though she kept her face construed of stone. Her body didn't move a muscle. However, her lips faltered, ready to curve into a tight frown. Audrey held still, shaking her head for a brief moment. She spoke her last words, \"You already have your humanity.\" Edward sunk his fangs deep into the flesh of her neck. The warm blood gushed into his mouth, closing his eyes in wonderful ecstasy. Charles calmly watched, neatly folding his hands. The smirk was inevitable. As the hematologist closed his golden orbs, he could now remember the scene before his brother left this very office. His own eyes pleaded, speaking their own story as if to say, 'Help me.' Frankie had simply mouthed the words, 'No can do.' He hung his head low, letting out a series of gut-wrenching sobs as he let go of the cold corpse. Bromley's booming laughter mocked him. \"What have I done?\" Edward sunk to the ground, holding his head in his hands. The whereabouts of Elvis remained unknown to him. It was all too much. The regret swelled within his heart as the blood trickled from his own eyes. He remembered Audrey's eyes and the sweet, brown shade they were. In those eyes, he had felt so warm, secure, and human . Whoever had said that the eyes were the window to the soul was correct. Edward knew, in all finality, that he gave away one of the last remnants of his soul as monstrosity embraced him. \"Welcome back to society, Edward,\" Charles patted him on the shoulder as his golden eyes showed him those bittersweet lies once again. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own any of these characters from Daybreakers . They belong to the Spierig broth"},{"Movie":"Daybreakers","Title":"When The Sun Came Up","Author":"Mist.Filled.Eyes","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6011224","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Alright, I've never written for this movie before, and I doubt I've written anything like it, but I watched the movie Daybreakers and I couldn't stop myself. It was a decent enough movie ( for one that reminded me heavily of I Am Legend ) and it had some good scenes. I thought it deserved another person to write for it, there aren't many - I checked. So here it is, my very first ever Daybreakers oneshot, which by the way I own none of it. Not characters, not script, not plot, nothing. Without further ado, Admittedly, he'd considered himself a coward for a long time. He'd been too afraid of the pain, the blood lust, and everything that accompagnied being a vampire to willingly consent to being changed. He'd been afraid of becoming something he couldn't control, so he wouldn't drink human blood regularly. He'd been afraid of failure, so he had always had to be forced to move ahead with a prototype blood replacement. He'd been afraid of his little brother for a while, after he'd made the change. Once Frankie changed into a vampire, he became better at everything he was already good at. Before he was quiet, now he was deadly silent when he walked. If he was a strong fighter before - and Edward wouldn't know that, he'd never been witness to his brother's fights - now he was even better. \"Security alert - back door ajar.\" Edward Dalton stirred from his revere at the noise before calling out just loud enough to be heard, \"Frankie?\" \"Yea, it's me.\" His little brother, dressed in black like he was attending a funeral, walked in. Ed made an effort not to shrink into the couch he sat on, his brother's golden eyes glittered at him in a reminder that he was the one in the family who drank blood. Ed forced himself not to look away when he rose out of his seat. \"You look pale, are you getting a cold from working in that freezer you call a lab?\" \"I'm not exactly out in the sun a lot, the world operates at night now and us humans have adjusted. Our beach tan is suffering though,\" he joked. Frankie laughed and stepped closer. The younger of the Dalton brothers knew that Ed was nervous by the fangs, but he was emboldened by Edward's sudden courage. Ed usually kept a careful 5 feet between them, but today he didn't flinch when Frankie passed 'go' and shortened that distance to 3 feet. \"I missed you, Ed. Been a while.\" He offered a hand first. Immediately he felt his approach similar to the way he'd get close to a skittish animal. Edward looked down, assessed, then took the hand and pulled Frankie into the first hug they'd shared since one them stopped aging. It last about a minute before Frankie let go, if Ed was trying to prove something to them both, he wouldn't let the eventual panic bleed into what could prove to be their first and last real moment. Edward looked almost happy when he said he was going to get a drink and be right back. As soon as he was out of the room, Frankie let the pain in his heart show on his face. Edward would never forgive him for his actions tonight, even if they were for his own good. Then he felt the sadness change to rage. How could they do this to him? Edward's own boss was going to have him captured and bled like a pig. Blood farming, they called it. He held back a hiss and clenched his jaw. His commanding officer had visited him in his apartment last night, told him about the plans to get his brother and all other humans. He'd said the only way that Frankie could keep his brother safe was to change him - with or without his consent. He told him how to do it safely, so that Ed didn't suffer too badly. Didn't matter that Edward would view doing this as a betrayal. Couldn't matter that Ed may very well hate him for it. Frankie's head snapped up when Edward's voice reached him. The elder sounded almost frightened. \"Frankie, is something the matter?\" Frankie looked Ed over and found that the rage didn't abate at Ed's concerned appearance. \"What's the matter, Ed, nothing is the matter. Unless you wanna count how no matter what I do, you're frightened of me!\" He found himself yelling. The famous Dalton solution; when you don't know what to say, yell something that would hurt like hell. Right on cue, Ed flinched. \"See? If I raise my voice, you freak out. You freak out at the smallest things!\" \"What do you want me to do? I can't very well ignore that before you could kick my ass easy, now you could kill me even easier!\" Edward raised his defensive hackles and snapped back. \"And what's the matter with you, you almost seemed to be okay and now you're acting like - like -\" \"What? Like what? Say it Ed! I'm acting like a goddamn vampire!\" \"Stop! Just stop! I don't know what the matter is and I don't care!\" Ed's glass, that had been in his hand, fell. It smashed on the floor, Ed cursed and began picking up the peices. \"Frankie, if you came here to yell at me and try and fuck with my head then you've succeeded. I'm hurt, confused and afraid - if that's your goal then you've won.\" His point was reitterated by the shaking of his hands, which caused a shard of glass to lodge itself in his skin. Edward hissed with pain and went into the kitchen to clean it off. He opened the faucet and let the warm water begin washing away his blood. As he was cleaning, he felt movement and froze in place, feeling his still beating heart skip a beat, as he felt the air around him move. Frankie didn't breath now, but not even he could stop the air from moving when he moved. \"F-frankie?\" He breathed the name, but otherwise didn't react. Frankie radiated a chilling aura whereas humans had a warm aura, that's how Edward could tell that his brother was directly behind him. \"I just cut myself Frankie, it's okay, I'm not mad anymore.\" He turned off the sink and turned to face his little brother. Frankie almost hated himself for how fast his thirst had flared up at the scent of Ed's blood on the air, a sure sign that he would need blood soon. He forced him to remember his mission; he came here to turn his brother and save his life. If he didn't complete said mission, Edward would die. He gripped his brother's wrist, ignoring the blood now, and gently tugged him into the livingroom. \"C'mon, I'll clean that up.\" He muttered as he grabbed a washcloth and left the kitchen. Ed let himself be pushed onto the couch, trying to catch up with his little brother's mood swings. His little brother was the poster boy for bi-polar. One minute he was happy, the next he was enraged, then remorseful. He exclaimed softly when Frankie pulled the peice of glass out. \"Edward, how much do you trust me?\" The hematologist looked up at his military brother and frowned. Frankie never called him Edward. \"I trust you with my life.\" \"Do you?\" \"Of course I do, you're my little brother.\" He looked a bit alarmed, slightly more confused when Frankie took both his wrists in one hand and gripped his chin to hold his gaze. \"You're freaking me out Frankie, what's going on?\" \"It's really important you understand this. I'm doing this for your safety, got it?\" Frankie's golden eyes flashed an emotion, to quickly flickering for Ed to really grasp what it was. \"Edward, tell me you understand.\" \"I-i understand.\" He lied quietly. He had no fucking clue what Frankie was talking about, but his brother's body language was so utterly wrong. It was almost panicked. The way he was holding onto Ed's wrists made him think that Frankie was keeping him from fighting, but the fingers on his chin were too gently placed to be threatening. Frankie's back was straight and tense, but his eyes were calm. Frankie nodded jerkily, another contradictory action before suddenly moving. Everything tightened, the grip on his wrists moved to bruising intensity and Frankie used the grip on his chin to force his head to the side. Ed recognized this position and immediately began to try and thrash. \"No! Frankie don't!\" Before the turn his brother could overpower him easily, now it was child's play. Edward had this point driven home by the feel of fangs sinking into his throat. He screamed, he thrashed, he cursed and he struggled. Eventually his screams died down to whimpers of pain, his thrashing to meek motions, his curses to silence and his struggles faded into an agonized sleep. He'd told Frankie once that he would rather die then become a vampire, but in the end when he woke up undead, with golden eyes and fangs. He was too afraid to kill himself. Hell he was too afraid to even attempt anything other then trashing his apartment in his anger. ","Summary":" A/N: Alright, I've never written for this movie before, and I doubt I've written anything like it, "},{"Movie":"Daybreakers","Title":"Tearing You Assunder","Author":"Mr. Frank","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5941446","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I went and saw this movie in theaters a few months ago, and was immediatly obsessed. I was especially intrigued by the idea that it was Frankie who turned Edward-brotherly relationship stuff always gets me, and I really wanted to explore that further. I wrote this story to the song Running Down that Hill by Placebo (the song from the trailer), which is where the title came from. Contstuctive crit is way more than welcome, and with all that said, enjoy the fic~! Keys landed in their dish with a loud clatter, the sound startling Edward even though it was he who caused it. Blinking blearily, he tilted his head to stare at the keys, finding himself fascinated by the way they glinted in the room's faint lamplight. He was struck with the sudden urge to pick the keys up and play with them, turn them around and about to see what different ways they could reflect the light. A jaw cracking yawn derailed Edward's sleep deprived amazement. Shaking his head, he rolled his eyes at his own childlike interest in sparkly things. \"I've got to get more sleep,\" he muttered, rubbing at the back of his neck. Swallowing back another yawn, Edward shuffled into his living room, shrugging out of his coat and draping it over the back of the couch. He then made his way towards the kitchen, shucking various articles of clothing as he went. Tugging absently at the knot of his tie, Edward circled around the wall blocking his kitchen from the rest of the room. Complete darkness met him. Instinct had Edward jerking to a halt a moment before his mind chastised him for being so easily frightened. Laughing lightly at himself, Edward took a step forward, reaching out blindly for the light switch. A tiny flash of light from the kitchen answered Edward's movements—two pinprick spots of gold appearing against the inky backdrop. \"Oh, god,\" Edward gasped, stumbling backwards as adrenaline flooded his system. There was a vampire in his house. There was a vampire in his house . \"Ed, what's wrong?\" In the blink of an eye the kitchen light was on, and standing in the doorway was Edward's younger brother, staring at him through wide yellow eyes. Edward could only blink at his sibling, mouth opening and shutting soundlessly. Of course there was a vampire in his house. His brother. \"Frankie,\" Edward blurted, words finally returning to him. \"Damn.\" \"What?\" Frankie asked again. He rested a hand on Edward's shoulder, ducking his head to meet his brother's gaze. Edward blinked, glancing at Frankie's icy hand. \"I uh, you just startled me,\" he said, struggling to turn his attention back to Frankie's face. Frankie's brow furrowed when he noticed where Edward was looking. \"Sorry,\" he muttered, dropping his hand. Edward winced as Frankie turned back towards the kitchen, mentally berating himself. His little brother was well aware of Edward's firm stance against being turned, which had been translated in the younger man's mind to mean that Edward disapproved of his own transformation. While not exactly pleased in any way by his kin's choice, Edward had been trying his hardest to be supportive. But it was hard to convince someone you loved that you agreed with their decision to become a member of the blood drinking living dead. \"So,\" Edward drawled, following Frankie into the kitchen. \"What are you doing in my kitchen?\" \"Going through your stuff,\" Frankie answered bluntly. He motioned to Edwards windows, which the older man only just realized were all blocked by closed blinds and drawn curtains. He frowned—how had he not noticed this when he got home? \"It's not like I can do much else right now,\" Frankie sighed, regaining Edward's attention. \"You're out of milk, by the way.\" \"Uh, thanks,\" Edward said. He frowned when he noticed Frankie heading out of the kitchen. \"Mind telling me why you're here?\" he asked, following his brother into the living room. \"I can't come visit my older brother?\" Frankie asked. He reached the couch and stared at it for a moment, before turning around and dropping down onto the brown leather. \"Of course you can,\" Edward responded. He glanced around for a moment before spotting his recliner and perching on it, keeping his hands clasped tightly in his lap. \"But it would be appreciated if you could maybe call and warn me you're coming first. I could have cleaned up.\" Frankie quirked an eyebrow. \"Cleaned up?\" he parroted, glancing around the nearly immaculate home. He spotted the suit jacket on the back of the couch and scooped it up. \"Leaving your coat lying around isn't exactly making your home a mess.\" \"You know what I mean,\" Edward huffed. \"And you know I don't like it when you just randomly show up.\" Frankie just shrugged dismissively, while turning the coat over in his hands. Watching his brother, a thought suddenly occurred to Edward. \"Frankie,\" he said slowly, eyeing the vampire. \"Hmm?\" Frankie hummed; eyes still on the coat. \"When did you get here?\" Golden eyes flicked upwards for a moment. \"What do you mean?\" \"When did you get here?\" Edward repeated. \"I know you didn't show up while I was at work—you couldn't have. I left when the sun was coming up.\" Guilt flashed across Frankie's face; however his voice was absent any hint of contriteness when he spoke. \"I got here last night,\" he said, lifting his chin slightly, almost as if challenging Edward to question his actions. Edward, knowing that berating his younger sibling would be a waste of breath, simply sighed. \"You should have told me you were here,\" he huffed. \"You would have made me leave,\" Frankie responded. \"I wouldn't have,\" Edward said, sitting up a little straighter. \"I would never force you from my home.\" \"You would have been mad at me for coming,\" Frankie shot back, ducking his head and pouting. Edward hated when Frankie did that. It was like having a little kid in the room. \"I wish you wouldn't make that face,\" he said, sighing again as he slumped into his chair. \"It's true,\" Frankie snapped. \"You know it is.\" Edward fought the urge to rub his temple. \"No, it isn't,\" he responded. \"Yes it is!\" Frankie shouted. \"You would say I was endangering the other humans here!\" \"I would not,\" Edward snapped back. \"Why would you say that?\" \"Because it's true! You think I don't have any control. You probably think I'm going to attack you right now, it's why you're sitting on the other side of the room!\" \"What are you talking about?\" Edward asked. He was used to his brother being hot headed and argumentative, but never before had he so blatantly accused Edward of thinking ill of him. Not even concerning his vampirism. \"You know exactly what I'm talking about!\" Frankie bellowed, suddenly surging to his feet. Edward instinctively pressed further into his chair. His brother flashed his fangs, while waving around Edward's coat, still clutched in his hand. \"You see! You're afraid of me!\" \"Frankie, calm down,\" Edward said, holding his hands up in a placating gesture. \"What, is the big bad vampire scaring you?\" Frankie asked, stepping forward. \"No, my little brother is scaring me!\" Edward yelled back. This brought Frankie up short, the younger man staring at Edward, his righteous anger suddenly lost for words. For a long moment he simply stood, hovering in the middle of Edward's living room. Then, slowly, he lowered himself back down onto the couch. His fingers tangled in the material of Edward's jacket as he lowered his head, hiding his eyes from sight. Edward remained pressed against his chair, afraid to so much as breath as he watched his brother, waiting to see if his anger was going to reignite. But Frankie didn't say anything more, and so the silence between them grew. Pulling his lip between his teeth, Edward struggled to decide what to do. His heart ached to see his brother in such pain, and yet he couldn't convince himself to move, to go over and comfort the man sitting on his couch. The vampire sitting on his couch. However, despite his terror, his overly protective older sibling instincts were slowly but surely winning out, and Edward was finding it harder and harder to stay away from his hurting brother. \"Frankie,\" he breathed, shifting in his seat. He jumped when Frankie's head snapped up, golden eyes suddenly boring into his own. Edward struggled to keep his breathing steady. \"Are you alright?\" Frankie didn't respond, simply staring at Edward as his grip on the older man's jacket tightened. He was sitting impossibly still, his gaze unwavering, unblinking. \"Do I really scare you?\" he asked softly. Edward blinked. He opened his mouth to respond, only to shut it again as Frankie's question truly registered. \"Do you…?\" Edward started to ask. Frankie's eyes flashed, and suddenly he was on his feet again. \"Do I scare you?\" he hissed. \"Do I frighten you?\" \"No,\" Edward responded impulsively. \"No, you're my brother.\" \"But you hate me.\" Frankie sounded so defeated, and so completely certain that it made Edward's chest constrict painfully. \"No,\" Edward whispered again. \"I could never hate you. You're family, I love you.\" \"Then why do you cower away from me?\" Frankie asked. Instead of answering with words, Edward slowly rose to his feet. Then, one careful step after the next, he moved towards his little brother. \"Wh-what are you doing?\" Frankie stuttered in surprise. He gripped Edward's coat to his chest, looking suddenly off balance. \"I'm not afraid of you, Franklin,\" Edward said, his words measured and calm. \"And I do not hate you.\" He was standing in front of Frankie now, so close he could reach out and touch the younger boy if he wanted to. Frankie gave a small start, as if shocked to find his brother suddenly so close, and stumbled back a step. His calves bumped the edge of the couch and he twisted his head around, eyes wide and startled. The sudden change in his sibling frightened Edward. Seconds ago Frankie had been as fierce and commanding as a lion, and now he was as skittish as a stray kitten. And while he might now be pale, golden eyed, nocturnal and bloodsucking, Frankie was still Edward's little brother of over twenty five years. Which meant, like any good brother, Edward knew his brother's behavior—knew when something was bothering the young man, be it big or small. And for Frankie to be this off balance, he had to be being weighed on by something enormous. \"Frankie,\" Edward whispered, lifting his hand slowly. \"What's wrong?\" \"What are you talking about?\" Frankie asked immediately, eyes darting to Edward's hand. \"I know you Frankie,\" Edward responded. \"I know when you're struggling with something. And right now, you're struggling with something big.\" Edward carefully laid his hand on Frankie's shoulder. The younger man jumped, gaze darting to his brother's hand. \"Let me help you with it.\" \"I-I can't,\" Frankie whispered, shaking his head slowly as his gaze drifted back to meet Edward's pale eyes. \"Why not?\" Edward asked gently. Frankie shook his head as all of a sudden all of the anger and all of the nervous energy seemed to pour out of his body at once. He sank back down onto the couch, still hugging Edward's jacket tightly. Edward sat down with him, perching on the couch beside his brother. \"I can't,\" Frankie hissed again, still shaking his head. \"But you—I can't not tell you.\" He looked up at Edward. \"Not you.\" \"What can't you tell me?\" Edward asked. Frankie just shook his head. Lifting Edward's coat, he stared at it for a moment, and then pressed the material to his face. \"I won't lose you,\" he whispered, his words almost swallowed by the dark fabric. \"What do you mean?\" Edward asked. His hand, still resting on Frankie's shoulder, shifted up to cup the side of his brother's face. \"Why do you think you're going to lose me?\" \"They'll take you,\" Frankie mumbled, his voice thick, \"They'll take you if I don't stop them. But I can't—\" Frankie cut off with an odd strangled sound, which Edward realized belatedly was a sob. Scooting closer, Edward reached around with his free hand, using it to tilt Frankie's face towards him. Bloodshot eyes met his, brimming with a faint sheen of tears. \"Frankie, now you really are scaring me,\" Edward said, searching his brother's eyes for any hint of what was going on. All he could find, however, was his sibling's obvious emotional turmoil—a boiling mixture of fear and worry and love and pain. \"Please tell me what's going on. I can help you.\" \"No you can't,\" Frankie whispered. Edward frowned. That couldn't be true. He was Frankie's big brother, his protector. He could always help. \"Frankie—\" \"I'm sorry.\" What do you mean? That was the question resting on the edge of Edward's lips. However, they would never make it any further than that. It was so fast that Edward didn't register any of the movement at all—only that one moment he was sitting beside Frankie, holding the man's face between his hands, and then the next he was pressed back against the arm of the couch, his brother crouched over top of him. \"What are you doing?\" Edward cried as Frankie planted one hand on his chest, pinning him down. The other shot up and wrapped around Edward's chin, forcing his head to the right. \"I'm sorry,\" Frankie whispered; his breath ghosting against Edward's ear. Realization dawned on him as Frankie used his shoulder to pin Edward's arm against the couch back. \"No!\" Edward cried, pushing against Frankie's chest with his free hand. But he was no match for the vampire soldier. The explosion of indescribable, mind numbing pain in his neck told him that. Edward felt his body responding to the bite immediately. His muscles tensed and convulsed, his arms curling painfully against his chest. Frankie kept him pinned against the couch as he jerked and writhed, his throat closing around the scream that wanted so badly to rip free. His neck felt like it was on fire, liquid flames pouring into his veins and pumping at an incredible rate through his body. And over it all, his brother's voice echoed, over and over. \"Please forgive me, please forgive me, oh god please forgive me.\" Edward's chest seemed to be constricting, his lungs shriveling in on themselves, the air being forced out of him in a painful gust. His insides felt like they were writhing about, like he was full of slithering, coiling snakes. \"Please forgive me.\" And then cold arms were wrapping around him, crushing him against an equally cold chest, holding him tight as he bucked and seized, his screams finally bursting free. \" Please forgive me.\" Cool breath tousled Edward's hair, a colder face pressing against the top of his head as his eyes rolled back. He kept screaming. Please forgive me. Consciousness filtered back slowly, at first only in small bursts during which the only thing Edward could be completely sure of was that every muscle in his body ached and that his shoulder, his neck, and the side of his face was burning with a kind of agony that couldn't be described. Thankfully those moments were only brief, lasting a few seconds before he was pulled back under once more. The first true bought of wakefulness wasn't much more substantial. Edward blinked heavy eyes open, the pain having receded back so now it was only his neck and the area around it that still throbbed with pain. The first thing that registered within Edward's cotton clogged mind was that everything was very dark. For one terrified moment he thought for sure his brother had latched onto him and simply sucked him dry, and he was now lying dead. But then he felt the arms cradling him against a firm chest, and the fabric of a shirt beneath his cheek. Someone warm was holding him. Someone who smelled a lot like Frankie. But…that didn't make sense. Frankie wasn't warm. Not anymore. It was as far as Edward's thoughts got before he was out once more. Eventually the moments of half-consciousness faded away. The next time Edward came to, it was with his thoughts only scrambled from the feeling of waking up after having been asleep for a few hours longer than you'd originally planned. Blinking his eyes open, Edward smacked his lips, the inside of his mouth feeling cottony and thick. \"Ed?\" \"Frankie?\" Edward mumbled. His voice came out as a horse whisper, his throat aching as if he'd spent the whole night screaming at his brother. Groaning, Edward shifted his gaze, trying to spot his wayward sibling. To his surprise the younger boy was sitting right in front of him, in what looked like one of Edward's kitchen chairs. \"Are you really awake this time?\" Frankie asked, leaning forward so that his face was in Edward's line of sight. \"Where am I?\" Edward asked back, trying to orient himself. All he could tell so far was that he was lying on his side, on something not nearly as comfortable as his bed, in a room that was very poorly lit, with no idea what he'd done to get himself there. \"You're in your house,\" Frankie said slowly. \"We're still in the living room.\" \"Living room?\" Edward rasped back. He must have been lying on the couch then. But then, why was his brother here? Edward muttered this question into the material of his couch. Despite its muffled quality, Frankie seemed to understand what he was being asked. \"You don't remember?\" Frankie asked. He sounded odd, a mix of worried and…glad? That was never a good tone for a younger brother. It was that guilty tone, the one that said I know I did something wrong and that you're going to find out eventually, but right now it seems like you won't and that's good enough for me. \"What happened?\" Edward demanded, with as much force as he could muster. \"Did we…fight?\" It was preposterous to consider such a scenario, but it would explain Edward's worn voice and sore, stiff muscles. And why he couldn't remember what happened. His brother had one hell of a fist, and, sadly, this wouldn't be the first time Frankie had punched him hard enough to make him forget it happened. \"Uh, not exactly,\" Frankie mumbled. Edward shifted his head to stare at the younger boy. \"What's that mean?\" Frankie averted his gaze, pale hands gripped tightly in his lap. \"We…argued,\" he offered half-heartedly. \"About what?\" \"What do you think?\" \"Just tell me,\" Edward groaned, turning his face into the couch. He was too exhausted to play this game right now. \"Fine,\" Frankie said, much to Edward's surprise. \"I came over to…to talk to you about something. But I was afraid of telling you, so I didn't, and instead we argued about me sneaking into your house when you're not home. And I said…I said some stupid stuff.\" \"Gasp,\" Edward muttered. He could practically hear Frankie's eyes rolling. \"So, did you ever tell me what you originally came here to tell me?\" \"Yes, I did,\" Frankie responded. \"And what was that?\" Edward asked. He was surprised when Frankie made an angry sound and shoved up out of his chair. \"You're such a genius, I would have thought you'd figured it out by now,\" he snapped, stopping a few feet away. \"What are you talking about?\" Edward asked. He heard Frankie sigh in frustration. \"Doesn't anything feel different?\" he asked. \"Like what?\" Edward lifted his head enough to see his brother again. Frankie had his back to him, arms crossed over his chest. The younger boy's response was terse. \"Why don't you start with your teeth?\" Confused, Edward frowned at his brother's back while he ran his tongue around the mouth. He didn't get far before his tongue bumped an unfamiliar protrusion. Ever muscle in Edward's body tensed as he carefully examined the thick point where his once square lateral incisor had been. Breathing heavily, Edward brought a shaky hand to his mouth. His tooth felt thicker than he last remembered it to be, more rounded and…sharper. \"What—\" Edward cut himself off, swallowing thickly. How had he missed this, they way his teeth suddenly weren't fitting together quite right. His lower incisors, now also pointed, scraped against the back of his upper teeth. It made his mouth feel a lot more crowded. \"Ed?\" Frankie whispered. He was back in the kitchen chair, staring at him intently. \"Ed, can you hear me?\" Edward simply blinked at his brother, his fingers frozen against the tip of one of his changed teeth. One of his fangs . \"No,\" Edward breathed, his eyes going wide. Frankie said something to him, but he didn't hear it. His focus was on his hand, slowly drifting towards his neck, towards the point where his body wide ache seemed to be emanating from. Trembling fingers trailed along smooth skin, shifting carefully upwards. His breath stilled as his fingertips brushed against two bumps, twin circle shaped scars that were so very out of place. Edward's fingers ghosted over the two raised puncture wounds, his hand trembling as he struggled to comprehend these new, burning scars adorning his neck, resting over the place where his now still pulse had once thrummed with life. \"Who,\" the word stuck in Edward's throat. Swallowing thickly, he tried again. \"Who did this?\" Frankie's expression was oddly flat as he looked away, refusing to meet Edward's gaze. \"No,\" Edward breathed, as understanding crashed violently into place. He pushed himself away from his brother. \"Ed, listen,\" Frankie said, noticing how Edward tried to back away. \"I can explain.\" But Edward wasn't listening, slowly shaking his head as he pressed himself into the back of the couch. \"How could you?\" he asked, the words a venomous his. \"Ed, just listen to me for a second—\" \"No,\" Edward snapped. There was nothing his brother could say. \"Just—just leave.\" \"Edward,\" Frankie said, his tone now pleading. \"Please, let me explain!\" The young vampire leaned forward, reaching for his brother. \"Don't touch me,\" Edward snarled, recoiling from Frankie's outstretched arm. Frankie's hand stilled, but he didn't lower it. Edward's lip curled, exposing bared fangs. Frankie's expression shifted. \"Ed—\" \"Get out!\" \"Fine!\" Frankie shouted back, shooting to his feet with enough force to topple the chair he'd been sitting in. He stalked out without another word, the slamming of Edward's backdoor announcing his departure. \"Damn it!\" Edward cursed loudly, as soon as his brother was gone. His head fell into his hands, fingers curling in his long hair. He was so frustrated and so furious , he couldn't find words for it. And so he yelled wordlessly, a sound that was as much a growl as it was a scream. It wasn't enough. No matter how loudly he shouted, his emotions seemed to be only that much louder, roaring within him at a level he couldn't vocally reach. Still shouting, Edward surged to his feet, hands searching for a way to express his anger in a way his voice could not. His hands swung out, aiming for the books piled on the low table before him. The heavy tomes crashed to the ground, pages crumpling and spines bending. It wasn't enough. Edward's frustration turned on the table itself, and he leaned forward, grabbing onto its edge. With a single, mighty heave he tossed it, flipping the table completely. A decorative glass bowl was thrown across the room from the force, shattering against the wall. Kicking aside Frankie's abandoned chair, Edward followed the bowl, suddenly intent on crushing the glass shards until there was nothing left but dust. With every crushing stomp Edward cursed—cursed his brother, cursed his fate, cursed his now un-beating heart. And with every stomp the once beautiful dish was reduced down to the grainy, sandy particles it had once been. Eventually there was nothing left, nothing but a patch of glittering carpet. Edward scowled down at the faint sparkles, panting from the exertion, sucking in deep breaths that he realized suddenly felt off. Strange. Unnecessary. Edward's anger, which had abated after being taken out on the glass bowl, flared anew at this reminder of his lost mortality. Snarling a curse, Edward's fist shot forward, slamming into the wall. The force of the punch reverberated up through his arm; but Edward ignored the ache, punching the wall again. Paint began to crack and chip under Edward's continued blows. Again and again his fist slammed into the wall. He shouted his anger with every hit, louder and louder until, finally, his fist broke through the wall completely. For a while Edward simply stared at the place where his hand vanished into the wall. Never before had he physically damaged his house due to anger. That was what Frankie did, not him. Sighing, he carefully extracted his hand, frowning as the action caused dust to rain down on his already dirtied carpet. \"What am I doing?\" he muttered softly. Turning, he leaned back against the wall, sliding slowly down until he was sitting on the floor among the wreckage of his living room. Heaving a heavy breath, Edward ran the fingers of his uninjured hand through his hair, while looking down at his bruised, scraped knuckles. He lightly brushed away the dry wall dust coating his cuts, while wondering idly if he should get himself some ice. Honestly, he was more inclined to stay sitting on his floor. Shaking his head at his laziness, Edward pushed himself carefully to his feet. Cradling his hand against his chest, he picked his way across the living room and into his kitchen. The light was still on and a few cupboards were sitting open—evidence that Frankie had been in his home while Edward was away. Ignoring them for now, Edward headed for the fridge, grabbing a towel from his counter as he went. Fetching a handful of ice, he wrapped it in the towel and pressed it gingerly to his knuckles. He then sighed again, wandering over to his dining room table and dropping into one of the chairs there. For a long time he simply sat there, staring down at his hand. It wasn't until the glow of dawn began to illuminate the edges of his tightly covered windows that he moved again, going and sitting himself on his stairs, out of the view of any of his windows. And it was only after finding himself trapped there, locked within his home until the sun set once more that he allowed the thought he'd been holding back all night find a voice as he sighed, slumping against the wall as he muttered two words. \" Now what?\" The backdoor creaked open slowly, letting in the faint sounds of the night. For a moment there were no other sounds, then a single, cautious footstep crossed the home's threshold. Step by step, the night time visitor moved further and further into the home. They stopped again at the entrance of the living room, breathing a soft gasp muffled by clenched teeth, clearly surveying the wreckage of the living room. \"Ed?\" The shout echoed through the unlit house, vanishing into the dark corners of the empty rooms fringing the small home. The visitor stood still, awaiting a response. None came. The change in the uninvited guest seemed to resonate through the air, the room suddenly thrumming as he went on the defensive, prepared for whatever might be waiting in the shadows. Light, careful footsteps, filled with the precision and purpose of a trained soldier, slowly carried the stranger across the living room, delicately maneuvering around the toppled table and scattered books. \"Is anyone here?\" they called, calm and assertive, in a clearly masculine timbre. A rustle of fabric, the soft sound deafening in the silent house, was the only response, and it had the man stilling instantly. \"Who's there?\" he demanded. The rustling stopped, and after a moment the man continued forward again, his footsteps now heading in the direction of the stairs—the place where the sound had originated. The man rounded the stairs in a swift, fluid movement, his body crouched and tensed in preparation for whatever he might find himself facing. And then he spotted the figure huddled on the steps, and the intensity visibly drained from his muscles, his eyes widening as he took in the sight before him. \"Ed?\" he asked softly. Curled halfway up the staircase, Edward groaned lightly as he uncurled, lifting his head up off of his folded arms, which were lying draped across his knees. He blinked hard, sluggishly focusing on the person standing at the base of his stairs, whose progress through his home he'd tracked carefully with his ears. \"Frankie,\" he muttered in greeting. His voice was rough from disuse. Through the gloom, with eyes more perceptive than they had ever been before, he could see his brother's golden orbs narrowing suspiciously. The way Frankie was standing, the faint glow of lamplight from the other room was hitting the younger boy's eyes at just the right angle, turning his irises into twin circles of reflective light. Like a cat's eyes. \"Are you…okay?\" Frankie asked slowly, eyeing his sibling warily. Edward cocked an eyebrow. That was new. Sure, Edward was the older of the pair, but Frankie was infinitely scarier. \"Sure,\" Edward mumbled, letting his head drop back down, his cheek resting against his forearm. \"What are you doing back here?\" he added. His tone was bland, devoid of any real curiosity. \"What are you talking about?\" Frankie asked dismissively as he started up the stairs. \"I think I should be the one asking what you are doing here .\" He motioned to the steps as he spoke. Edward blinked, gaze shifting to look around his current choice of resting spot. \"The sunlight doesn't get in here,\" Edward said, returning his gaze to his brother. \"You didn't answer my question.\" \"So?\" Frankie huffed. He stood on the stair beside his brother for a moment, before lowering himself to sit down. He rested his elbows on his knees, lacing his fingers together. He glanced over at Edward, who fixed his brother with a 'tell me' look. The vampire soldier sighed heavily, looking away again. \"I sort of…never left,\" he admitted sheepishly, staring intently at his knuckles as he spoke. \"You what?\" Edward asked, his voice losing a little of its flat quality. \"I didn't leave,\" Frankie repeated. \"After I stormed out, I might have, uh, gone and hid out in your attic.\" Edward blinked, struggling to suppress his bewildered expression. There were quite a number of things he'd figured his wayward sibling had run off to do when he'd left after Edward first awoke from his transformation. Bars, booze and banging had been the foremost in his mind. Attic stalking his brother, however, hadn't so much as made the list. \"You were here?\" Edward asked, unable to keep the disbelief from his voice. Frankie nodded stiffly. \"I was told I couldn't leave you alone.\" \"What do you mean?\" Edward asked.\"Who told you that?\" \"One of my commanding officers,\" Frankie responded. \"He…he was the one who explained to me how to change you.\" Frankie's gaze darted briefly to his brother, but it quickly returned to his hands. \"He also told me I shouldn't abandon you while you adjusted to the change, just in case there were any, er, side effects. \" Edward's brow furrowed. \"Side effects?\" he repeated. Again, Frankie nodded. Edward stared at him. \"I wasn't aware becoming a vampire came with side effects.\" \"It doesn't,\" Frankie quickly said. \"Most of the time, anyway. There have been a few transformations where unexpected complications have arisen after the transformation is completed, but so far they've all taken place within the first two weeks of becoming a vampire.\" \"You were observing me,\" Edward said. \"You were waiting to see if I would exhibit any side effects.\" \"You make it sound like you were my science fair project,\" Frankie snorted. Annoyance flared within Edward. \"That's certainly how you're making it sound,\" he snapped. His sudden anger startled Frankie into looking at him. \"No!\" he said quickly, eyes wide. \"That's not it at all. I was just making sure that, that everything…you know, went okay.\" Frankie's strong tone withered as his sentence stumbled to its end, and his yellow eyes darted away again. \"I was just making sure you were okay.\" That single, softly muttered sentence, squeezed out like an apology forced from the lips of a not-so-repentant little kid, chased away any anger Edward had managed to scrape together since his brother's arrival. It was like having the wind knocked out of him, and it left him feeling oddly empty and deflated. \"I'm sorry,\" he muttered, surprising himself. He surprised Frankie too, the vampire blinking openly at him. \"I think I'm the one who should be saying that,\" he responded, shifting awkwardly. \"Yeah,\" Edward agreed, turning his head and meeting his brother's gaze. Frankie could only meet his eyes for a moment before he turned away, golden eyes once more on his hands. \"I'm sorry,\" he said. The depth of the sincerity in his words floored Edward, and he struggled not to gape at the younger man. Frankie noticed anyway, and his eyebrows pulled together at his brother's expression. \"What?\" he asked. \"It's not like there's anything else I can say.\" Edward looked away, schooling his expression. \"I know,\" he said quickly, before repeating more softly, \"I know.\" Frankie nodded once. Edward watched him, wondering if there was anything more he should say. It felt as if there should be, but nothing was coming to mind, and Frankie didn't look like he was going to say anything more. Glancing away, Edward looked down at his own hands. His eyes drifted over his knuckles, which had only days ago been a torn and bloody mess. The pale skin had healed over completely; not so much as a lingering bruise or tiny scar remained. \"You know,\" Frankie said, \"I kind of thought you would have a bunch of questions about all of this.\" He was right, Edward thought to himself. He did have a lot of questions. But at the moment none of them seemed all that pressing. Except for one. \"Why did you do it?\" Frankie was silent, but Edward could feel how tense he had become. It was radiating from the man in waves. \"I can't tell you,\" Frankie said, tone flat. Golden orbs peered over from the corner of down turned eyes, and Edward met the look in the same way. \"One day,\" Frankie whispered, as his expression slowly softened. \"One day I'll tell you everything.\" Edward nodded slowly, accepting his little brother's answer. \"I'll hold you to that.\" ","Summary":" I went and saw this movie in theaters a few months ago, and was immediatly obsessed. I was especial"},{"Movie":"Daybreakers","Title":"The Doctor's Orders","Author":"Tando","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7170027","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Doctor's Orders A fan fiction by Tando Chapter 1 \"She ran, like so many did.\" - Charles Bromley Year: 2017 She looked down at her coffee. A chill ran from her spine. Every day was just like this. Every day she was in constant fear of being caught. She looked up at her computer, its screen illuminating the files she was suppose to sort. She looked at the office next to hers. They all thought she was a normal vampire, they were all dead wrong. She drove up the abandoned road of sand and dirt. With the lights of the city behind her, she heaved a sigh of relief. She brushed her blond hair over her shoulder and continued to drive. She arrived at the vineyard just as the sun was beginning to rise over the east. She climbed out of her car and walked into the closest thing she has ever known as home. She walks in to find Audrey and the other refugees working on some more arrows for their crossbows. \"Kristy! You made it just in time. We need some help with the arrows.\" Audrey looked up at Kristy and smiled. She and Audrey have been good friends ever since they met up just after the outbreak began. They teamed up and took up residence in her parent's vineyard where they began taking in other refugees. Audrey was impressed by Kristy's abilities and Kristy was also impressed by Audrey's skills. \"Did you learn anything new?\" Audrey asked as she began sculpting her next arrow. \"Yeah, subsiders are becoming a more frequent sight on the streets, and their blood supplies are beginning to dwindle.\" But you already know what happens after that. Chapter 2 Year: 2010 Coming Soon![Chapter 2] \"I decided as long as I was going to hell, I might as well do it thoroughly.\" -Edward Cullen-Twilight For the first time in a long time, Audrey was afraid. People around her were, changing. Her parents were no help, for they were also not prepared for the events that were currently taking place. Every time she goes to school she sees less and less of her friends, many having disappeared the night before. Audrey walked down the street from school, pace quickly speeding up to ensure she got home before sunset. She looked at the horizon as gasped as she realized that the sun had already began to set. She started to run faster towards her house which was just another block away. Suddenly she came to an abrupt halt. Slowly she turned, and in the array of twilight and shadow she saw nothing out of the ordinary. But she felt otherwise. She hesitated to call out but knew that would be stupid, nobody would reply even if she called. Audrey closed the door behind her, making sure to lock the door with the new double lock her parents had recently installed. She walked upstairs to her room where she threw down her books and plopped down on her bed. She sighed heavily and sat back up again. She looked out her window and realized that the sun was almost completely set. She remembered that not long ago she thought sunsets were beautiful and stunning. Now they just signaled the beginning of another long night. \"Audrey, dinner's ready!\" Audrey's mother called from the kitchen. \"Alright!\" Audrey yelled from her bedroom. She hurried down the stairs and strived into the hall where her mother had dinner on the table. She sat down on the plastic chairs set up in front of the family's wooden table. Audrey's father was noticeably absent. \"Audrey, do you know where my large kitchen knife I use every once in a while? I know I don't use it that often but its been missing for a while now and I was wondering if you knew where it was.\" Audrey's mother asked. Audrey simply shrugged and continued to stare at her plate. \"Audrey honey, smile once in a while. All this frowning is bad for your health.\" Audrey's mother said while forcing a smile and trying her best to sound upbeat. \"I can't, besides what's to smile about anymore?\" Audrey asked, clearly annoyed by her mother's attempts to force her to be happy. \"Hey, Audrey, maybe you, your father, and I could escape to the family vineyard for a few days, you'll like that right?\" Audrey's mother asked, hoping it would cheer her up. \"Ok, I guess, but where's dad?\" Audrey asked, head down, staring blankly at her plate. \"He's probably just running late from work, you know your father.\" her mother replied, attempting to sound cheerful while also having a sad, worried look on her face that matched Audrey's. Audrey didn't have to look out the window to know that the sun had completely set already. She pushed her food towards her mother and stood up. \"I'm not hungry, I'm going to my room.\" Audrey said with her head facing the floor. \"Audrey, come back here! You need to eat your dinner!\" her mother said as any mother would. \"I said I'm not hungry, leave me alone!\" Audrey repelled and stomped up to her room. Audrey flipped on the TV in her room. The screen flickered a little before the picture came on. Audrey turned to the news. Before all of this, she normally would have found the news boring. Now she watched it in hope of hearing some good news, although so far, none has come. The \"Vampire Epidemic\" was still the top story in the news, and Audrey was only slightly interested in what others thought about the so called \"vampires\". They could be demons for all she cared. Today's top story was about how scientists were searching for the bat that started the epidemic. I hope they give it a heavy douse of cyanide with it's daily supply of human flesh, Audrey thought. She gave up and turned off the TV and flopped down on the bed. She stared up at the ceiling, lost in a nearly endless sea of thoughts. Audrey was lurched upright by a loud crash coming from downstairs. She opened up her bedside drawer and pulled out the kitchen knife that she stole from her mother's kitchen. Slowly, she walked down the stairs with the knife behind her back. Once she reached the base of the stairs she heard another crash, this time she heard voices. She heard her father's voice, and two other voices who she didn't quite recognize. They appeared to be arguing and upon closer listening, Audrey realized it was them who were making the loud noises. She stepped into the hallway, but once her foot touched the wood flooring, a creek could be heard in upon contact. The noise stopped for a split second, then an even louder crash could be heard from the kitchen. Audrey took a deep breath, summoned all of her courage, and ran turned the corner that lead to the kitchen. She almost fainted at the sight. Two men in business suits had pinned her father to the ground. Audrey's mother was lying limp in the corner, crying with sheer terror in her eyes. Audrey knew these weren't men, they were vampires. They turned their menacing yellow eyes towards Audrey. She looked into their eyes with terror. One of them walked closer towards her, poised for attack. Suddenly, Audrey is frozen in place. Her fingers twitched while she still has her hands braced around the knife. Her eyes darted towards the broken screen window in which they must have entered. She slowly, nervously raises it above her head, blade pointing towards the predator. The other vampire was still struggling with Audrey's father, who now was almost unconscious. Audrey's father looked at them with desperate eyes. \"Don't hurt her, she's just a child.\". The vampire who had Audrey's father pinned down hazarded a glance towards Audrey. Audrey's father used this opportunity and tumbled out of the vampire's grasp. The other vampire ran towards Audrey, seeing she was distracted. Audrey screamed and slashed the air violently with her knife. She landed a hit across his chest, ripping his suit and causing a loud tearing noise that silenced the room. \"Run Audrey! Take the car, your mother and I will be fine!\" Audrey's father threw the keys to Audrey. Before she could catch them, the vampire closest to Audrey intercepted it and caught the keys in his hands. Audrey, determined to get the keys, ran up to the vampire and slashed at his hands. The keys slid to the floor behind Audrey. Audrey kicked him in the shin and ran towards the keys. Almost tripping she picked up the keys and ran across the hall. She slipped on her shoes by the doorway, picked up her school backpack, and flung herself out the door, knowing that her father had lied to her for the first and last time. ","Summary":" The Doctor's Orders A fan fiction by Tando Chapter 1 \"She ran, like so many did.\" - Charles Broml"},{"Movie":"Daybreakers","Title":"Images","Author":"Magical Shovel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7208257","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Images A surge of images is the equivalent to a surge of memories. Chaos with fondness and pain. Disclaimer: I don't own Bromley, Alison, Dalton, or any other characters from Daybreakers . I make no profit from this fanfic. A/N: For once, I decided to do something different. I got back in the writing mood. Thus, I decided to pursue the 100 Prompt Challenge (or one of them, at least). It's been a while and I just want to thank you, my readers, for all the favorites and follows! 1. Immortal Golden hues peered at the young soldier. In that moment of silence, Charles Bromley lifted his leg. His charcoal shoe made a light thud on his desk. Bromley clamped his pale hands onto his clothed knee. He pursed his lips, carefully contemplating his words. A thin smirk wavered onto his lips. \"You know, son… Immortality is the miracle and we are blessed.\" His fangs peeked out, asserting his opinion. 22. Wine The crimson fluid swirled in the glistening glass. He held it up towards the fluorescent lights. The liquid traveled back and forth, staining the sides of the glass. He pressed the chalice to his lips, savoring the decadent taste. 67. Lipstick Cerulean eyes peered humorously at his young daughter. Red smeared her lips and mascara bled down her cheeks. A grimace curved into a smile, followed by low laughter. The businessman approached his daughter and placed a hand on her shoulder. \"Oh, Alison,\" he said whilst shaking his head. Confusion flooded her features. \"I wanna be like Mommy.\" 78. Turning Point It wasn't his wife's death, but his own that became the turning point. As soon as the doctor diagnosed his condition, Bromley knew that everything was heading for the worst. What was he to say to Alison? His illness was so rare that the doctors had no cure. For now, Bromley would have to hide his condition and put on a palpable ruse. Surely, there was a suitable cure. He would become hell bent on finding it for the sake of his daughter. 79. Mercy Edward begged him for salvation. It was pitiful. Disgust flashed through his animalistic, corrupted eyes. He sneered at the hematologist. The man was a coward in the truest sense. Once departing the realm of immortality, Edward wanted nothing more than to return to it. Bromley clamped his hands behind his back, circling Dalton and the human female. It was similar to a shark closing in on its prey. Instead of mercy, Edward would get hell to pay upon returning to vampirism. 93. Abducted Upon his rebirth, he witnessed the disgust and horror in his daughter's eyes. Pain flashed over his face. Bromley had assumed that Alison would be ecstatic that he was still alive and still there for her. Not now. Retuning home from an evening of work, Bromley knew that something was awry. \"Alison,\" he called out warily. No response. He carefully treaded across kitchen tile. \"Alison!\" Bromley cried. Again, no response. In a frantic search, he tore apart the house. A lock of hair fell over his brow in response to the disarray. If his heart still beat, it would come to a halt. Was Alison taken? Bromley dreaded the thought. It wasn't until he saw the crumpled note that told him otherwise. 27. Cheating Charles Bromley cheated death. It was as simple as that. One day he was dying and the next he wasn't. He received an offer that he couldn't refuse: Immortality. Naturally, it was in the guise of a virus. Bromley didn't care. He anticipated it as a cure. 20. Stare Lightning crackled and thunder clapped. The rain fell in heavy torrents. It was reminiscent of a hose without an off switch. Water rolled down the thick, glass windows. The corporate vampire wasn't expecting a meeting for quite some time. He listened to the music of nature with a dreary sigh. He rose from his throne. The leather chair squeaked in protest. Designer shoes clicked across tile. Bromley stared out the window, entranced. The reflection of his suit stared back. 23. Searching He never gave up. That was the one thing she needed to know. No matter how much of a monster her father became. He was always determined to find her, even if that meant sending out the troops. Bromley even once risked going out to look for her himself. Calling out her name was to no avail. A ghastly scream sounded off in the nearby distance. A degenerated subsider headed straight for him. Ducking into his car, he sped off. He continued his search elsewhere. 91. Butterflies \"Aren't they beautiful?\" She inquired in a hushed tone that was full of awe. \"Quite,\" Charles replied as he leaned on the railing. A monarch butterfly landed on a daisy. It's antennae wiggled to and fro as its wings came to a halt. \"I'm glad you took the day off, Charlie,\" she said. A bright smile remained on her nimble face. Charles wrapped an arm around his wife in response. Together, they watched the butterflies.[Chapter 2] A/N: Thanks for the reads/reviews! I know it's been a long time since I've updated this. I'm sorry about that. I've been busy. =w=; I vow to finish this, though! I will do one hundred prompts. / Anywhosel, I hope you enjoy this! 6. Over Golden eyes widened as he doubled over, choking and coughing. A terrible ache surged through his body. The pain felt similar to when he first made the step towards immortality. He gagged, clutching the table for support. Through the midst of pain, he seethed. How dare he be fooled? Had he not been weakened, he would've killed Dalton on spot. Unfortunately, he couldn't as he was secured to throne of a chair. Gold dissolved into natural cerulean. Thrust into the elevator, Bromley headed towards his demise. 39. Coffee Break \"Coffee?\" The female assistant inquired with a simple gesture. Bromley nodded. \"Do you have a preference as to the type?\" \"Type O Positive would be lovely,\" he murmured whilst scanning his paperwork. 52. Pills He swallowed the cocktail of pills with distaste. They were always chalky no matter what liquid he drained them with. He ran a calloused hand over his weathered features. A deep sigh rumbled from the depths of his chest. Discoloration hung underneath his eyes. One of these pills would have to work eventually. He made a vow that he wouldn't abandon Alison. 57. Power Power came in the form of a corporate suit. He felt like a king rather than a mere vampire. He played the game of God. He was in charge of the blood banks. He controlled the fluctuation (or lack thereof) of that crimson substance. It would all come down to a price. Power always crumbled within. 8. White Noise He walked into his lovely abode, much like a panther. Shoulders lowered and raised as he made his descent down the dark corridor. Glistening boots clicked against the simplistic wood. The CEO dipped his hand into the collar of his shirt, effectively loosening his tie. Thunder clapped. He ignored the harsh noise. Bromley prowled his domain as he surely was king. After 'settling down', his shoes had been kicked off. His blazer was draped over the dark futon. He turned on the television, wine glass in hand. Static jolted on the television. Hues of black, sprinkled with white, crackled and snapped. Snow. White noise. Bromley zoned out. The noise was not too soothing as it brought back one too many memories. Alison screaming. Alison sobbing. Alison arguing. Alison burning. 37. Lonely Road Pale hands gripped the steering wheel of his sleek Jaguar. The sky was perfectly clear for once. No clouds, no stars. The moon, too, seemed to be hidden from Bromley's golden gaze. The corner of his lip curled, resembling something of a snarl. Even the road was empty as no cars tailgated or sped by. The monotony sent him into a trance-like state. He paid little head to the lithe figured that were about to scurry across the road. A female face turned to look at the car. Her gaze fixated on the driver's side. Bromley skid to a halt, holding nonexistent breath. He would let the humans live. All because she bared resemblance to her. 50. Played for a fool Charles Bromley despised betrayal. It was the ugliest trait of humankind. It was slimy and crafty (similar to himself). The simple act of betrayal brought out the worst in the vampire. Alison's death had proved such. Her damned resilience- Just like her mother. Until the very end… So, why should he be fooled again? Rather… Why was he betrayed for the third time? As cliché as it was: elementary. The way Dalton begged for vampirism was damn near pathetic as his human concubine bled. It brought a sneer upon Bromley's face even as his shoulders hunched in a predatory stance. It was the humanity in Dalton's eyes. Humanity in Alison's eyes. That was what drove him to sink his fangs deep into the nape of Dalton's neck. The new, live blood coursing through his veins served as atonement. 56. Wealth \"I'll buy you anything, Allie. Sweetheart -\" His voice was desperate, shaky. Charles' hands clamped together in a desperate attempt to hide the pill bottle. \"I don't need that, Dad,\" Alison spoke softly. She didn't look at his hands. She already knew the truth that lurked within his frantic, cerulean eyes. \"Oh, Sweetheart. If only I could buy us more time…\" He began before his body gave out to a brutal coughing fit. 90. Marzipan \"Why don't we try this, Dear?\" Her perfectly manicured nail pointed at the bold word. \"Marzipan Tart?\" Charles inquired with a lift of his brow. She nodded with an equally perfect smile. \"And if we share, does that mean you'll marry me?\" He asked with a coy grin. 74. Spatula Under no circumstance, could Charles Bromley cook. It was a known fact of life as he slid the spatula into the pan. He flipped the pancake, only to have it stick to the ceiling. Complete and utter confusion filled his face. To top it all off, the plastic of the spatula began to melt. He repressed a groan. His daughter watched with wide, brown eyes. She looked at her father before looking at the ceiling. Once more, she looked at him and back to the pancakes on the ceiling. \"You tried, Daddy.\" He sighed, running a hand through his ruffled locks. \"But can we go to iHop?\" Alison asked. ","Summary":" Images A surge of images is the equivalent to a surge of memories. Chaos with fondness and pain. Di"},{"Movie":"Daybreakers","Title":"Metamorphosis","Author":"OpheliacAngel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6680248","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Metamorphosis Chapter 1: Loss Edward curled up on his couch and tried to get some sleep. He was exhausted by all that had happened the last few months. Nearly every person on the planet was a bloodsucking creature that hunted humans and whose greed consumed the good left out there. He closed his eyes but he only felt worse by being rewarded with a headache that just throbbed and throbbed. There were flashes of what had occurred last week, words he hoped to never hear spoken to him. The only family he had left in the world was corrupted. Corrupted and thirsty. \"Hello?\" \"Ed.\" \"Frankie? You realize what time it is. It's 3 o'clock in the morning.\" \"Yeah I know. I couldn't sleep.\" \"Everything okay? Nothing happened out there right?\" \"No. Nothing happened.\" \"Then why are you calling?\" The longest pause he had ever experienced. And now looking back on it, it was for a reason. Frankie wasn't sure at the time how he would react. \"Ed…I did it.\" \"Did what?\" \"Ed…I'm sorry.\" \"Sorry? Frankie what the hell are you talking about?\" \"It was the only way to make it through alive out here. Everyone on the team's done it now.\" \"Frankie, what did you do?\" \"I had Charlie turn me, Ed.\" Edward let the phone slip out of his fingers. Everything was draining away, they had taken his Frankie away from him. His eyes grew wide and he had to grab onto the table to prevent himself from falling. Frankie…No… \"Ed? Ed, you still there?\" He picked the phone back up and regretted now what he had said. \"Don't call here again, Frankie.\" He hung up and walked to the cabinet to drink some red wine to calm his nerves. He was shaking so badly, with rage and with hurt. Frankie had hurt him, in the worst possible way. He had promised him he wouldn't turn. And now it was over. It was done. There was no turning back from that. He threw the bottle at the wall and watched as the blood-like wine poured everywhere, soaking him and his shirt along with the floor and walls. He screamed and cried, sinking down to the floor. And with his head in his hands, he wept for what he had just lost. To be continued…[Chapter 2] Metamorphosis Chapter 2: Knocking on Reality's Door Edward's headache became less intense the more he relived the events of the past week. But he didn't want to relive them. There wasn't much he could do but just close his eyes and let memory guide him through the hurt and the pain and the anger that that was nothing he could have done. He had been like a little butterfly when Frankie had flown on top of him. He could still feel himself sinking, sinking like he had done when his brother's fangs were in his neck. He had let the pain take him and had left it all to Frankie to deal with the aftermath for the time being. But that hadn't changed the fact that he was now having to deal with the aftermath himself. And there was one to turn to. How could he talk to Frankie when he could barely look him in the eyes now? There were days when he hated him, hated him for what he promised never to do. But then there were days when he was just too tired to hate, which were becoming more and more. He knew his brother had done it out of love for him. That he would rather have gone behind his back to protect him rather than listen to him and let him die. But he still hated him. Cause he would have died, he knew, if he remained a human. He would have been dead in the next day or so. But he didn't care. He would have died to honor humanity. His humanity. Knock knock. \"Who is it?\" \"Ed, let me in.\" He had wearily gotten up and unlatched the door to let his younger brother step inside. \"What do you want, Frankie?\" \"I just need a place to stay for a few days.\" Edward nodded and walked towards the kitchen to get him some wine. \"You can have the spare room upstairs. It's already set up for you.\" Frankie followed him to the kitchen. Edward stared at him in disgust as he pulled a bottle of red looking stuff out of his duffel bag. He knew what it was. Blood. His brother, who was in the armed forces hunting down the last remaining humans, got bottles of it for free. This wasn't the first one he had seen, just the first one he had seen that belonged to his brother. He stepped away and splashed some water on his face from the sink. \"You treat it like it's poison.\" \"That's cause it is poison.\" Edward looked back up and could have sworn his brother's eyes just turned red. \"I have to drink it. To survive.\" \"Yeah, cause you went and turned yourself into a damn bloodsucker.\" \"We live in a world filled with vampires right now. It's normal. It's necessary. Of course, you were never one to adapt to change. And you're gonna get yourself killed one day because of it.\" \"Gee Frankie, I never knew you wanted to be like everyone else. I never knew you wanted to be a freak.\" Frankie wanted to inch up closer but his brother didn't look too good. He was clearly agitated. So he kept his distance for the time being. \"You really would have wanted me to stay human? It would have killed me.\" \"You don't know that.\" Ed ran a hand through his hair and tried like hell not to walk away. Deep down he knew he and Frankie needed to have this talk. And it was better done sooner than later. \"Stop lying to yourself. Of course it would have. And it's not ethical to have humans hunt humans.\" \"Oh, and you think it's ethical to turn yourself into one of those things?\" \"Things? Vampires Ed, vampires. I'm a vampire. And it's time you start to accept it. Cause this was my choice. I chose to survive. And you want to hate me for that?\" Edward sighed in frustration and walked closer. As close as he allowed himself to go, which was still about a foot away from Frankie. \"I don't hate you Frankie. I'm just disgusted with you. I just can't deal with this right now.\" He turned away from him and paced around the kitchen. \"I came here to make peace with you big brother.\" \"Just get that thing out of my kitchen\", he pointed to the full bottle. Frankie stepped closer to his brother but he only stepped farther away. He sighed and put it back in his bag. \"Happy now?\" \"Not really\", Edward shrank away from his last remaining family. \"Ed listen.\" He looked back up into his brother's eyes, where he saw no red this time. \"You promised me. You promised me you would never resort to this.\" He could feel the tears coming now. And he'd be damned to allow himself to let them fall in front of his younger brother. But what could he do? He was pushed past his breaking point ages ago. He couldn't deal. Edward Dalton was a fighter. But it was becoming harder and harder for him to fight in a world like this. And it was too late to fight for his brother. He had let him down, let him slip right through his fingers. \"Well, what was I supposed to do? I'm pretty vulnerable in this world when I'm a human, Ed.\" He begged Frankie to understand for his sake. Forcing him to look into his eyes and see the extent of the pain he had caused him. \"You should have kept your promise.\" Frankie paused and licked his lips, remembering past life with Ed. \"Remember when we were kids? We always promised that we would look after each other. No matter what.\" Edward turned away and shook his head, remembering all those times. He had been the one to say it the most, him being the eldest. It was too late to look after Frankie now. \"You're not looking out for me. You never did.\" \"I've always looked out for you!\" \"No Frankie. You're just…You're not my brother anymore.\" \"You don't mean that!\" \"Just go away, Frankie.\" His little brother just stood there, horrorstruck at what he was saying. Ed turned around and hated himself for saying those things but hating Frankie for doing this to himself. He was a monster. A sickening monster who was in his house trying to make him understand. Well, he couldn't understand. In fact, it was his brother who couldn't understand. \"I love you, Edward. I always have. And I'm doing this for you. Because you would do the same for me.\" Edward shook his head and saw his brother advance towards him out of the corner of his eye. \"Frankie?\" He was so scared and he couldn't stop his body from shaking violently as his brother walked forward, arms held out as if to hug him but with a certain look in his eye that Ed did not like one bit. Edward walked backwards, terrified, nearly crashing into the wall. He led Frankie out to the living room. \"I'm so sorry big brother. But I love you far too much.\" Frankie lunged. To be continued…[Chapter 3] Metamorphosis Chapter 3: Pulling out the Wings of a Butterfly Present Frankie sat on the steps leading up to the second floor. Thinking and waiting. Edward would be home any time now. All he had to do was wait, wait and think back wondering if there was anything more he could have done. Anything more he could have said. He could remember the words spoken better than anything else… Past Frankie lunged. Edward screamed in agony and fought against it. But Frankie was too strong and as more and more of his precious blood drained away he grew weaker and weaker. He could feel himself sinking down into death, into darkness, into nothing. And he thought this is what it must feel like to die. This was it. It was over. His humanity, his life was over. Please just let me go, Frankie. This is too much. I'm dying and the pain is…depleting. He didn't only feel himself sinking emotionally, it was physically too. Although he really couldn't keep track of much anymore. His sight was gone, his hearing and his sense of smell too. Everything went numb and the pain started to fade away into the background as he sank farther into the abyss and into the recesses of his mind. And the only thing he felt was Frankie holding him up and lowering him down to the ground. His teeth were still in his neck, he was still drinking his blood as if he was just some form of prey some form of meat. He had held one of the last fragments of humanity in him and now it was extinguished. You just devoured my soul. He faded and he drowned and he wanted more than anything to breach the surface and breathe. Cause right now he couldn't breathe at all. And there was nothing left to breathe for anyway. His eyes were closed and he was gone. The last thing he felt was someone stroking his hair and he could almost hear the words of apology. He could almost hear the words of loss. I love you brother. I only wish you knew how much. Gone… Present Frankie looked up as the door clicked open and his brother shuffled inside, looking like hell and barely able to keep himself on his feet. Frankie walked over but Edward put his hands up in warning. \"Don't touch me.\" \"Ed…\" \"Just leave me alone.\" He threw his coat on the back of a chair, rolled up his sleeves, and collapsed on the couch. \"You should eat something\" Frankie tried. He wouldn't quit that easily. Especially when it came to his brother. \"Don't need to anymore remember?\" Edward laid back and shut his eyes, rubbing a hand tiredly over his face. \"That's not what I meant. And have you even been getting any sleep?\" \"Not lately.\" Frankie sighed, \"I just want you to be okay big brother.\" \"I'm fine.\" \"No, you're not. Look at yourself.\" Ed opened his eyes and looked up at the figure standing directly above him. \"What about me?\" \"You're killing yourself, Ed. You need to drink.\" \"No.\" \"Please. For me. \"No. I can't.\" \"Edward.\" \"Just because you turned me into this doesn't mean I'm gonna play by the rules.\" \"You'd really let yourself die?\" \"Better than living like this.\" \"Fine\", Frankie stormed out of the room and was seconds away from escaping through that door when… \"Wait.\" He stopped in his tracks and looked behind him. His brother was off the couch and struggling to stand, pleading him with his eyes, and ready to chase after him if need be. Frankie suddenly felt guilty and walked closer, wrapping his arms around the only thing he cared about anymore, the only thing he ever cared about. Even when he left home Edward was never far from his thoughts. They were brothers and they looked after each other. Cause they loved each other. \"I won't stand by and watch you kill yourself.\" \"I know. Just don't leave.\" \"I'm right here with you bro. Right here every step of the way.\" \"Don't leave me, Frankie. I can't do this alone.\" \"You'll never be alone.\" Past Edward came to feeling like he had been run over by a train, like he had been drowned and dumped on the side of the road and left there in agony for days. His eyes were glued shut and strangely that's what pissed him off the most. He couldn't look at this pitch black anymore. He was alive now, at least that's what he thought, and he should be able to see light, anything at all. But he couldn't see and he fought against it with every bit of strength that he had lost coming back to him. He groaned and it took a few minutes for him to move. But he didn't waste any amount of time when he gained control of his limbs. He flew up from his laying position. But he instantly regretted it. Gasping for breath and falling immediately back down was not on his list of accomplishments for today. And the pain was back with a new ferocity. \"Ed.\" Was that…Was that Frankie? He opened his mouth but words wouldn't come out, just like his eyes still wouldn't open. \"Don't try to talk. It takes a little while to recover.\" Little while? How long had he even been out? Goddammit Frankie, talk. Talk! \"I was worried. You were out for five hours. That must be a new record. Although, he mumbled, they say people who hold on to humanity stronger than most have it harder.\" Stronger than most? What, so people just let go of being normal and human that easily? Apparently. What have you done to me, Frankie? What am I now? \"Ed? You okay?\" He didn't respond cause he couldn't. But he wouldn't have responded anyway. He wanted Frankie to feel guilty. He had done this to him. He didn't deserve the satisfaction of knowing he was okay. \"Drink.\" A glass was placed to his lips and Edward obeyed cause his thirst had to be quenched. Though he didn't find it satisfying. And the thing he knew he would find satisfying scared him more than he could say. He would eventually have to drink it. Blood. The thought of it made him gag. A warm hand was placed to the back of his neck and he was pulled slowly upwards as he drank more and more. It was strange. Vampires were supposed to be ice cold, that's probably why he was shaking so badly. But Frankie actually felt warm, like a human. He even smelled human. The glass was pulled away and instead of being lowered back down, which he really didn't want, his brother wrapped his arms around him and pulled him into a hug. Edward was too weak to hold on but he didn't need to cause Frankie was holding on to him so tightly, as if he would just run away spur of the moment when he couldn't even hold himself up. Part of Ed wanted to push this monster away and fall back down, but there was something so comforting about his brother right now that he didn't want him to let go. He felt human, he smelled like his brother, and he himself felt love emanating from his transformer. He could feel him stroking his hair and crying, and that was what made his eyes fly open. \"I thought I lost you, Ed.\" He choked back further tears and pulled Edward away to look at him. His eyes were open now but he was still shivering pretty badly so he reached down to the couch to grab a blanket lying there and wrapped it around him, still holding him. \"Frankie.\" His voice still sounded pretty weak, but that didn't keep his little brother from smiling so wide like he had when they were kids. Ed was gonna be okay. He was gonna be more than okay now that he wasn't a human. His now yellow eyes looked him straight in his own eyes, and he felt a surge of pride, of love, a surge of confidence. Him and his big brother were now officially united once more. And Frankie loved this feeling. So he didn't, like an idiot, feel the least bit of doubt when he held another glass, a different glass to his lips this time. A glass he had filled with his own blood. All for Edward. Poured from his body with love from him. He just didn't think he would've had such a strong reaction. \"No.\" Ed wanted it to come out as a scream, an outraged cry. But he was still too weak to live up to that. So it sounded more like a plea. Not the effect he wanted to have on Frankie. \"Ed you have to. It gets harder if you hold off longer.\" \"I said no.\" \"Sooner or later…\" \"Get out of my goddamn house!\" Edward felt a powerful surge of anger rise up in him. This enabled his voice to sound menacing and threatening, even more so than when he had been human. And he loved that he was able to knock the glass right out of his hands and watch it shatter to the floor. It looked so decadent so good so…No. Absolutely not. He would never give in. He thought Frankie would get mad, but he didn't. He just let go, so no more comforting arms surrounded him, but he could hold himself up now anyway. He held up his hands and walked back upstairs but Edward didn't feel the slightest bit guilty. Because Frankie had turned him, this was his fault, he had made him into the bloodthirsty monster he now was. He screamed once more before his need for blood caught up with him and knocked him out without another thought flowing through his enraged mind. Present \"I'm gonna leave. For a little while at least.\" Edward looked up from his comfy position on the couch. His brother was standing at the door leading away from his life, bags packed and face surprisingly full of regret and grief. He suddenly didn't want him to go. \"You don't have to do that.\" He got up and walked over because that was his brother standing there, that was his brother leaving him here like this. He was broken. Frankie broke him. And Frankie still had yet to fix him. \"I think it's for the best.\" \"No, Edward shook his head sadly, It's not. I'm getting better. I am.\" \"It's not about that, Ed. It's about what I did to you. That's on me. I just think you need some time alone.\" \"You said you wouldn't leave.\" \"I know. But I'm doing this for you big brother. Because I…\" \"Because you love me. I love you too.\" Frankie smiled and they hugged. The door opened and Ed could already feel himself breaking again. Could feel his soul shattering into tiny pieces. \"I'm sorry, Edward.\" And with that he closed the door and it seemed like he was never there in the first place. He felt like he should open it again and say something. But there was nothing to say. He would be back anyway. Edward went into the kitchen to get some blood but he ended up throwing it on the nicely polished tile. So he curled back up on the couch and thought painfully again of what he had just lost. His humanity, his innocence, his happiness. And more importantly… His childlike love for Frankie FIN ","Summary":" Metamorphosis Chapter 1: Loss Edward curled up on his couch and tried to get some sleep. He was exh"},{"Movie":"Imagine Me & You","Title":"So the story goes","Author":"moragh33","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11071309","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I'd never seen her so flustered, so confused, so cross with herself. She marched up to me, her face flashing first with what looked like pleasure before it got drowned by the frustration, the self-regulation. \"No- You can't-\" she kept interrupting herself. \"I don't want you to be happy to see me.\" She barrelled past me into the shop, ignoring my worried and questioning 'ok'. It spilled out of her, confused and confusing, the recognition of a feeling I had suspected from the start and that had completely sideswiped her. \"You make me feel something that I cannot possibly feel-\" I'd never felt so strong a mix of elation and alarm; she'd admitted that I made her feel something but was almost frantic in her distress. \"Whatever this is or was it's got to stop and it's got to stop now, do you understand?\" I felt like a chastised child. \"It's over.\" And then I felt my heart break in a way that was by no means childish. She stormed past me, the door swinging wide and leaving me grasping at the wall as I tried to process the fact that I may never see the woman I loved ever again. The door rattled open again and before I knew it I found myself in heaven. Her grip was strong on the collar of my jacket, crushing me to her with a desperation that I knew only too well. I pressed back against her, drinking in this moment, this near fantastical new development, with all my might, half afraid that I would wake from the wonderful hallucination at any second. But the feel of her shoving my jacket ferociously down from my shoulders was no hallucination; the taste of her lips, the silken smoothness of her skin, the scent of her hair, all were part of my new reality. We tumbled down in a scuffle of grasping hands and gasping mouths, the searing flames of repressed passion engulfing us entirely. Until- \"Ow!\" That was not the good slight pain of too passionate hands and mouths. \"Oh, ow! Thorns! Thorns in my bum!\" Her cascading laughter was so relaxed, so free of the near hysterical distress from before. The happiness I felt as she unceremoniously pulled me across her lap to free me from my botanical attacker was absurd. The giggles and sighs and peace and joyous serenity of that moment as I reached up to caress her cheek, her forehead leant gently and intimately down onto mine, surpassed the goodness of any moment in my life up until that one. But it was very firmly and explosively shattered by a gentle and unassuming voice from the other side of the door. \"Hello? Luce?\" Hec. \"Rachel! Rachel, talk to me!\" She'd just disappeared, vanished out the back of my shop. \"What do you want me to say?\" Her voice was choked with unshed tears, that pained and frantic guilt threatening to overwhelm her again. \"I heard him! Jesus, I heard him and he's blaming himself.\" This was it; I had to do something, I couldn't watch her destroy herself with guilt any longer. \"You could put an end to this.\" She span around to me, furiously demanding some simple and perfect solution, her face falling in poignant distress as the reality of my not so simple and certainly not perfect solution registered: time and distance, those cruel 'healers'. \"Is that what you want?\" All the loud, demanding fury fled her, leaving her with quiet, heart-wrenching uncertainty. And much as my instinct was to be the brave one, to make her decision easier for her, I knew I couldn't do that to myself; I couldn't lie to save her, I couldn't face a lifetime of 'what if's and regrets. \"I want you.\" \"Luce-\" It was almost more a whimper than a word, her voice starting to crumble as water began to gather in her eyes. \"Luce; I can't-\" I knew that would be her answer. I knew it with 99% of my being, it had just been that irritating and persistent spark of hope that had made me force her to say it. I knew she would say it though; the fact that she would was part of the reason I loved her. She would rather hurt herself than break her vow, than inflict that pain on her dearest friend, that gentle man who'd done no wrong. \"I know.\" She was trying to put reasons in words, but I knew the reasons and knew that neither of us needed or wanted them verbalised. I saw her folding in on herself, being crushed under the weight of her conflict, under the weight of not wanting to hurt anyone and knowing that she would. \"We'll be ok.\" I had to reassure her, to reassure myself. I knew, I'd seen it before, the world would end for a while, but we'd each find it and start it again somehow. Time, that magic- Her face twisted and she had to look away as some of that gathered water in her eyes began to escape. I pulled her to me, unable to look at her pain but needing to give that quick comfort, to receive it. I pressed my lips against her jaw, inhaling that scent one last time as her hands wove into my hair. \"Don't forget me.\" \"I won't remember anything else.\" Her whisper cut through me as she squeezed tighter for a moment, letting me know that my agony was hers, that this solution solved very little. I pulled away, unable to bear the gaping proximity any longer. Her fingers tangled with mine, grasping on as long as possible until we were too far apart, the distance now too great, and her grip was gone. I didn't look back; I didn't dare. \" Imagine me and you, I do; I think about you day and night...\" The cyclist flitted past, irritating me with his ability to pass the traffic the wrong way down a one-way street and with his frustratingly relevant song. My phone rang and it was her. I had to be firm, I couldn't allow any leeway. I knew I didn't have it in me to be 'just friends' right now. I hung up, sighing with pained relief. I sat there trying to block out the sound of my taxi driver's 'conversation', trying to block out the sound of her voice in my head, the memory of her pushing me down among the flowers and spreading out underneath me as we rolled around. The smooth softness of her lips and the faint scent of coconuts; the wicked way she bit my lip and then sucked it; the near inaudible moan as one of my hands reached down to pull her over by her ass- \"You're a wanker number nine!\" I was fairly certain I wasn't hearing voices in my head, wasn't recreating the memory of my own voice somehow translated and slightly muted into hers. \"I can do this! I can do this!\" She was here. She was calling me out. She was saying she could do this. She was shouting it at the top of her lungs. I scrambled out of the taxi, ignoring the protests of the creature driving it, and hauled myself onto the truck platform next to me; I needed higher ground to see properly, to see- \"I can do this!\" There she was. I saw her standing there, atop her parents' posh monstrosity of a vehicle. As our eyes met, I felt that thrill yet again, the same as in the church that first time only stronger; I knew she was the one, the one to fill the empty spaces inside me. As that glorious smile broke out across her face, I couldn't help but let one form upon mine, couldn't help but follow her magnetic motion, running down the street toward her. Her hands were on my hips as I cradled her face, each of us relieved to be able to feel each other's warmth again. There was that smile again and I had to taste it, to feel it. But then I needed to know- \"What happened? What changed?\" \"I told him and he let me go.\" She said it so simply, like it hadn't been one of the bravest and most courageous things I'd ever known someone to do, on both of their parts. \"He deserved to know, I owed it to him, but then he said he couldn't stand in the way of my happiness.\" That smile returned as she tugged me closer against her. \"And that happiness is with you.\" The relief, the washing away of fear, the feeling of being complete, it was finally here. Here in the middle of the road, with people gawking from every angle, here with Rachel held close against me, this was it: the thing I'd lost hope of finding, though I'd felt the gaping wound of its absence every day. \"I love you.\" Her words, whispered softly against my lips, set me on fire even as shivers of delight rushed through me. \"And I love you.\" She'd pulled back to meet my eyes, and now that sparkling smile shone radiantly forth again, begging to be kissed. I was only too willing to acquiesce. \"So I know this must be the strangest paced courtship I've ever come across, but I'd really quite like to introduce you to my parents again as my girlfriend rather than as the florist.\" Her grin was wide as she searched out my response, and I couldn't help but chuckle; who even uses the word 'courtship'? \"Sounds good to me,\" I smiled as I looked again to where her parents were stood watching us and noticed my own mum sat grinning like a Cheshire cat in the car. \"And I see you've met my mum already?\" She blushed, wincing a little. \"Yes, well, I may have to do some smoothing over there; I kind of demanded to see you when I turned up at the shop. I don't think I gave a very good first impression.\" \"I can just picture the scene,\" I laughed. \"The imperious voice clashing against my mother's protective instincts.\" Her little pout was adorable. \"Honestly though, I can't imagine my mother not loving you once she's gotten to know you.\" Then again, I couldn't imagine anyone not loving her. \"This really is amazing, you know?\" \"What is?\" I was curious, uncertain as to what had brought out this wondrous and wide eyed smile, the almost awestruck daze. \"This whole thing,\" she gesticulated around us, reaching across the table to take one of my hands in hers. \"Being here with you, being able to hold your hand, say you're mine and I'm yours; knowing that I'm going to get at least a goodnight kiss from you tonight.\" She grinned, blushing as I raised an eyebrow. \"It's just kind of incredible that I didn't even realise what I was missing and then you just fell out of the sky into my world, making everything brighter and better.\" It was my turn to blush; I wasn't used to such open, frank praise. I dropped my eyes to where her hands were wrapped around mine, her thumbs drawing small circles around my knuckles. \"You're so beautiful, I just don't know what to do with myself sometimes.\" I smiled; what do you say to that? \"Well what do you want to do?\" She arched an eyebrow at me. \"I want to kiss you.\" My turn to arch an eyebrow. Her smile widened as she tugged me gently towards her, leaning across the table to meet in the middle. Her soft lips gently pushed and pulled against mine, one of her hands coming up to trace gently along my jaw. \"I know we have a bit of a thing for making public spectacles of ourselves, but I don't think we should explore too far beyond the 'at least a goodnight kiss' thing when we're still at the restaurant.\" I met her eyes as I tried to slow my heart rate and calm my breathing, watching her do the same as she grinned under my gentle chastisement. \"Well,\" her grin widened, not helping my attempts to calm down, \"maybe I should call for the cheque then?\" And so saying, she caught the eye of a waitress, politely and calmly requesting the bill. We made our way slowly down the street, our hands tangling together in their slow and purposeful dance as the conversation flowed easily. Her small new rented flat was only a block away from mine; we hadn't wanted to fulfil every lesbian stereotype so didn't just move in together straight away but, as she'd put it, there was no need to put in extra distance. We ground to a halt as we approached her building, the skirt of her dress floating up a little as she span around to me. She leaned in, pressing her lips to mine, their beautifully soft firmness capturing me yet again as her hands slipped around my waist. \"Come up with me,\" she whispered the words in my ear before she pulled back, her eyes serious as they met mine. It had been just over two months since her birthday, since Hec had so graciously and lovingly released her to follow her own happiness at the cost of his own. She'd wanted me to take her to bed that first night, eagerly roaming hands making her request when we were finally alone in my flat, but I knew it wouldn't have been a good idea, much as my responsive body told me otherwise. I knew she was not the kind of person who could feel good about breaking the heart of someone she'd loved for years and sleeping with someone else the same day; I didn't want our first time together to be tarnished by that pain and once I'd regretfully made her hear me out she had reluctantly agreed. We both wanted better things for us. But now, nine weeks later, as she asked me to come upstairs, asked me to take what she wanted to give, asked me to give what she wanted to take, my reservations dissolved and only the desire to show her quite how in love with her I was remained. I pressed back into her, closing my eyes in reverence as I felt her tongue on my lips again, pulling back after a long moment to gently rest my forehead against hers as I whispered, \"Ok.\" The smile that greeted me when I opened my eyes was one of the most dazzlingly beautiful things I'd ever seen. She pressed another quick kiss against my lips before fumbling through her clutch bag to find the key. She grabbed my hand and pulled me through the doorway with her, leading the way up the first flight of stairs to her flat, the sound of our footsteps echoing slightly up the stairwell. Her hand was warm in mine as she led me through the flat to her bedroom, but her silence had me slightly concerned. I squeezed her hand, in an attempt to reassure, but she flashed me that brilliant smile again as she turned back towards me, walking backwards now as we entered her room. \"Are you nervous?\" I asked gently as she closed the door behind me. She looked surprised, cocking her head slightly as she took my free hand so she now had both of mine cradled in hers, drawing me closer and pressing a small kiss to my knuckles. \"I hadn't really thought about it like that before, but I suppose I am a little.\" She frowned. \"Well, not nervous exactly, more excited with a hint of concern that it'll be painfully obvious that I don't really know what I'm doing.\" She let out a little chuckle of amusement as she met my eye. \"I suppose it's first time jitters, really.\" She smiled again, pulling my arms down and around her waist as she stepped closer, her long fingered hands coming up to caress along my jaw line before they tangled into my hair. \"But then I remember who I'm having my first time with and I realise that there's nothing to be jittery about because I know you'll take care of me and love me and I'll love you and it'll be perfect in every way imaginable.\" She leaned in to briefly press her lips to mine, pulling back just to nuzzle against me affectionately. \"Well that is certainly true,\" I agreed, nuzzling back and capturing her lips once again. \"But just know that we don't have to rush this, we can go at your pace.\" \"Good,\" she grinned, kissing me again, \"so you won't mind if I get us moving along at a slightly faster pace than this, will you?\" She smirked at me, meeting my eye as she began to release the buttons of my fitted grey waistcoat. I caught my breath as her sure fingers brushed against my chest, moving down my stomach until all the buttons were undone and she could push the waistcoat from my shoulders. \"I'll take that as a no,\" she grinned at my somewhat breathless silence and I met her eye again, a smirk finding its way onto my face before I moved forward to taste her lips again. Her tongue quickly darted out, begging for entrance which I readily granted, my hands gripping tighter around her waist and pulling her close as she tangled her fingers through my hair again. The slight swell of her hips under my palms, the dip at the small of her back, the slimness of her waist and the soft warmth of her body were so intoxicating; knowing that these were all elements of the great beauty that I would uncover that night sent my mind reeling and ripped a moan of appreciation from deep within me as she tugged hard on my lower lip. I felt her hands move down again, this time to do battle with the buttons of the snug black shirt I was wearing and my skin burned where she brushed her fingers against it as she did battle with the buttons. Reaching the lowest ones, she had to tug the shirt from where it had tucked into my trousers; she pulled back from the kiss for a moment, snapping free the large silver belt buckle with almost a sense of outraged anger that it had dared to impede her. I had to smile; that tiny outrage was so adorable. Not to mention the grin of triumph as she succeeded, my shirt now loose enough to be pulled away. The grin faded slightly as her eyes roamed across the newly revealed skin and I tried not to feel too self-conscious as she slowly pushed the shirt down my arms, her eyes still fixedly drinking in my torso. \"I always knew you'd be beautiful, but I feel like I'm undressing some kind of divine being, some mystic goddess of loveliness.\" I couldn't help but laugh a little; her imagination really could run off with her. \"I'm serious,\" her wide eyes rose up to meet my laughter, a slightly bashful grin forming on her face. \"I know you are, babe,\" I replied, feeling warmth rising in me to beam through my smile, \"that's what's so entertaining.\" I leaned in to capture her slightly bewildered smiling lips as my hands, now free from the shirt, snuck back around her to undo the hook and eye of her dress. I felt her breathing grow more laboured as I held her close, slowly drawing the zip down from her neck to the small of her back. My own heart was hammering; the combination of her hands reverently exploring the bare skin of my lower back and sides and the knowledge that I was about to get her out of that dress was more than enough to set my pulse off the charts of its norm. \"Are you sure about this?\" I needed her to be sure. She looked at me like I'd just asked the most ridiculous question she'd ever heard, reaching behind her to pull the zip the last of the way down and taking my hands in hers so there was nothing left to hold the dress up. It fluttered to the floor in shimmering waves of dark green and I swallowed hard as she pushed against me, walking me backward till my calves hit the bed and I sat, mouth dry and eyes wide with the vision of her before me. Her smooth golden skin called to me, contrasting beautifully with the black lace of her matching bra and panties. Her long legs seemed to go on forever and her toned muscles popped with the predatory pose the heels she still wore lent her. \"I,\" she began, bringing one hand up to gently trace her fingers along my jaw, \"have never been more sure of anything in my entire life.\" She flicked off her shoes, her face softening as she crouched down before me, her hands resting on my thighs to balance. \"Luce, baby, I'm in love with you; you make me want you more than I even knew it was possible to want someone. Trust me?\" I smiled, blushing; how could I not? \"Ok.\" Her delighted grin shot fire straight into my stomach as she pushed up to meet my mouth in a tender kiss. \"I love you too,\" I whispered as she pulled back to rest her forehead against mine. \"Well then,\" she replied, her grin reappearing as she rose to her feet, pulling me up with her, \"you won't hold this advantage you have over me any longer.\" She laughed at my slightly confused look, before tugging at the button of my trousers. \"You had to do one zip, whereas I've already gone through an eternity of buttons and you're still wearing more clothes than me.\" She popped the button free as she finished, tugging at the zip and pushing at the denim. I smiled and helped, wriggling free until I was stood almost as bare as she was in my black bra and bright-white girl boxers. \"Nice choice,\" she smiled, snapping at the waistband. \"I never really got the girl boxers thing before, but I totally understand now.\" I grinned, pulling her back to me and revelling in the feeling of our bare skin pressed together as she kissed me. How we had managed to get to this place together, I did not know. How had we gone from that one look across the hall on the very day of her wedding, to being wrapped up in each other, in the give and take of our bodies together? It was a miracle that I would be forever grateful for. ","Summary":" I'd never seen her so flustered, so confused, so cross with herself. She marched up to me, her face"},{"Movie":"Imagine Me & You","Title":"La sonrisa de Sofía","Author":"vanemendoza","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11055230","Passage":"[Chapter 1] La Sonrisa de Sofía Paula tiene 24 años, Sofía tiene 22. Sofía estudia ingeniería y Paula estudia derecho. Sofía no cambiaría por nada un día en casa viendo películas con palomitas de maíz. A Paula le gustan los deportes extremos y la aventura. Sofía anhela viajar alrededor del mundo, Paula sueña con convertirse en una surfista profesional. Ama el sonido del mar mientras a Sofía le encanta la música clásica. Sofía ve pasar a Paula todos los días muy de prisa, Paula debe atravesar la facultad de ingeniería para llegar a la suya y no comprende aun, porque siempre que ve a Sofía su corazón palpita con mayor intensidad. Sofía tiene un estilo tan rosa como el de una flor, Paula viste elegante porque se lo exige de la carrera. Aunque sería la mujer más afortunada del mundo si pudiese usar siempre sus jeans favoritos con una fresca camiseta y tenis cómodos a la moda. Sofía piensa que la forma de vestir de Paula es igual al de una persona con ínfulas de grandeza. Paula tiene una competencia de surf para el fin de semana. Sofía recibe una invitación para una fiesta el viernes por la noche en el edificio residencial de los estudiantes de derecho. Se alista para la celebración, Paula recibe una inesperada llamada de su padre advirtiéndole que si no logra aprobar el semestre retirara su apoyo financiero. Decide no asistir al torneo. Sofía cree en el destino, Paula lamenta su suerte. Sofía muy contenta llega a la fiesta sin saber que esa noche cambiara su vida, tal vez para siempre. Paula observa la oscuridad de la noche y trata de concentrarse en su libro de leyes. Un par de tragos aumentan el ánimo de Sofía y la liberan de tenciones. La amiga de Paula ríe al verla tratando de concentrarse, dice que debe dejar de estudiar y salir con ella a la tradicional fiesta de la facultad de derecho. Paula piensa por un minuto en la propuesta pero en seguida recuerda la llamada de su padre; su amiga la persuade nuevamente diciendo que la ayudara luego a aprenderse las leyes. Ella sonriendo arroja a un lado los libros y sucumbe ante la tentación. Llegan al reventón y Paula recibe una bebida que la hace entrar en calor, comienza a moverse al ritmo de la música cuando de pronto, justo frente a ella está Sofía sentada conversando con un par de amigas. Le sorprende que se hayan infiltrado algunos estudiantes de otra facultad a la fiesta, Sofía virando sus ojos mira a Paula. Queda ensimismada al verla lucir un atuendo tan relajado aquella noche. Se detiene por un momento la música y Paula toma asiento para disfrutar de su trago, Sofía se aprovecha de la valentía otorgada por el alcohol y se dirige hacia ella sin pensarlo. Paula toma un sorbo de su bebida no logrando tragarlo al ver a Sofía, nerviosa por la situación se le ocurre saludarla, pero al intentarlo olvida tragar primero y al abrir sus labios se derrama el sorbo de alcohol que había tomado. Ambas se convierten en protagonistas de un vergonzoso momento y comienzan a reírse por ello; Sofía dice: ¡hola! Paula responde con emoción y de la nada se sumergen en una larga y agradable conversación. Sofía queda fascinada al conocer que Paula no era como la imaginaba, y al instante disipa los pensamientos negativos que tenía respecto a ella. Paula sigue sin entender el magnetismo que siente al observar a Sofía, le comenta su meta de convertirse en surfista profesional y ella revela su sueño de viajar alrededor del mundo. Confiesa su amor por la literatura y Paula expresa su odio por estudiar leyes, ambas hacen una conexión tan perfecta como la de una llave a la cerradura. Ven terminar la noche con la salida de un sol radiante, lo que les indica que ya deben marcharse; aunque quieren continuar hablando, finalmente deciden retirarse. Paula cuenta los segundos para volver a verla, llega a su edificio residencial y se encuentra con la amiga que la ayudará a entender las leyes e intenta colocar toda su atención para lograrlo. Sofía entra a su habitación muy alegre y al acostarse se sumerge entre sus sabanas. Días después, Sofía espera en un pasillo cercano al aula de clases la hora para entrar, desde lejos logra enfocar a Paula que camina preocupada. Ella mira a Sofía e instantáneamente se le dibuja una sonrisa en el rostro, Sofía saluda con afecto y le pregunta por qué está preocupada. Ella responde que está a punto de presentar un examen decisivo para aprobar el semestre, Sofía dice que no se preocupe por eso porque de seguro aprobara sin ningún problema. Paula se siente ahora más confiada al escuchar las palabras de Sofía y se encamina hacía su facultad. Entra al salón y recibe la hoja del examen, comienza a recordar todo lo que estudió y para su sorpresa responde cada pregunta de manera satisfactoria. Es la primera en terminar la prueba y sale sonriente con prisa para contarle a Sofía cómo le fue en la evaluación. Espera a que Sofía salga de clases sentada en una butaca cerca del área de ingeniería, ella sale del salón y busca a Paula. La emoción hace que ambas sonrían al verse, Paula comenta lo bien que le había ido en el examen. Sofía la felicita muy alegre y le dice que aunque a ella no le guste su carrera, si debe convertirse en abogada para lograr su sueño en el mundo del surf, entonces tiene que esforzarse por hacerlo todo bien. Paula no puede creer que ella recordara lo que habían conversado la última noche que se vieron, y estas dos chicas se embarcan nuevamente en una profunda conversación. Sofía es una chica inteligente, un tanto tímida y con la sencillez de una persona que es hermosa y no lo sabe. Paula es extrovertida, honesta y muy graciosa sin caer en lo cruel. Sofía proviene de una familia unida y de clase media, tiene un solo hermano y es mayor que ella. Sus padres la ven con admiración y le han inculcado infinitos valores. El padre de Paula es un empresario adinerado de fuerte carácter, su madre falleció cuando tenía siete años; tiene dos hermanos, uno mayor que sigue los pasos de su padre y otro menor que estudia el último año de la secundaria. Sofía vive con humildad tratando de ser ejemplo de los valores enmarcados por su familia. Paula lucha por poner en práctica las cosas que hasta el último momento aprendió de su madre y tiene miedo de convertirse en alguien tan superficial como su padre. Sofía expresa su alegría por la amistad que ha surgido entre las dos, Paula afirma sentir lo mismo. Al día siguiente, Paula se acerca a la oficina donde publicarían las calificaciones finales del semestre. Mira sus notas y salta de alegría por haber aprobado todas las materias. Sofía recibe por segundo año consecutivo las felicitaciones de sus profesores por haber obtenido el promedio más alto de la clase, aunque a ella sólo le emociona saber que por fin el semestre terminó y podrá tener un tan esperado mes de vacaciones. Paula pasa de regreso por la facultad de ingeniería con la intención de ver a Sofía, la mira de espaldas, toca su hombro y la saluda cálidamente. Sofía en seguida le pregunta por sus calificaciones, ella responde acelerada que logro aprobar el semestre. Ambas se abrazan con mucha intensidad. Paula dice que deben celebrar su triunfo y la invita a una isla surfista por una semana. Ella no sabe qué responder porque había prometido a sus padres que apenas finalizaran las clases iría a casa para verlos y compartir junto a su familia. Paula utiliza su aprendizaje sobre el derecho e intenta una vez más convencer a Sofía diciendo que sólo serán unos días y que ella podrá relajarse, disfrutar y conocer un lugar nuevo que la pondrá más cerca de cumplir su sueño de viajar por el mundo. Y Antes de que ella dijese una palabra más, insiste que el dinero no es problema porque su padre le obsequio una tarjeta con crédito ilimitado por haber aprobado. Sofía sin palabras sonríe y acepta la propuesta. La playa, el sol y la arena son el escenario de unas inolvidables vacaciones para Sofía. Al cabo de un par de días, Paula y sus amigos organizan la tradicional rumba playera a la orilla del mar. Sofía se sienta junto a la fogata a observar las estrellas de una noche templada. Paula ríe con sus amigos un rato y se percata de Sofía, comienza a observarla fascinada por el contraste que hace el color castaño casi rojizo de su cabello con sus hermosos ojos azules. Piensa que Sofía es la responsable de las mejores vacaciones que ha tenido en muchos años. Sofía mira a Paula y le hace señas para que se siente junto a ella. Le intriga ver que Paula tiene la piel tan suave y blanca como un algodón a pesar del tiempo en que se expone al sol. Además, le cautiva el juego que hacen sus ojos grises con el color ceniza de su cabello. Paula dice que la última vez que se sintió tan feliz fue cuando tenía como seis años en unas vacaciones junto a su familia, cuando su madre aún vivía. Sofía agradece todas sus atenciones los últimos días y en especial por su compañía. Sabe que nada reemplaza el amor de una madre y le dice que es una persona excepcional a quien le honra haber podido conocer y afirma que su mamá estaría muy orgullosa de ella. Casi a punto de finalizar la semana, Paula le dice a Sofía que no la dejara ir de la isla hasta que ella monte una ola sobre una tabla de surf. Colocando un rostro de susto, sonríe diciendo que sólo lo intentara si ella la acompaña. Paula acepta y ambas corren al mar en busca de una buena ola. Logran con mucho esfuerzo ponerse de pie sobre la tabla, aunque luego de un minuto Sofía pierde el equilibrio y las dos caen como un par de gotas al agua. Paula ríe sin parar, comenta que lo importante es haberlo intentado, Sofía se sonroja de la pena. Temprano en la mañana, Sofía se alista para continuar con sus vacaciones en casa. Paula la acompaña al aeropuerto con algo de nostalgia por su partida, Sofía dice que espera verla pronto cuando inicien las clases. Con un fuerte abrazo y un delicado beso en la mejilla se despiden finalmente. Paula espera por unos días en la isla la llamada de su padre, quien prometió estar unos días disponibles para compartir con ella. Sofía es recibida por su familia con mucho cariño, comparte el resto del mes junto a ellos entre noches de películas, ratos de risas y largas charlas mientras almuerzan. El padre de Paula le informa que no podrá estar en casa durante algunas semanas porque deberá hacer un viaje de negocios. Ella nada sorprendida por la noticia decide quedarse el resto de las vacaciones con sus amigos en la isla, piensa que su padre otra vez le mintió y recuerda que tiene casi un año sin verlo. Un nuevo semestre comienza y Sofía muy contenta entra al aula de clases. Paula entusiasmada inicia con buen pie el primer día de actividades; sin embargo, quiere salir de prisa del salón para ir a la facultad de ingeniería. Sofía como siempre, se sienta en una butaca cerca del pasillo principal, aunque esta vez con la intención de ver pasar a Paula. La distingue desde lejos y ambas se miran fijamente como quienes hablan sin pronunciar una palabra. Una sonrisa las hipnotiza, un abrazo las cautiva y un dulce saludo las contagia de alegría. Paula le pregunta cómo le fue los últimos días. Ella responde que el mes que pasó fue el mejor de su vida. Además, comenta que se reunirá en la tarde con algunas compañeras para ver una película, la invita y dice que será en su edificio residencial. Paula sonríe y le agrada la idea a pesar de que compartir en espacios cerrados no es lo suyo. Sofía lo sabe pero afirma que no notara la diferencia. Paula muy feliz acepta. Las amigas de Sofía llegan a la residencia y comienzan a preparar las palomitas de maíz. Rato después, Paula toca a la puerta y es Sofía quien la recibe con una enorme sonrisa. De momento se siente como tímida porque desconoce a las demás chicas; Sofía se da cuenta y de inmediato las presenta para romper el hielo. Paula se sienta en el sofá frente a la tv, el olor a cotufas invade la habitación, Sofía coloca la película, apaga las luces y el ambiente luce igual al de un cine. Paula parece concentrarse en el filme, pero a las compañeras de Sofía les resulta aburrida. Aunque ella no lo nota porque se sentó junto a Paula y por una razón que sigue sin entender, sólo ha estado observándola. Al terminar el largometraje, Sofía pregunta si quieren ver algo más, sus amigas deciden marcharse con la excusa de que deben levantarse temprano al día siguiente. Ella insiste en que se queden un poco más, pero no logra persuadirlas por lo que las despide un tanto triste. Paula aun sentada en el sofá ríe a carcajadas, Sofía pregunta por el motivo de su risa y ella responde que tal vez a sus amigas no les gusto la película y por eso se fueron tan rápido. Coloca el rostro serio durante un minuto, pero luego se avienta al sofá y ríe al igual que Paula diciendo que no estuvo tan mal la cinta. De pronto las risas se disipan y un extraño pero muy agradable silencio se apodera del momento. Los ojos de Paula se unen a los de Sofía como se une el sol con un hermoso día de verano, para dar lugar a una mágica combinación. Las palabras enmudecen y aquel magnetismo las envuelve obligándolas a estar más cerca una de la otra. Sofía acaricia suavemente su rostro recordando que su único y primer beso fue cuando tenía quince años. Paula olvida su miedo al contacto físico y sucumbiendo ante ella, la besa como la pintura besa al lienzo para formar una obra de arte. Al momento, ninguna de las dos sabe cómo reaccionar ante lo que ha sucedido. Vuelven a mirarse fijamente, Paula no pudiendo controlar lo que siente, se levanta rápidamente y se dirige hacia la puerta. Sofía se levanta a su vez y antes de que ella se fuera, dice –espero que tengas buenas noches. Las semanas transcurrieron en cámara lenta luego de aquella noche. Paula había descubierto otra manera de llegar a su facultad sin tener que atravesar el área de ingeniería; no quería ni mirar a Sofía por temor a lo sucedido. Además estaba avergonzada por haberse ido sin decir nada. Sofía continuaba confundida. Creyó por mucho tiempo haber estado esperando cual princesa, el ascenso de romeo por la ventana, y sin darse cuenta se estaba enamorando de la Julieta que apareció junto a su puerta. Un mar de pensamientos la inundaron y sus ganas de ver a Paula se hicieron más fuertes. Quería conversar con ella y tratar de resolver las cosas, pero notó que Paula la estaba evitando, entonces decidió buscarla a su edificio residencial luego de salir de clases. Paula había tenido un día bastante agitado en la universidad, desde que empezó a aplicarse en los estudios, las evaluaciones se hicieron innumerables; fue como si la carrera le cobrara el tiempo de descuido. Llega a su recamara y de inmediato se lanza sobre la cama. Su compañera de habitación iba de salida, de repente tocan la puerta, la otra chica busca sus llaves y al abrir, Sofía sonríe de la pena. La invita a pasar y pega un grito para que Paula salga, dice que alguien vino a visitarla, luego ella se marcha. Sofía toma asiento en un mueble, Paula sale a su encuentro y ambas se miran fijamente como entregando sus almas en una sola mirada. En seguida; la noche de miedo de Sofía se hizo de día, para consolarle y las nubes repletas con dudas de Paula dieron paso al sol, para iluminarle. Sin saber cómo o porqué se acercaron mutuamente hasta abrazarse. Un par de lágrimas cayeron de los ojos de Sofía, obligando a Paula a armarse de valor y decir algo. Comienza diciendo lo mucho que lamenta haberse ido tan rápido aquella noche y se arrepiente por lo sucedido. Sofía pide disculpas por ir a su residencia sin previo aviso; estaba muy preocupada y necesitaba con urgencia aclarar la situación. Dice que no ha podido por más que intenté olvidar lo que pasó. Los ojos de Paula de pronto comienzan a brillar, como brillan las estrellas en una noche cálida. Sostiene su respiración, se acelera a mil su corazón y de la forma más dulce y apasionada la besa nuevamente cual poeta enamorado besa los versos convirtiéndolos en una hermosa poesía. Sofía entendía que no era correcto lo que sentía, Paula era consciente de que no estaba bien lo que hacían; pero entre verdades y desaciertos, cada día su amor se fortalecía. Así transcurrieron los meses para ellas; un amor imposible siendo más real con el tiempo. Eran inseparables, la universidad fue la cómplice perfecta de largas charlas entre clases, de sonrisas que enamoraban, de tiernos besos a escondidas, de miradas cruzadas y de un \"te amo\" susurrado en el silencio. Días más tarde, en la semana de exámenes finales, Paula estaba planificando un viaje sorpresa para Sofía, quien tenía varios días con fuertes mareos y dolores en el abdomen. Paula como de costumbre, se acerca a la facultad de ingeniería para conversar con ella. La encuentra sentada en una butaca leyendo un libro de matemáticas. Nota además, que tiene algo de palidez en el rostro, no obstante le dice que debería visitar a un doctor por los malestares que ha estado sintiendo. Sofía comenta que está tomando analgésicos para el dolor e insiste en que sólo está agotada de estudiar tanto sin descanso. De momento, aun hablando, cierra los ojos y se desploma lentamente, colocándose fría al tacto. Paula sosteniéndola muy fuerte se desliza hasta caer en el suelo; da voces de auxilio y las personas se acercan para ayudarla. Llaman a una ambulancia que lleva a Sofía con rapidez al hospital. Cuando llegan al servicio de urgencias, los médicos comienzan de inmediato a intubarla. Preguntan por sus familiares, Paula dice que es su compañera de clases y marca el número de la madre para advertirle de la situación. Una hora más tarde, aparece la mamá de Sofía muy angustiada preguntando por su hija, Paula llena de lágrimas se acerca diciendo que los doctores la están atendiendo, ella rompe en llanto y corre hacía la sala de espera. Allí, Paula intenta calmarla trayéndole un vaso con agua. Toma un par de sorbos intentando controlar el dolor, luego le pregunta por su nombre. Paula responde y ella dice que lamenta mucho conocerla en un momento así, pero que a pesar de ello, le da gusto poder finalmente conocer a la mejor amiga de su hija. Sofía al parecer había hablado mucho acerca de Paula con su mamá, se estrechan las manos y el sufrimiento que experimentan permite que se abracen por algunos segundos. Al cabo de varios minutos, se acerca uno de los doctores preguntando por los familiares de Sofía, la madre se levanta en seguida y él con tono de malas noticias dice que la paciente tiene un tumor en el área abdominal que le está produciendo una severa hemorragia interna, por lo que deben operarla de emergencia. Además de esto, el grupo sanguíneo de Sofía es muy extraño y el hospital no lo tiene. El médico llamó a otros centros de salud cercanos y tampoco cuentan con mencionado tipo de sangre, es necesario transfundirla con rapidez para poder realizar la intervención quirúrgica porque de lo contrario, el pronóstico de vida para ella, es crítico. La señora comienza a llorar nuevamente tratando de encontrar alguna solución que restaure la salud de su hija, el profesional de la medicina intenta consolarla explicando con calma la situación y diciendo que es imperativo realizar una serie de estudios al padre biológico de Sofía para comprobar si su sangre es compatible con la de ella. Termina diciéndole que todo el equipo de salud está haciendo su trabajo y que debe conservar las esperanzas de que su hija mejorará. Paula saca fuerzas de su corazón para mantener la cordura e insiste a la madre de su amada que debe calmarse para pensar con claridad. Ella afirma moviendo su cabeza y toma el teléfono para llamar a su esposo, le pide que se dé prisa en llegar al nosocomio. Para la pobre Sofía cada segundo que transcurre puede ser el último de su vida. Mientras Paula siente como si alguien estuviese comprimiendo su corazón. Transcurridas dos horas, llegan al hospital el padre de Sofía acompañado de su hijo mayor. Ambos estaban muy alterados por la noticia, de inmediato abraza a su esposa y un par de lágrimas se hacen testigos de la tristeza y desesperación de esta familia. La señora dice que el estado de su hija es grave y que los médicos han solicitado hacerle unos estudios a él con la esperanza de que su sangre sea compatible. Aquel hombre comienza a temblar de preocupación y corre en busca de un doctor para la realización del examen; las enfermeras toman la muestra y media hora después, el resultado arroja un porcentaje muy alto de incompatibilidad sanguínea. Uno de los cirujanos se acerca a la sala de espera y le dice a la mamá de Sofía que desafortunadamente han agotado todos sus intentos en salvar la vida de su hija. Ella enmudece por un segundo, luego da gritos diciendo que su niña no puede morir y pregunta por qué la sangre de su esposo no funciona si se trata del padre biológico; el médico responde que esos casos a veces ocurren y existía esa posibilidad en estas circunstancias. Paula presencia en silencio todo lo que está sucediendo y sin poder resistir más el dolor, sale del hospital con lágrimas en los ojos buscando cualquier cosa que la ayude a tranquilizar la angustia que siente. Entra en unos de los tantos cafetines cercanos q había, y uno de los camareros le sirve una taza de café sin azúcar. Cuando se disponía a beberlo recibe una inesperada llamada de su padre; dice que está por llegar a un centro de atención médica en las adyacencias de su universidad, para visitar a la hija de su secretaria que está en cuidados intensivos, quiere verla y pregunta si ella está disponible. Paula responde que no es buen momento para conversar con la excusa de que tiene un fuerte dolor de cabeza, él a su vez contesta que necesitan hablar y justo antes de que ella respondiera nuevamente, se apaga el teléfono por falta de batería. En virtud de ello, toma de un solo sorbo la taza de café, coloca el dinero sobre la mesa y se retira. Al salir, como ya había caído la noche, camina de vuelta a la sala de espera; cuando de pronto observa que hay una capilla de oración como la de muchos hospitales. Entra y de nuevo el llanto se hace presente. Se coloca de rodillas pidiéndole a Dios por la vida de su amada, promete que si El la salva, se alejará de su vida para siempre. Paula sabía que de igual forma si ella moría, no podría ser capaz de amar a nadie más; por lo que decidió sacrificar su propia felicidad a cambio de la sanidad de Sofía. Medita en silencio por unos minutos y luego se marcha hacia el interior del área de emergencias. El padre de Paula estaba sentado conversando con su secretaria; de repente Paula aun caminando lo mira y descubre que la secretaria de toda la vida de su papá, es nada menos que la madre de Sofía. Ella impresionada por semejante coincidencia, saluda con temor, ellos responden calurosamente y su padre pregunta por qué esta allí. Sonríe y contesta que la hija de su secretaria es también su compañera de clases. El señor coloca una mirada pensativa por un momento y dice riendo que el mundo no es tan grande como lo imaginaba. Todos ríen por el comentario e intentan cambiar el dolor por un poco de alegría; Paula toma asiento y al colocar la mano sobre una superficie filosa, recibe una herida sangrante. El padre en seguida le dice que vaya al departamento de enfermería para parar el sangrado, ella dice que no es tan grave pero él insiste y la acompaña velozmente. La enfermera de guardia comienza a limpiar la herida mientras que el papá de Paula habla acerca de la fortaleza de su hija. Dice que ella heredó lo valiente de su madre y que se parece tanto a ella que hasta tiene su mismo tipo de sangre. Y una vez que él recita la última frase, La enfermera se voltea viendo fijamente a Paula y ambas se alegran por lo que escuchan. Al parecer la madre de Paula a pesar de estar ausente le sigue demostrando su amor al otorgarle el mismo grupo sanguíneo que tiene Sofía. Con toda la rapidez posible, la enfermera extrae una muestra y la envía al laboratorio para realizar el análisis de rigor. Veinte minutos más tarde, le informan a todos en la sala de espera que el resultado dio positivo en casi un cien por ciento. Comienzan la extracción de la sangre de Paula y de inmediato preparan a Sofía para llevarla al quirófano. Después de transfundirla, inician con urgencia la operación. El padre de Paula se despide de su secretaria dándole palabras de apoyo y consuelo; le dice a su hija que debe irse a descansar un poco porque ya están interviniendo a su amiga. Paula dice que por nada del mundo se movería de allí sin saber que ella está fuera de peligro. Su papá insiste no logrando hacerla cambiar de opinión, por lo que asegura que muy temprano al día siguiente, la pasaría buscando para llevarla a descansar, luego de un afectuoso abrazo y un beso en la frente, se marcha. Horas después, un doctor sale del quirófano y es interceptado por la madre de Sofía, quien pregunta por la operación. El cirujano dice que la intervención acaba de terminar, de forma exitosa lograron extraer el tumor que le había causado la hemorragia. Pero por haber perdido tanta sangre, su estado era delicado y la trasladaron nuevamente a la sala de cuidados intensivos por un día más hasta que Sofía estuviese completamente fuera de peligro. La emoción y la alegría se apoderaron del momento, los familiares de la paciente junto con Paula se regocijaron por saber que finalmente su hija había resultado ilesa de todo. El padre de la chica pregunta al galeno si pueden entrar a verla; responde que primero deben colocarse un traje especial y luego pueden pasar por unos cuantos minutos solamente. La madre de Sofía entra primero a verla, se acerca despacio y comienza a susurrar algunas palabras en agradecimiento a Dios por haber devuelto la vida de su hija; llora de felicidad, la besa en la mejilla y sale de la habitación. Así, uno a uno de los familiares fueron entrando para ver a una Sofía que se encontraba acostada con los ojos cerrados como cuan bella durmiente en un cuento de hadas; salvo por el hecho de que aquella doncella no tenía un montón de monitores y mangueras a su alrededor como los que estaban conectados a Sofía. Finalmente es el turno de Paula, entra a la sala y en seguida recuerda lo que prometió; sus ojos sollozan al entender que esa será la última vez que la verán. Camina lentamente hacía la camilla, toma su mano y expresa todo el amor que siente por ella. Dice que espera que logre alcanzar todas sus metas, que conozca a alguien que la ame, que la haga muy feliz y que anhele contemplar sus ojos y su sonrisa tanto como ella lo anhela en ese momento. Besa sutilmente su mano derecha y se despide para siempre. Luego Paula se marcha del hospital llorando sin decir nada y en la salida la estaba esperando su padre en la camioneta. Se sube y le dice que la lleve a casa, él no responde ninguna palabra porque la veía muy triste. Entran a la vivienda, Paula busca una maleta y comienza a recoger la ropa que estaba en su habitación. Su padre pregunta para dónde se dirige y por qué esta tan apurada. Ella permanece en silencio por unos minutos y luego estalla diciendo: -me voy lejos papá, sobre todo me voy muy lejos de ti. Y si quieres saber, es porque me enamoré profundamente de una chica y sí, es la hija de tu secretaria, la misma que hasta hace algunas horas estaba a punto de morir. Pero no te preocupes porque no la volveré a ver. Así tu reputación de padre ejemplar, no será quebrantada. Al instante cierra la maleta y se dirige con mucha prisa hacía la puerta. El padre queda consternado sin saber cómo reaccionar e intenta detenerla, pero sus intentos fallaron porque Paula ya se había marchado sin decir a donde iría. Sofía se recupera rápidamente y no deja de preguntar por Paula, sus familiares le dijeron que ella estuvo allí hasta que salió de la operación, pero luego se marchó sin decir nada. Meses después, Sofía dice a sus padres que ya está lista para regresar a la universidad; lo único que la motivaba era pensar que pronto vería a Paula. Ellos le dicen que debe esperar un tiempo más para su plena recuperación. Pero nada iba a detenerla en su deseo de encontrar a su enamorada. Al llegar, la busca en la facultad de derecho. Sus antiguos compañeros dicen que ella congelo el semestre y que no la han vuelto a ver. Durante un año completo Sofía estuvo en busca de Paula. Trato de localizarla en todos los lugares que pudo; finalmente se resignó y dejo que el tiempo la borrará de su corazón. Y así fue, pasaron unos veinte años aproximadamente; Paula se convirtió en lo que siempre había soñado. Llegó a ser una de las mejores surfistas de la historia del deporte y gano tantos premios que perdió la cuenta. Se mudó a una isla de surf y allí vivió practicando el deporte que amaba. Pensaba que aquella isla escondía los recuerdos más felices de toda su vida. Se planteó la meta de formar una escuela de surf para enseñar la disciplina a jóvenes y niños; logrando formar una academia con otros profesionales que la apoyaron. Su corazón no pudo amar nunca a nadie más que a Sofía, por lo que vivió siendo una mujer agradecidamente soltera. Sofía se graduó con honores de la universidad y su trabajo fue el mejor en el mundo de la ingeniería. Tuvo una exitosa carrera que la llevo a cumplir su meta de viajar alrededor del mundo, dos veces. Se caso con un reconocido ingeniero con quien además, tuvo dos hijos hermosos. Mantuvo a su familia alejada de los afanes de sus negocios y compró un condominio en una isla poco poblada. Se retiró en la plenitud de su profesión, dejando la fundación de una importante empresa a cargo de su esposo para dedicarse por completo al cuidado de sus hijos. Un día, como de esos en los que la vida te sorprende. Paula había organizado un campamento de verano en la isla, para jóvenes aprendices en el surf, contactó a algunos atletas para que la apoyaran con las prácticas y con la recreación. La hija mayor de Sofía oyó acerca de un campamento de surf que se realizaría en la misma playa donde ella vivía y le pidió a su madre que la inscribiera para pasar sus vacaciones de verano fuera de casa divirtiéndose; ella aceptó sin discusión porque ese deporte significaba algo especial en su vida. El campamento dio inició y fue todo un espectáculo, los jóvenes pasaban el día aprendiendo la disciplina y por las tardes eran libres de divertirse a su manera. Al cabo de tres semanas, Paula preparó junto con los recreadores una fogata de despedida, para los pequeños aprendices a la orilla del mar y bajo la luz de las estrellas. Ella se sentó a contemplar la vista, cuando de pronto voltea su mirada y queda impactada al ver el rostro de una de las chicas que estaba en el campamento. La curiosidad la invadió y se acercó a la joven para preguntarle por su familia. La chica responde que sus padres son ingenieros y que vive con ellos en una casa cercana a esa playa. Además, le dice que su madre de nombre Sofía fue quien la inscribió en el campamento de verano. De inmediato los ojos Paula comenzaron a brillar como las estrellas de aquella noche. En la mañana del día siguiente Paula estaba en la orilla del mar despidiendo a sus estudiantes y conversando un poco con sus representantes. De momento se percata que una hermosa mujer se baja de un auto color negro y se encamina a abrazar a su hija. Se da cuenta desde la distancia que se trata de Sofía, los nervios comenzaron a apoderarse de ella como solía suceder cuando la veía. Sólo pudo voltearse con rapidez y permaneció con la vista hacia el océano. Sofía se acerca para saludar a la entrenadora de su hija, cuando está casi a su lado reconoce que es Paula. Queda totalmente paralizada de la emoción y no se atreve a esbozar palabra alguna, Paula se desliza suavemente y escribe con sus dedos en la arena: -No sonrías... que me enamoro. Fin. ","Summary":" La Sonrisa de Sofía Paula tiene 24 años, Sofía tiene 22. Sofía estudia ingeniería y Paula estudia d"},{"Movie":"Imagine Me & You","Title":"Hateful Love","Author":"dolce98maiden","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9231560","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hateful Love \"Inikah yang dinamakan kahwin atas nama cinta?\" PROLOG I IQBAL memandang pada Nura yang masih membungkam. Hatinya pedih pula apabila bercakap dengan orang seperti kayu. Dia masih sabar menanti sepasang mata itu menentang matanya kembali. Nura menghela nafas sayu. Kepala diangkat dan berlaga pandang dengan Iqbal. \"Sorry Iqbal saya tak mahu\" Iqbal sah tak betul! boleh minta yang bukan-bukan pada aku. Iqbal pula yang mengeluh. Tak perlu tunggu, dia sudah tahupun jawapan tu. Dia menggigit bibir menahan geram. \"Saya cuma nak awak jadi kekasih palsu saya untuk beberapa minggu je!\" \"Beberapa minggu tu la yang boleh membawa pelbagai perkara buruk! lagi pula saya tak mahu jadi batu loncatan awak untuk rebut kembali Nadrah, ada banyak cara lain, ini juga awak pilih?\" \"Nadrah tu hati keras, dia over-confident yang saya tak akan ada pengganti lepas dia! mungkin dengan cara itu dia akan sedar betapa besarnya nilai yang dia tinggalkan\" Nura jeling bengang. Berbahasa bunga pula mamat ni. \"Macam ni la wahai Encik Iqbal yang ku sayang, saya tak dapat menurut perintah seperti yang diperintahkan, ampun beribu-ribu ampun patik blah dulu!\" Nura mengambil botol airnya dan terus pergi untuk lepaskan diri. \"Heii.. Nura!\" Keluh dilepaskan. Sudahlah maruahnya di permainkan oleh Nadrah kini maruahnya tercalar pula kerana Nura. PROLOG II Selepas kelas pagi itu, jadual Nura seterusnya kosong. Dia tak tahu mahu melakukan apa sekarang, kawan-kawannya sekarang mungkin masih di dalam dewan kuliah. Dia pula bersendirian di Kolej itu. Untuk mengisi masa dia telahpun pergi ke sebuah padang bola sepak dan padang pelbagai bentuk peralatan senaman. Memang agak ramai pada pagi itu. Cuaca pula sangat baik dan nyaman. Waktu sesuai untuk beriadah sesama kawan. \"Assalammualaikum Nura\" Tegur seseorang. Nura tersenyum untuk seketika. \"Waalaikumsalam Nadrah\" itulah wanita yang dicintai Iqbal tetapi putus dan menginginkan aku jadi kambing hitam pula. Gemuruh mula terasa disetiap sendi. \"Aku dengar yang kau dipergunakan oleh Iqbal a.k.a bekas kekasih aku\" dia berpura-pura melakukan regangan sambil bertanya. Walaupun aku faham maksudnya tu tapi hati aku berkeras untuk berlakon tidak tahu apa-apa. \"Dipergunakan?\" \"Ialah, dia gunakan kau untuk pujuk hati aku, dia nak kau jadi kekasih diakan? jangan nak bohongi aku la Nura\" Ternyata semuanya sudahpun diketahui Nadrah. \"Baguslah kalau kau percaya cerita tu, akupun tak nak penuhi permintaan gila Iqbal kau tu\" Nadrah ketawa kecil. \"Aku dah agak, kau bukannya wanita yang tersenarai dalam pilihan Iqbal, jika betul aku sama sahaja seperti kau la maknanya\" \"Jangan nak merepek Nadrah\" tiba-tiba sahaja suara Iqbal memecah perbualan kami. Mukanya merah menahan marah. Secara drastik tangannya menggenggam tangan aku. Mata aku bulat memandangnya. \"Aku dengan Nura ikhlas, dia lebih baik dari kau yang suka mengecilkan sifat lelaki, Nura tak perlu berlakon lagi, kita memang bercintakan?\" senyuman terukir tebit diwajahnya. Dia menggoyangkan tangan untuk menyedarkan aku. \"Ha? arrr\" Iqbal kembali memandang pada Nadrah yang sama juga seperti Nura. Terkejut. \"Tiada sesiapa boleh pisahkan kami kecuali ajal\" barisan ayat itu senafas dibicarakan. Secara tak terduga, kilat dan petir mula menguasai langit. Awan mula mendung. Hujan rintik-rintik turun. Semua yang berada disitu berpusu menteduhkan diri tetapi kami bertiga masih membatu walaupun hujan semakin menebal. \"Wow! cepatnya kau jumpa pengganti ternyata aku silap, tapi nak tahu jugak, betul ke ajal saja yang dapat pisahkan korang, selamat bercinta!\" Nadrah terus melangkah seribu untuk terus dari basah. Secara automatik Iqbal melepaskan tangannya. Dia tunduk. Sangat kecewa. \"Puas sekarang?!\" soal Nura sinis, matanya merah kerana menangis. Dia menumbuk geram pada tubuh lelaki itu dalam kehujanan. \"Kau akan menyesal dengan apa yang kau katakan tadi! egois!\" tumbukan kali terakhir itu lebih kuat dan disertai sepakan pada betis Iqbal dan... dia terus pergi. Iqbal membiarkan saja tubuhnya dipukul lembut oleh Nura. Dia masih menatap bumi dalam basah. Pandangannya juga terhad kerana matanya penuh dengan air mata. Akhirnya Nura tinggalkan dirinya dalam hujan. Chapter 1 Ahcooo! mahu bergegar satu rumah itu dengan suara bersin Nura. Badannya diselimuti selimut nipis sambil duduk dipenjuru dinding itu. Tak percaya betul! elok saja cuaca baik tiba-tiba bertukar hujan yang lebat selebatnya. Hatinya masih bengkak dengan kata-kata ego Iqbal pagi itu. Bagaimana dia juga boleh berada disitu dan menyampuk pada saat yang begitu sangat sesuai? sudah tu, lepas dia cakap tiada siapa boleh pisahkan kami selain ajal, satu petir kuat berdentum. Seakan dalam drama Semerah Padi pula yang disumpah. Haih! demam pula yang terpaksa tanggung. Sekali lagi dia bersin dengan kuat. Aku pun malu kalau nak bersemuka dengan dua orang tu. Masalah sendiri dibawanya aku sekali masuk. Kalau dah putus, putus saja lah! tak payah nak dendam bagai. Kepalanya digaru kasar. Pipi dan hidunyanya juga kemerahan dengan jelas. Mata lebam dan air mata tak henti keluar walaupun hanya setitik. Detam! Luruh jantung Nura mendengar pintu rumah ditutup kuat. \"Hoi! ingat ni rumah sewa ke?!\" marahnya pada Jed yang baru pulang dari Kolej. Dia terkocoh-kocoh pulang ke rumah setelah membaca SMS Nura yang dia sedang demam. \"Nah, aku dah belikan panadol, makan bila perlu\" bebelnya sambil menuang air masak dari cerek ke dalam satu cawan seramik. Dia mendulang membawa air bersama ubat ke arah Nura. \"Teruk betul muka kau\" komen Jed. Aku menumbuk lututnya melepaskan marah. \"Eh, ringan je tangan kau kan walaupun sakit? sakit- sakitpun comel apa kau ni\" dia tersenyum nipis. Aku hanya sendawa setelah meneguk air selepas menelan panadol tadi. \"Semua cari kau tadi\" Jed meletakkan cawan dan papan panadol itu disebelah. \"Sebab?\" \"Sebab kau dan Iqbal!\" \"Ha?\" \"Dah kecoh pun, Nazri si Hero kau tu pun tumpang drama, dia boleh pula menangis beriya dekat kafeteria tadi belum campur peminat perempuan si Iqbal tu, mengamuk sakan pada semua orang dan topik korang jadi trend kat Twitter\" \"Woii... boleh tak kau buat cerita realistik sikit? fiction betul\" Nura menggaru hidungnya yang gatal. \"Ini memang betul gimik der! bukan cobaan!\" Jed cuba meyakinkan aku. \"Aku tak percaya selagi aku tak laluinya sendiri\" \"Tak pe, lepas kau pulih je, jangan marah aku kalau kalau demam kau datang balik\" Nura memukul lutut Jed sambil mencebik. Karang kalau betul terjadi bagaimana? huh! haru biru. ","Summary":" Hateful Love \"Inikah yang dinamakan kahwin atas nama cinta?\" PROLOG I IQBAL memandang pada Nura y"},{"Movie":"Imagine Me & You","Title":"Twatted–Up","Author":"vouvouka","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7551064","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Twatted-up Virginia looked again at her watch. It was the fourth time in three minutes. And he was eight minutes and thirty-three seconds late. More with each passing second. Mathematically proven. \" Damn him! Late again. For such a fast-moving guy, he's way too often way too late. Damn him!\" she thought for the fourth time in three minutes. She swallowed half the cup of her coffee. It was the third she'd ordered in ten minutes. \" But I do like him… He's a bit like me\". She swallowed the other half of her coffee in one gulp. \"He's exactly like me\" she concluded. She reached for her handbag, not certain what she was looking for. She put it down again. \"No cigarettes, no, they have an adverse effect on me, they make me more nervous. And no chewing-gum, no, just an excuse to grind my teeth… Damn him!\" . She looked around again, to the left and to the right. She'd agreed with Gordon they'd meet here, not your lovers'-rendez-vous, rather a business meeting! Some things had better be gotten straight. But given the fleet and fickle nature of both of them, that would be a Herculean labour. She wondered if herself could get anything straight. \" Damn him!\" said she again, this ejaculation being all she could resort to. Then all of a sudden Gordon's wiry figure appeared at the corner. His falcon-fast gaze took the whole café in one sweeping movement. He saw Virginia, he brightened up and started waddling through the chairs and the tables to reach her. She was staring, almost hostilely. He was carrying something, but it was almost invisible under his Doctor-Who-long scarf. \"Hi, darling, how are you, how was your day so far?\" he greeted her, the words coming out machine-gun fast, his eyes almost scintillating. He sat opposite her and he put the object he was carrying under his chair. He reached out to caress her hair, but then he saw the anger in her eyes. He gulped, drew himself back, clasped his hands and shrank a bit. On the other hand, he looks so vulnerable… And he's not a bad guy, not half bad… Virginia kept eyeing him, her eyes gradually softening. And I don't really want to lay trust to the idle talk his colleagues have been spreading around. But… he's so… confused… and confusing! Here she almost smiled. But what if he does get carried away? What if he's already gotten carried away? It's exactly what a man with his temperament might do, and not out of meanness. She frowned again. Oh, Gordon, if you could show me a sign… Her frown dissolved. \"Virginia…\" he began \"I…\" \"You what?\" she almost snapped. And regretted it instantaneously. There, sometimes I'm worse than he is. I must let him pour his soul out. \"Virginia… I…\" he repeated, but paused, not certain how to carry on. Perhaps… ... \"love's nice, that works\" he remembered him saying to the florist. But now it shouldn't be a ruse nor a temporary way out. The question is, Gordon, \"do you love Virginia?\". If you do, say it. And if you say it, mean it! Gordon managed to keep his glance straight and his eyes focused. He really for the first time today looked at Virginia. \"Virginia… I love you!\" he speaks out, looking at her directly, relieved, happy. Yes, flowers are faithful messengers, but eyes are instant ones. Yes, that's what he wanted to tell her… all along. And… well, it works. Its effect is visible. Virginia's eyes are very soft now, her lips parted in tenderness, her whole body relaxed, accepting… But that lasted only seconds. Virginia's eyes are steely again, her fingers clutching at a napkin, her whole bearing poised in defense and rejection. \"Then why are you doing this?\" she demanded. \"Doing what?\" was Gordon's reaction, not altogether fake. \"You know what!\" Virginia raised her voice, but just as quickly lowered it, almost apologetically. \"You know what… fooling around…\" Gordon had heard the accusation before, so he didn't react violently. He did look hurt, however. He reached his hand to touch Virginia's one. \"Virginia… my love\"… … it works… \"… we've been through this before, haven't we? My one and only sin is that I can't seem to keep my big trap shut\". Convinced he's on the right path, he was himself again, temperamental, unhemmed, talkative. \"That Darren Johnston character, the most lame-minded person I've come across in my life, out of sheer envy because Sue Boyd wouldn't date him, and why, tell me, would she, him being the twit he is, persuaded Sue's friend Celia Horgan to tell Sharon…\" \"STOP IT!\". Virginia's shout attracted most of the patronage's attention. Gord stopped short, his finger in mid-air, looking the part of a politician admonishing his countrymen into steadfastness. But he couldn't long bear to watch Virginia's blazing eyes and flaring nostrils. He shrank, put his hand down, gulped, lowered his Adam's apple in submission and shut up. It didn't take long for Virginia's eyes to return to their normal temperature. Her nostrils followed suit, their girth now halved. She almost felt desperate, to madly love this maniac, but to be unable to come to terms that their romance could only be described in terms ranging from looney to outright schizophrenic. \"Please, Gordon, stop it. Stop talking… Cool down, can't you… for our sake?\" \" Can't I?\" Gordon wondered. \"Sure I can, that's why I'm here, because I can cool down and I can show her that I'm ready to own up for my mistakes. Yes, I'm even able of apologizing, if I did something wrong\". He took the initiative again. \"Darling, I know I twatted up. I want to make it up to you\". Virginia was halfway to tears but answered calmly. \"I know darling, I know you've twatted up… again… and I know you really want to make it up to me. But… can you ? Are you able? Have you got the capacity for it?\" Gordon was almost indignant at Virginia's challenge. He made a hurt face. \"What do you mean by 'capacity'? Have I not proven myself… faithful? You know me\" he carried on in an uncharacteristically calm way \"I've done nothing wrong, in general I do nothing to hurt anyone. You're just imagining these things, because… I talk… perhaps… too much…\" Virginia took the chance of this serene moment, a rare one, knowing Gordon, to answer. \"You talk too much with your female colleagues, that's true, and they fancy things, you don't, perhaps, mean. You make jokes one could misunderstand. And there are many things you yourself can't get… straight\". She looked at him in loving sympathy. \"It's the way you are, Gord, or rather the way you let yourself be and behave. But you sometimes… abandon yourself, you get carried away and… I don't understand you anymore. And I believe, you don't either\". Gordon had heard that speech before, because, it was all too true, he'd twatted up before. He knew his shortcomings, but he didn't consider them deadly sins. He wanted to make his stand, but in a loving way. He smiled at Virginia, who was smiling too, but bitterly. \"At any rate, I don't want you to think ill of me. I… present you with my apology… and with this… flower\". His hands trembling, his lips writhing, as with a tic, he managed to unwrap the cactus. He placed it nervously on the table, his cup of coffee almost capsizing in the attempt. Virginia looked at it, her eyes widening, her smile vanishing. She tried to utter something, but a gasp was all that her mouth emitted. \"You… like it?\" Gordon asked his agony culminating. \"A cactus\" she almost cackled. \"A cactus\" she repeated in disbelief \"and every bit looking like a…\" \"Looking like a…?\" Gordon repeated in wild anticipation, his mind feverish with prospects of a joyous reunion. \"YOU SCREWBALL!\" Virginia roared. \"You come to apologize, you are all graces and then you give me… this… prick of a flower?\" Gordon almost snapped to attention. \"You pricked your finger? But… you didn't even touch it…\" \"No!\" Virginia kept shouting, all of the patrons now watching the scene. \"I didn't prick my finger, you prick, it's your prick-looking cactus, your dick -looking fucking flower, your phalloform monstrosity you dare name a flower!\" she blurted in one sulphuric exhalation. 'But… but…\" he only managed to say, having had no time to account for Virginia's sudden rage. \"Exactly! You can shove it up your butt, you… you… madman! We two are through!\". She stood up rocket-like, grabbed her bag and turned to leave. Gordon was staring at her speechless, his fingers describing strange patterns in the air. \"Oh, yes, I forgot\". Virginia turned on her heel, approached Gordon and promptly bashed him in the eye. He fell into his easy-chair, his hands trying to gain support, to the effect of him overturning the table, along with the cups, the saucers and all items. Laughter broke out among the spectators. He looked around him helplessly and then again at Virginia's receding figure. He stood up again, massaging the hurt spot, made a move to follow her, but withdrew. He sat again, oblivious to the mounting laughter. He lowered his head. Luce looks up from the order-sheet she's been writing. She almost lets out a cry. The guy from this morning, almost as nervous as before, but a tad less fidgety, not so fast-moving, his face adorned with a big blue eye and several contusions. She is about to say \"hello\" but he is faster. \"I'd like to see that strelitzia again\". Or should I, in the end, offer her a rose? He looks around and behind him, but sees no obliging customer of whom to ask for a second opinion. He remembers having rejected the young brunette's advocation for lilies. Lilies? As in… Virgin Mary? Would that appease Virginia? \"You're sure it's a strelitzia you want?\" Luce asks raising her eyebrows. Gordon looks at her, looks around again helplessly. \"I don't know. I really don't know. I think I've ruined my last chance\". He looks really pained now. \"I think I've twatted up again\". He exhales exasperatedly. \"I think I've twatted up for good…\" Luce really feels for the poor guy. Lowers her glance in sympathy. Her eyes catch a stick-on paper lying on her desk. On it there's a name and a phone number. She smiles to herself. She raises her eyes and looks at Gordon again. \"I can assure you\" she tells him \"that there will always be more chances. All you have to do is not let them slip by\". She offers him a cheer-up smile. \"Take it from me\". Gordon is still at a loss. She picks a red rose, a splendid-looking one, elaborately ties a ribbon and offers it him. \"You'll offer her this , dear Sir, the flower of love, of passion, of fidelity. It's my… professional opinion, from what I can see in you, that you are a loving, passionate, very passionate and, undoubtedly, faithful person…\" At the word 'faithful' Gordon winces. Luce notices that and raises a admonishing finger. \"When one finds true love, one is faithful. And one who is faithful, never…. twats up\". Hope rises in Gordon's eyes. He takes the proffered flower and fumbles for his wallet. Luce holds him friendly by the shoulder and leads him towards the door. \"On the house. Go!\" Gordon flashes her a thankful smile, turns around and speeds down the street. Luce returns to her desk. She holds the stick-on paper. She looks at it for a long time. She turns her glance towards the container where an assortment of lilies are discreetly emitting aroma and streamers of delicate colours. And a message that only Luce knew. But would anyone care to ask? Would she ? ","Summary":" Twatted-up Virginia looked again at her watch. It was the fourth time in three minutes. And he was "},{"Movie":"Imagine Me & You","Title":"The Flower","Author":"flooj9235","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7943277","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Since my wedding, I've dreaded my days off work. I've never been a fan of the \"stay at home housewife\" image, and I'm terrified of slipping into that without realizing it now that Hec and I have tied the knot. Now that Luce has started invading my mind, the time off work is even more agonizing. Trying to fill my head with anything other than Luce is almost impossible. Mindlessly watching movies has become my favorite time-waster. I'm safe in my own home, away from her, even though I sometimes put Luce and myself in the leading roles, watching us get our happy ending without even realizing I've done so. I'm still blankly staring at the screen, watching the characters move around when one of them catches my eye. The girl in the movie has grabbed a flower and started plucking the petals off, playing the \"loves me, loves me not\" game. Naturally, the flower reminds me of Luce, but I suddenly have the most pressing urge to follow the character's lead and get a flower of my own to play the game with. A glance around the flat reveals no flower, and living where we do, there's no chance of finding one in a nearby garden. Without really focusing on what I'm doing, I turn off the movie, get my shoes and jacket, and head out of the flat. My feet lead me to my destination very quickly, and soon I've pushed open the door to Luce's store. Luce is standing at the center in the back of the room, organizing a bouquet when the door jingles. Her head snaps up and she breaks into a beautiful smile when she sees me. \"Well hello, Rachel. What can I do for you?\" she asks as she dusts her hands off on her jeans. \"Hi.\" I'm a little breathless, and I'm not sure if it's from the walk or just being around her. A smile stretches across my face to match hers, and I'm momentarily too caught up in her to remember why I came. \"I need a flower.\" It's a silly request, seeing as we're surrounded by hundreds of kinds of flowers, but Luce just nods. \"All right, what kind?\" It occurs to me that I'm very out of my element; I have no idea what kind I want. \"Um... something with... petals?\" Luce chuckles, eyeing me before surveying her shop. She goes over and touches a few different flowers, finally settling on a beautiful purple rose. She gets it, trims off part of the long stem, and hands it over to me. \"There you go,\" she says with another knee-weakening grin. \"One rose. With lots of petals.\" I fumble in my pocket for my wallet. \"How much?\" \"On the house,\" she replies instantly, smiling a little wider when I start to blush. I thank her and leave, knowing that if I stay much longer, I won't be able to think straight. The irony of that thought isn't lost on me as I make my way to the park and find a bench to sit on. I stare down at the flower in my hands, feeling very silly. I push that out of my mind and pluck the first petal. She loves me... For the next few minutes, all I can focus on is my careful petal plucking. If I wasn't so fixated on the outcome, I would almost be bored. Finally, I'm down to the last petal. It takes a minute to sink it. \"She loves me,\" I breathe, a silly, giddy grin appearing on my face. I feel my cheeks heat up, ducking my head a little so people walking past can't see. I gently pluck the last petal, tucking it into my pocket and getting to my feet as I let the stem drop to the ground. The entire idea was silly, I know, but the idea that Luce could love me back is justification enough. I head back to the flat, back to the reality of being married to Hec, but I take the long way, putting as much time between the end of my fantasy and the return to reality as possible. Maybe someday, my brain whispers, the fantasy can be the reality. I can only dream that that will be the case as I let myself back into my flat, trying to force Luce out of my mind once again. When I reach into my pocket and feel the petal that supposedly told me Luce loved me, a traitorous smile appears on my face. \"She loves me,\" I whisper again, my chest clenching happily. It takes me a moment, but then I realize I'm still thinking about Luce and groan. I can't wait to return to work; I need a distraction. If you want to make this ten times cuter, look up the flower's meaning. It's worth it, trust me. ","Summary":" Since my wedding, I've dreaded my days off work. I've never been a fan of the \"stay at home housew"},{"Movie":"Imagine Me & You","Title":"The Unstoppable Force","Author":"xxxSimplyHookedxxx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10055639","Passage":"[Chapter 1] TITLE: The Unstoppable Force SUMMARY: Rachel has fallen for Lucy three seconds after setting eyes on her. Only problem is – she's walking down the isle to marry someone else when this has happened. Someone whom she never would willing walk away from. Can she find a way to have her heart's desire without hurting anyone? Or will her trying to be an immovable object not only hurt her husband; also her true love; and also herself? Is it possible to remain true to your marriage vows; while being in love with someone else? CATEGORIES: Romance/ Family/ Friendship/ Hurt/Comfort/ Drama/ Suspense/ Spiritual/ Angst/ Crime/ Tragedy RATING: T PRELUDE: {What happens when an unstoppable force meets a immovable object?} It never happens. If there's a thing that can't be stopped …. it's not possible for there to be something else which can't be moved, and vice versa. They can't both exits. - H. and Lucy outside Rachel, and Heck's wedding chapel. The sun was peeking though the widow on the profile of the young woman whom was sitting up in her bed; wearing a spaghetti strapped lacy white negligee. Her wavy brown hair falling down her back; and her left thin white shoulder. Her coffee brown eyes are clued down to her legs; which were covered in a pair of purple running sweats. Her actual favorite pair matter of fact. Her long delicate fingers are gripping her left foot; which is resting against her right thigh. She heard a the faint ticking sound of the clock that hung in the hallway across from her closed bedroom door; her eyes lifted to look at the clock on the bedside table. She silently watched as as the short hand ever slowly made it's turn around the clock face. She blinked ever few seconds as she simply watched at the simple thing as time passing by her. Here she was just sitting on her bed; just watching as time moved forward. She remained still; but yet time moved forward. Her head ever slowly rolled to the side; and she closed her eyes. Her breath slowed. It slowed once more as her head rolled to the back. She held that pose for a few moments before she allowed her breath to slow once more; as her head rolled to the left. A small smile came to her lips as her head rolled to her chest. Her eyes glided open as she straightened her head once more. It was time to meet the day. It was a huge day in her young life after all. It wasn't every day that she was going to be come someone's bride. She felt a small laugh make it's way up her chest at the thought of going through a beautiful day like this again in her life time. No. Once was enough for her. But; she looked forward to going through it with her daughter. Or son. Or perhaps both? Either way; her being someone's bride was just a once in a life time thing for her. She slipped off her bed, her feet meeting the carpet as she moved towards her private bathroom. Looking in the mirror as she brushed her teeth; and tongue. She took longer this morning than she had ever done before in her life. Even longer than that one time that she first learned about germs in her own mouth. She went through a huge tube of toothpaste; making her mother very angry at her. Her father just kissed the top of her head; and went out and brought a new one. He understood without being told. Her father was always like that. He understood. He simply silently understood. Turning the knobs of the shower to the temperature that she loved the best; she stripped off her clothes. Stepping into the shower she closed her eyes as she allowed the hot water to hit her full on. She felt the water running from the top of her head down into her face. She closed the door behind her as she allowed the hot water to heat her body. Humming softly she opened her eyes; and turned to face the falling water. Reaching into the shower rack she brought the shampoo bottle closer to her chest. After squirting out a quarter sized dollop she replaced the bottle. She rubbed her hands together; watching as the small bubbles covered her palms; lifting her hands to her hair; she began to massage the shampoo into her brunette curly hair. Her eyes closed as she simply enjoyed the feel of her fingers run though her scalp. Taking a step forward she allowed the water to overcome her head, and face once more. Keeping her eyes closed she allowed her hands to run through her hair; as she slowly turned around so her back could be under the spray. Her eyes glided open as she stared at the steam that was wayfaring up over the shower. She turned and grabbed the body soap. She grabbed her sponge and squirted out enough to cover her body. As she ran the soaped up sponge over her body – she thought of his hands running all over her body that night – his hands enjoying the softness that her body was. His nose was going to smell the body soap that she was running up, and down her body that every moment. Standing underneath the spray she allowed the scented body wash to wash from her body. Her face. Her neck. She picked up the conditioner, and squirted out a dime size dollop; she replaced the bottle. Rubbing her hands one last time with liquid in them; she massaged the smooth conditioner into her hair. She turned around so her back was against the spray; and she just backed up underneath the water. Her eyes closed just as the water; and the smoothness of the conditioner hit her forehead. She massaged her hands though her hair; from her hair line; all the way to the ends of her hair. She repeated this four times; before her eyes opened; and she just stood under the steam of water running down her face. The steam looked wonderful under the spray of water. It made it look like rain. She wondered if some parts of the world was like this. Raining in the day time – but yet warm enough so you could stand, and watch the steam. She heard that Hawaii had warm rain. But; she never once heard that you could see steam while it rained. She wondered if she would ever find out for herself. They had agreed to go on a small honeymoon. They would only take a week in the country. Both their jobs wouldn't allow them to take time to leave the country. Even though she very well knew that he wanted too. That he desperately wanted too. She would make sure that the left England – it may not be that year. But; he would travel. She would make sure he got to have his dream. She would be there by his side as he reached out to touch his dreams. She knew that he felt that he had to make sure they had enough finical security in the beginning. Especially with her mum was going to be harping for grandchildren the moment after they said their 'I Dos.' She smirked; matter of fact right when they walk out of the chapel that afternoon – her mother will be going on about grandchildren. Her hands slid along her thin stomach. How would it be to having a child grow inside herself? To feel every flutter; every kick. Every hit. Feel every head butt against her organs. She fully knew that it wasn't time to start a family. Not right away. They just needed a little time to settle in to married life. It was one thing from moving forward from being best friends; lovers; to be married. She wanted them to have their marriage firmly settled before they brought a child into the mix. Parenthood would simply consume them. She just wanted to enjoy the time that she had him to herself for a little bit. She loved her job. She was doing what she had always prepared herself to do since she was little. Write for a magazine. She knew that he wasn't happy in his job. That in fact he hated his job. But there was no way that he would quite his job; because he wanted a life with her. Even through she would fully support his decision to quite his job – he wouldn't do it. It wasn't for the fact that he was the man and she was the woman. No; to him; he wanted to make sure that she was safe. To him if he chased after his true dream – which was to travel; and write travel books – he felt that wasn't a career choice that he could make – because he didn't want her to suffer. She would make him see that she didn't want him to die because of a job that he hated. She would get him to travel. She'll be right there by his side all the way. She could freelance with the magazine. Matter of fact her bosses would love for a travel section in the magazine. She turned off the water before the water would turn cold. Opening the shower clear door; she reached out for her towel. She would protect him with every thing she had. She would make sure he lived his life worthwhile. Not to have any regrets in life. She couldn't wait to see his eyes light up with every new place that they would travel too. Wrapping the towel around her body; she stepped from the shower. Smirking at the site of the steamed up bathroom mirror. She stepped up to the counter; and gently rubbed a circle around; so her face; and her wet shoulders showed. She loved these moments. A steam filled bathroom that felt like a sauna – even on a hot summer day. She loved this private sauna that she created for herself. She was so glad that she had made sure that the bathroom at the flat would enable her to have these moments. He never liked the sauna. He didn't mind his pours opening; but he would much rather be outside and fully clothed. She smiled. So even in her married life she would still be able to have her private moments like this. She removed the towel as she wrapped her arms around her smooth thin waist. How would she look pregnant? How would she look with some weight on her? Would she be able to handle having another life growing inside her? Would she be able to handle be responsible for another life? Would she turn out like her mother? Loving her children deeply – but didn't know physically how to express it? Not knowing how to vocally express it? Would her child be wondering about her love for him or her; just as she wondered about her own mother's love for her? She prayed that she would turn out like her father. She prayed that she would love her child at the moment of conception. She prayed that she would be able to physically; and vocally express her deep love for her child. She prayed that her child never once doubted her love for him or her. She picked up the pomegranate body lotion. She loved the smell on her. But then she thought of him; and knew that his nose always winkled whenever they were pressed close to each other. No. This wasn't the time to wear her favorite sent. She stared down at the mostly full bottle; and realized that she had taken her own needs ahead of his. He went out of the way to take away all his bad smelling cologne use for her. So why couldn't do the same for him? As of right now she was putting his personal smelling taste ahead of hers. She tossed the bottle into the wicket basket between the counter space; and the toilet. She grabbed the honeysuckle body wash in stead. He had always told her that he loved smelling honeysuckle on her. She stooped down and picked up her discarded towel; wrapping it around herself once more. She opened the bathroom door, and sighed as the steam swooshed into her bedroom. She walked over to her dresser; and pulled out fresh silk panties. She knew that he would enjoy them that night in their hotel suit. She slipped them on; and pulled out the matching strip less bra. Her towel slipped to the ground as she hooked the bra in the front; and scooted it around to the back. She got the bra in it's proper place. She knelt down and grabbed the towel; and started to towel dry her hair as she made her way back to the bathroom. Picking up her brush she started to brush her hair. She couldn't wait to take his name. She loved her father's name. How could she not? But to take her husband's name was a dream come true for her. By the end of the morning she would be known as someone's wife. As his wife. She would no longer be Ms. She would be Mrs. She bent down and grabbed her purple running pants; hopping once as she tugged them around her waist. She bent down for her negligee; and slipped it on as she stood straight once more. She grabbed the hair dyer; and turned it on. She flipped her head forward; so she could dry the under side of her hair first. She enjoyed the extra warmth that the full blast of the dyer had on her neck; it just added to the heat from the shower. She wasn't over heated – because she had learned early on to wait twenty minutes to dry her hair from her shower. She allowed her blood to cool before she added more heat. She brought the hair dryer to the front of her face as she straightened once more. She stuck out her tongue at her image in the mirror; as she watched her half damp; and half dry brunette hair fly out behind her. She softly laughed as some hairs blew into her face. As soon as her hair was dry she shut off the dyer. She simply stared at the wildness of her hair. She secretly wished her frame could handle wild hair. She would love to leave her hair like this. She would love to go out in public in her true form. But; she knew that her would just go all statically – bad hair day if she left her hair alone. At least in private she could enjoy these carefree moments. She never allowed anyone to see her like this. Not her parents, not her sister, and not him. Her brow furrowed as she thought of his reaction to seeing her like this? Would he love her even more seeing her in her true form? Or would his love dim? She didn't want to find out. He would never see her like this. This is for her only. She grabbed the brush and began to get her hair back in order. Soon the others would be here to help her get ready. Soon she wouldn't have any control over her hair until he and she were in their honeymoon suite. She laid the brush gently on the bathroom counter; and just simply stared into the mirror. She was really doing this. She was really going to give herself completely over to him. Mind. Body. Soul. Their first time was nerve wracking. She didn't really remember all the details. She just remembered being shy, and nervous. She didn't know what to do with her hands. Her lips. Her body. But; he was so gentle with her. He took control but he made her feel so special. He made her feel like his one and only. Even though she knew she wasn't his first. All that mattered was that he was her first. Her first, and her only. Today she was making it legal. She was making firm in God's sight. That he was her one and only. That no one else would do for her. Perhaps tonight she would take the lead. Show him that now that they were truly man and wife; that she could finally take care of him in the bed. That they would truly be equals in all matters. Out of bed; and in the bed. Her stomach tensed. Her hands drifted up; and she gently rubbed circles to calm the butterflies. She felt the muscles jump slightly. There was an knock on her bedroom door. Eyes widen she turned and rushed from the bathroom. She paused as she closed her eyes; and shook her hands at her sides to prepare for this moment. This moment that would forever change her life. Opening her eyes she grinned fully; and rushed to her bedroom door. Unlocking the door she threw it opened and stared at her two bridesmaid. She screamed with them; and jumped up and down. \"I'm getting married!\" She yelled. \"We know.\" They screamed in unison. All three women hugged tightly and jumped around. She backed up still managing to hang onto her friends into her bedroom. She pulled away. \"Just get me to the church on time.\" She said in her lite accented voice. \"Don't worry Rachel we will.\" Her maid of honor said. Rachel smiled as she watched her bedroom close behind her friends. It truly was time to prepare for her wedding to Heck. END OF PRELUDE Author's Note: This prelude was longer that I intended. I just kept flashing back to the very opening scene of Rachel – her on the bed staring at the clock. I just had to get her inner thoughts in the prelude chapter – before her bridesmaids showed up to help her get ready for the wedding. After all at this point in the movie she's all about Heck. It isn't until she sets eyes on Lucy (while walking down the isle to marry Heck) that her soul switches from Heck to Lucy. So for the prelude to the story Rachel's forced on Heck – and her inner thoughts of marriage; and children with Heck. As you know this is going to be told in the second person. First person stories are fun to write – but I want to forces on Lucy, Heck, Coop, Lucy's mum, Rachel's parents, and H. I can't do that if I write in first person. I may or may not go into very much in depth details with feelings besides those of Rachel, Lucy and Heck. Only because truly this love story is based around these three – the others are just outside characters. ","Summary":" TITLE: The Unstoppable Force SUMMARY: Rachel has fallen for Lucy three seconds after setting eyes o"},{"Movie":"Imagine Me & You","Title":"Nobody Home","Author":"vouvouka","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7452560","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Nobody Home To all Elements: we're dying. No-one lives here. Male is gone, along with the little female who was someone close to the Female (right, Database?). Male left the keys on a knob at the handrail of the spiral stairs. Hasn't done that before. Confirm, Front Door! Yes. He has never gone out without his keys, at least not when the Female was also out. Confirm, Main Entrance! Yes, matey, we're on our Jack Jones. We've got a serious predicament here, Elements. I convoke a council. You sound mightily concerned, boss. D' you think this condition will be permanent? That's what I'm trying to assess. Balcony? Yes, boss. Quite a novel situation: Male has never visited here, let alone sit on the balustrade. In fact, the last one to sit on it was a guest from some weeks before. She literally straddled… Right, that's irrelevant. What did you glean from his talk with the little female? Same as you, boss, Male's not coming back. Can anyone confirm or refute this? Anyone? No answer? Well, let's rationalize: why should he or shouldn't he be coming back? Mark the following point: this place is also his, he has rights of possession. So, was he driven away by someone, him having given up his rights? Or, has Male lost his rights due to misconduct? Has he left of his own accord for his own, unknown to us, reasons? In all cases what action from our side could reverse the present situation? Oi, boss, that's a lot o' gab there. Break it down for us, will you? Simply told, I'm afraid we're not going to be lived in. We'll be slowly dying, until someone decides to live here again. In the meantime, we can use the time we have left to discuss things, mainly if we have in any way contributed to the Humans' leaving here. Humans come and go, they do that all the time. Right, Carpet, and you've certainly seen, I mean, felt them do so. All right, suppose we start cataloguing all unusual or unexpected behaviour. Who'll contribute first? This is Bed, boss. Couple hasn't had carnal knowledge in a while. Male insisted, Female declined. There was also talk of procreation, which entails intercourse, but nothing sexual took place. Female occasionally secreted vaginal fluids, though. That unusual? Yes, she only use to did that when the Male felt her up. Plus, whole last week they only slept back against back. That unusual? Yes (right, Database?). We'll have to analyse this. Sex keeps humans together, therefore lack of it causes dispersion. Towards our strife for betterment, would you say, Bed, that you weren't comfortable enough? Boss, the action I've seen on occasion between Male and Female precludes comfort as a probable cause for separation. You mean, they'd go on shagging even if you were a bed of nails? No, Main Entrance, I don't mean this . I only say sex doesn't really need comfortable environment. Is itself uncomfortable. Sofa here. I second that. I 've seen some action, too. Although I serve a different purpose, I've been used as a love-making spot. Right, I understand. Shall we pursue this sex matter further or do we rule it out? Boss, my experience says, sex is never to be ruled out as a decisive factor of human relationships. Now, I second this, Sofa-boy. Talk of the street, you savvy? So we concentrate on unusual sexual behaviour? There's too much data to analyse. For example oral… A blowie , ya say? I meant oral data, words exchanged, you randy daft. Continue, Sofa. Main Entance, you're on 'hold'. Sure, boss. Apart from physical sexual activity, there's been recorded oral – don't you dare interrupt me, Main – interaction. When Cooper is here present, ninety per cent of the conversation consists of sexual bantering verging on harassing. Latest said interaction was at the dinner with Male, Female, Cooper and Luce. Luce being? The red-headed female recently invited to dinner. Oi, boss… You're on 'hold', Main! All right. Your call! The guest's name must have slipped me. Database has recorded it. Yeah, but it never talks. So, you suggest, that Cooper has orally managed to separate the Male-Female couple. I have no data. Perhaps Database… Aww, you can forget about it, I said! Boss, why do we keep on asking Database? It's never answered, has it? It's typical, Table. Yeah, I know, typical of the old bugger. What I meant, Main Entrance, is that it's the thing to do. We are of limited perception. It can put the whole picture together for us to see. Carry on, Sofa. Now, there have been bits of unusual, howsoever this may be interpreted, behaviour during said interaction, that dinner, that is. They didn't play strip poker, did they? Say what? Something Cooper always boasts about all the time. Whenever he and Male talked on the phone, he… No, nothing of that kind happened. But new factors were inserted by the presence of the other guest, Luce. Explain that. Before said dinner, Luce had a talk with Male. They drank wine. Male talked about Female, his book, his work. Luce said she was gay. Say, Big One, will you let me yap? Luce gotta be the one I told you about the other day. Yes, you said Female walked with a redhead female up to you, said 'goodnight', then they parted. Oi, I know what me mincers saw, Female was about to neck Ginger, but good. Yes, but they didn't. They sure didn't, but Female eye-banged Ginger. Well, this calls for corroboration. Phone… Blimey, boss, I knew it right off the bat, she a bean-flicker… Main Entrance, you've just communicated to us your piece of information. Will you, now, wait till when your turn comes again? Sorry, gaffer… Cor, a dyke she be… Enough, Main Entance, you're on 'hold' again! Phone, to you again. I think we'd better review all the recent calls. The answer should be there. Well, boss, there's a thing or two: some days before Main Entrance's… eye-bang… Knew you'd love the term! Quiet! Yes, Phone? …Female had dialed a mobile number, namely 030-3456-5699. Number answered, but Female didn't speak. She hung up. Mere seconds later, said number called back. Male answered it. The speaker was one Luce. Perhaps the same one? The gist: Male arranged for Female to meet with this Luce and go to a football match. Football is a man thing, Phone. You would know about it, Main, wouldn't you? Well, that's it boss, a dubious call. Is it of help? We'll see. When was that match? Yeah, when was it, Database? Oi, don't get into trouble answering, forgot you a mute. Don't get cocky, Main. It was on Tuesday. Tuesday, huh? Hey, boss, it was Tuesday night Female came home with Ginger. No doubt now, she be Luce. Didn't hear for sure? Nope, but she was the one that came for dinner, a bit before Coop did. Then she's the one that straddled the balustrade, unfolded her umbrella and watched the rain falling. So, what about it, Balcony? Nothing abnormal in this. Wait, there's more: Female insisted she come in out of the rain, talked a bit, then Female rubbed Luce's shoulders to shake off the cold. Oh, Female rubbed Luce's shoulders, is what she did, is it? Main Entrance, you're all insinuation, but we need facts. Anyway, having ascertained this piece of information, too, do we now have any insight as to what caused the separation? Boss, may I? Yes, Sofa? I should mention that the night before yesterday while Male was lying drunken Female talked to him and said she had gone crazy for someone else. She also said that it was over, that's she'd make it all up again… Same old bollocks! Main Entrance, shut up! Will do, boss, sorry! Male feigned sleep. Female went alone to bed. A bit later Male stood up and went to the phone. Phone, you there? Yep, boss. Report! Called Cooper, phone number 245-711-8735. Voice wavery, drunk, tearful. Call content recorded by Database. The gist: he knew he was cheated on, but not who the other part was. Coop promised to help. Some help is to be expected from this trollop! Main Entrance, the situation being as it is, we can exclude no-one of us from this council. But this is your last warning: you either mind your tongue or… Boss, may I? Sure, Sofa. I'm older than you all. Each one of you may know one particular thing about people, I know many more. Sex, friend Bed, is not just intercourse, copulation or procreation. Sex, friend Main Entrance, is not just banging, fucking and shagging. Sex is an all-powerful thing. All encompassing. What's your drift, mate? The sexual attraction between Female and Luce caused the separation between Female and Male. That's a giant leap of a conclusion! No, no far-fetched conclusion, rather experience. As I said, I've been inside a number of homes. You, on the contrary, are only familiar with Female and Male. To me, it all adds up. The dialogues, the little bits of info, even Main's streetwise education. This must be it… or else, I know nothing of the world. And I've been places… Well, I must admit it does sound logical. It is logical. It's also probable, understandable, expectable. It's… the way of the world. Boss, Bed here. I for one am convinced. I mean, getting accustomed, in fact getting tuned to Male and Female for quite a number of years and suddenly perceiving such a stormy change, well, it must be an external cause. And the Luce hypothesis, it's quite plausible, methinks. As far as the 'whodunnit' part is concerned, I'm almost positive. But, there are ramifications of another nature, like, psychological ones. Gadzooks, Sofa, have you, by any chance, ever belonged to Dr. Freud? Or some other shrink? Please, Main, let me finish. And, everybody, please, note further: separation is not always something bad. It could be salvation, release, liberation, it could be anything positive. I know, I've seen this. People talked of breaking up while sitting on me, then one would leave and leave the other broken. Into pieces. That person would cry, sometimes for days on end, or would lie there thrashing himself to sleep. But after a while… it mends again. You talkin' 'bout your upholstery? Quit joking, Main. I see, Sofa… Well, then, if the Male-Female separation is to be unequivocally attributed to Luce, it follows with certainty that it isn't our fault, individually or collectively, which thing is my first concern… Well, Elements all, my verdict is that we've generally done well, done nothing wrong and accordingly can rest in peace. Oh, please, not such talk. Meaning, of course, till someone decides to come to live here. Sofa said, he'd seen it happen before, haven't you, Chesterfield? Are the intervals long? Sometimes, pretty long. So I've heard. I've been luckier than others I know of. Since we're at it, do we have any suggestions whatsoever about improvements among us? Individually or collectively? I submit, Main Entrance must improve his language. Want a bash in the eye, Phone? I'm certain you've been taking a secret pride in transmitting all the bollocks the Male ever said. Female was collected, she was. Up to the eye-bang, that is. What about your foul mouth? It's got nothing to do with the Humans breaking up, you… \" Database will now talk \". Wha'?... Hush, everyone! \" Database says 'true love' \". Unbelievable! Database has spoken. Indeed he has… But in riddles. \"True love\", what ? What does he mean, boss? I think he might mean… that's why Female and Male broke up. There wasn't true love between them. Or that Female found true love in the person of Luce. Well… if it is so, then all of our… police-work was for nought. And I'll consider it a further confirmation from its part that we're not to be held responsible. Perhaps we don't have to correct or improve anything. I repeat, Main Entrance sure must improve his language. Now, I will bash your eye, Phoney! Wanna come up or do I come down? If only I… Wha'? Strike me pink, boss, my mince pies are flipping. It's Female with Ginger coming this way. They holding hands. Smiling. Reckon something good is going on. Keep on reporting, Main. Boss, they kissing, they kissing right with their kissers, cupping each other, whoa, watch them tongues… Get a hold of yourself, you cad! The palone-omis comin' upstairs, boss. Female takes keys out. Is holding Ginger by the waist. Oh, vada how she lills her dally bijou dish, vada how she ogles her eek! Bet they gonna go to doss and charver right away? Hey, boss, I think Main Entrance here has finally come out! Not the first one today, Phone… All right, Elements, all ready? Ready, boss. Front Door, report? Front Door here. They'll be here in seven, six, five, four, three… To all Elements: we're living again, mates! We'll be lived in. They 'll live here, true love will live here! ","Summary":" Nobody Home To all Elements: we're dying. No-one lives here. Male is gone, along with the little fe"},{"Movie":"Imagine Me & You","Title":"Phonecall","Author":"vouvouka","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9256554","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Phonecall \"Hi, Robbie, what's up? Henry here… Yes, Henry Welles, my friend… Right, listen here, Rob, I'm in a serious predicament… whaddya laughing at? Hah, my choise of words, yeah… 'Predicament'… Well, I'll put it another way, Robbie-boy, I'm in serious shit and ear-deep at that! Do you now get me? Have I your attention now? Thank you! Listen, then: did you golden boys know Ecuador would nationalize the silver-mines? Yes, Ecuador, the South American country, the one crossed by the equator, hence its name… are you bullshitting me, Rob? I'm talking about my silver-mine stocks, the ones the other golden boy, your associate… yes, Hector, that one… the ones he talked me into buying… 'When was that?'? Excuse me, do you keep on pulling my leg? No, you listen, you are the ones I trusted my money with, you keep dates, numbers et cetera. I only know what I read in the papers, that the Ecuadorian silver-mines are being nationalized, liquidized, the hell I know, I said, you're the specialists… specialists, my arse! No, I won't cool down... what the hell am I doing talking to you, get me Hector, I've been trying all morning to reach him and 'he's not available at the moment' his secretary told me ten times. Is he hiding, then? What ? 'The day off for his wife's birthday'? Now I know for sure I'm toyed with! I lost two hundred thou quid in, what, ten hours and he's on leave ? I wish I was there, you rumscullions, I'd thrash you… Where am I? None of your business, but I'm friggin' stuck in a traffic jam. Yes, some busybody mayor re-piping the city. God, when I'm in a hurry… 'Calm down'? I won't calm down, I'm waiting for you to tell me 'you got securities, equities or what on earth you call them, on your investment, Henry'… If you so much as pronounce the words 'calm down, Henry', I will… hold on a moment… Hey, will you be quiet, I can't hear myself talking! Wha'? Never mind, some girl shouting beside my ear. Hey, she must be mad or something, she climbed, get this , on top of her car and she's shouting a name… 'Luce' or something… How should I know, lots of lunatics around, one of them could be called 'Luce'… hey, don't you change the subject! As I was saying, I'm expecting you to… oh, no, she's started again! Oh, come on, somebody please fetch this Luce person… No, I'm telling you, it's a madhouse round here, the crane has choked us with its fumes… no, my windows are down. Oh, must you know? Right, my air-condition is broken, plus, mind you, always use a mobile phone with your head protruding through the window a bit. Yes, doctor's advice. What else… yes, this courier bicyclist almost scratched my mirror… the fool, riding against the traffic… yes, if the traffic had been moving, I stand corrected… hey, Robbie-boy for the past five minutes you're trying to sidetrack me! It won't work, you know, and, for the third time… yes, I'm counting, dammit, for the third time, I'm expecting to hear from you… no… she can't have said that! Wha'? I'm talking about the lass on the car-roof. She's just shouted… no, she can't have… well, if you must have it, she shouted 'you're a wanker, Number Nine'. How in Heaven could I know who 'Number Nine' is? All right, now I see it, God is having a laugh, people around me, perhaps me included, have gone crazy… for Pete's sake, what… what is happening? Rob… I'll have you know, we're the last two sane persons left in the world… and I doubt if I still am. Rob... there's another woman just got out of a taxi and climbed on a flatbed lorry… No, I'm trying to hold on to my sanity, but this is what I'm watching right now, a flame-haired woman is standing on a… oh... oh, so this is Luce! Haha, that's crazy, my lad, that's just… wait! No, come on, these things don't just happen, they must be a shooting a film, that should explain everything… She can do… what? The shouting brunette, she just said… 'she can do… this'… 'this' being… what? Look, she's said it again. I don't get it… Rob... I... I think we lost the thread of our conversation too many times on account of those crazy dames. Stuck as I am in this jam, I'm ready to calm down... yes, like you said, calm down and discuss my… predicament… there they go again! Right, my fault, it's my fault, excuse me, yes, but these ladies have started another… commotion… they're running towards one another. OK, mystery solved, it's got to be a film-shoot… though cameras are nowhere to be seen… all right, whatever, when she returns I'll ask her name… and an autograph… she looks American, now that I think of it… Hey, you don't suppose the traffic-jam was… a set ? Oh, I'll sue them, even if they have a permit… Rob! Rob… you there? Rob… the girls… have just… kissed! No, they've actually kissed… In their mouth, of course, you silly! I wonder, do actresses charge more to play gay roles… Just wondering, you jackass, I'm not interested! And everyone's watching. Funny though, no cameras, no staff around. You don't suppose… no… no, it can't be… Rob ! Rob, you there? Rob, this is no film! Rob, they're done kissing and now they're walking toward the brunette's car… coming my way! Oh, Rob, if only you were here… What? Oh, forget about the stocks, what I'm seeing is… is… gorgeousness! No, I'm not experienced in… this, but, they're such a lovely sight! No, Rob, both of them are all woman, not the… female trucker kind! Yes, I, too, had some other notion about lesbians, but, hey, every day we learn something new... Shh, they're passing me by… Well, no matter, they seem oblivious to the stares and comments from around… and why should they care, could you tell me… They got into the car… Wow, their… family is inside, now that I notice… They all seem happy… What? Rob… if I haven't told you, I'm a sentimental man. These ladies have made my day. Oh, no, we will talk about my stocks later… but not now. Now, I'll close my eyes… inhale the exhaust fumes and I'll dream of two such ladies… Yes, wise guy, 'straight' ones of course! And, listen here, Robbie, don't… don't tell Hector I got angry with him… In the end, I like him, he's always been a loveable chap. It's just… you know what, this crazy business. Oh, and be sure to convey my best to his wife on her birthday. May she live long… and may they live long… ah… happy together. Well, patch up some wish on my behalf, will ya? Thanks, Robbie-boy, be talkin' to ya, bye!\" ","Summary":" Phonecall \"Hi, Robbie, what's up? Henry here… Yes, Henry Welles, my friend… Right, listen here, Ro"},{"Movie":"Imagine Me & You","Title":"Brain storms","Author":"Mlle Violine","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8393269","Passage":"[Chapter 1] There I am, beginning a small two-shot, which I hope you'll like. Sorry if there are any mistakes, I'm French and been trying to write in English for a very long time indeed...Hope very much you'll enjoy this as much as I did writing it ! The following chapter will be updated soon ! Anyway, thanks a lot for reading this ! Warning : Self pleasuring in this cha pter ! Don't like, don't read ! There she was, walking up the aisle. Dressed as all the brides are usually are on their wedding day, but there was something…Something in her eyes, in her expression that made Luce just stop walking down to the door of the church. This beautiful woman seemed to be glistening with joy and pride at the same time, carried away by her father who looked just as happy as his daughter. There was a glint in her eyes, that made Luce think that she could possibly fall in love with her. Or, at least…feel something. Maybe it was just silly to be that caught in a glimpse from across an alley in a church, but the redhead effectively something twitch in her insides. It was a very weird feeling indeed. The woman had had several adventures, all of them not meaning a great deal to her. They were women to meet just for one night…And she would generally never call them back after that. But here, caught in the moment, she couldn't help but thinking that she was attracted to this very pretty, thin, blonde woman…Who was about to get married in a few minutes. She shook mentally her head. « Come on, Luce, you're stupid. She's obviously living the best day of her life, and you're thinking about grabbing her hand and run freely together in a field, playing in the wheat ? You deserve more than that… » She smiled, letting her hair falling down, and made her way to the door, decided not to let the blonde enter in her head again. After all, she was here on business, and only to this purpose, right… ? How very wrong she was. Rachel was still in the car. Both her father and Beth had walked away, entering the church, while she stood there, sitting, worrying, anxious about the minutes to come. What if everything went wrong ? What if she didn't want to marry Heck after all ? Was it all a big mistake disguised under a very happy occasion, decorated with flowers and forcing her to pull on a very big and white dress ? She shook her head, gaining confidence in herself. She loved Heck with all her heart and soul, he was handsome, she was pretty…And they would be so happy together, she told to herself in a sing-song voice. Allowing her best « wedding-y » smile to spread across her face, she got out of the car, joining Ned, her father, decided not to let this kind of thoughts enter her head during the whole day. She was happy to be here, happy to be soon the wife of a man she had loved for years, and many others to come. There was absolutely no reasons to doubt the commitment she was about to make for the rest of her life, because she was just fine with the way things were between them. Entering the small but beautifully decorated building, she felt her breath catch in her throat. She looked at the other side of the long aisle spreading just before her feet, and saw Heck's expression, bizarrely twisted but smiling all the same. She guessed by the light in his eyes when she saw her, that he was more than relieved that she finally came round, and did not decide to let him down. How stupid he was to think about that, she thought gently to herself. She was so in love with him…Nothing could ever break them apart. They were so perfect for each other. He definitely was her soulmate, her prince, her lover, her everlasting friend…Her eveything, to be short. She smiled all the way to the half of the aisle, and then turned her head to the left because she saw something which catch her eyes. She glanced at the other side of the church, and her breath becale heavier. Her face landed on a person she's never seen before, a tiny readhead who was glaring at her, too. She didn't know what to do, she was caught in the expression of her face, quiet and curious at the same time. The first thing that crossed her mind was that she was more beautiful than every person in this building, including Heck. Heck… She turned her head back to stare straight ahead, allowed herself to smile mildly to her soon-to-be-husband, and forced herself to forget about that…apparition in the alley of the church. While getting married, all she could think about was that woman. « What's wrong with me ? » she asked herself, lost in the twirling of her thoughts, which all revolved around her. This mistery woman, who, she thought she would never see again. This seemed to be disappoiting her even more. The evening has passed by, very quickly to Rachel's surprise. She was even a bit disappointed that the day had passed so fast, because she had prepared her wedding for years now…Still, it was over, and there she layed in her bed, next to Heck who was fast asleep. Yet, she couldn't find the way to drift into sleep herself, because her thoughts were still twirling in her head. She has been thinking way too much today, way too much for someone who should have been spending the best time of her life. Weddings were supposedly very happy occasions…And after all she was, but now…this Luce girl was still wandering in her brain, talking and flashing bright smiles to her. Rachel turned over one more time, still hoping that her troubled thoughts would go away somehow. She finally sat in the sheets, allowing her toes to slip outside of the newly-weds bed, and left the room, closing silently the door behind her. This was stupid. She got married today, for God's sake ! She couldn't, she wasn't allowed to… Thunder crashed in her head while she realized what was happening. « Oh my…God ! » she spat, still astonished by her thoughts. She could see Luce's face so clearly now, it was frightening. No, she decided, frightened to death. She wasn't going to let this happen. She wasn't going to let herself fall in love with another woman. Because that's what was going on in her disturbed mind. As days passed by, as she tried to see Luce as many times she could without awakening her husband's worries, she was falling harder and harder every single second. And as much as Rachel wanted to, she couldn't manage to get the woman out of her head. So, one early morning, after having spent an horrible night, she woke up to find that she had taken a decision during the few minutes she slept. She was going to talk about all of this to Luce. And as realization crossed her mind, she found herself relieved to finally be able to talk about all this, because this was eating her alive. Luce had meet a lot of women in her life. She had known she was a lesbian at the early age of thirteen, and it never was any kind of difficulty. She knew, deep inside, that men weren't as sexy as a woman could be. Shapes and curves were things she was very attracted to, and she found herself thinking, while everyone else among her feminine friend was desperately trying to get a boyfriend that a woman's skin was much more softer and tender to the touch. Luce smiled to herself as she remembered the time she told her mother she liked girls rather than boys. She had smiled from ear to ear, eyes still a bit sad, and said to the little redhead : « I know, Luce. I've known for a while now…But you know, you're seventeen now, and you're an adult…Make your own choices, as long as they keep you happy, and I want to meet the girl who will make you go nuts, because she's gonna be the partner of one amazing woman. » With that little speech, Luce had felt her throat go dry, her eyes began to water and she found herself pressed up against her mother in a tender hug. Since then, she had felt free to go out with a woman every time she felt like it, and kissed and slep with many women, trying to find some kind of pleasure in these short encounters. But for a few weeks now, she's been trying to erase a certain someone from her thoughts. She had fallen in love two times already. Both were heterosexual women, both broke her heart and she had spent quite some time to forget about those two. And this time was just the same story repeating itself over and over again. She had a major crush on this Rachel girl, she one she saw at her own wedding. Dressed in white, blonde, pretty, blue eyes that could have pierced her soul, to her very core…She could never forget those eyes. For nights now, she had fallen asleep thinking about her and allowing her hand to wander in the lower parts of her body, trying to forget that she was marsturbating thinking about a woman who was married and who had no idea what was going on in her mind. That night, she was laying on her bed, legs and arms spread across the mattress, eyes fixing the ceiling. It was getting darker and darker outside, but she didn't felt like turning on the lights. She suddenly fought the urge to grab her cellphone and call Rachel right now, just to hear her voice and jerking off just listening to her talking. She blushed at the very thought, and before she knew, she was dialling her number. Biting her lip, she waited for the blonde woman to answer. She was kind of hoping she would pick up her phone, but she didn't. Disappointed, she turned off her phone, and, still in the dark, left her room to go down the stairs. She needed…her hand to give her relief, because the part between her legs was aching like crazy, but she was determined to stop thinking about Rachel while doing that. It was gross. She crossed the corridor between the stairs and the kitchen, who had a very large window looking out in the street. Luce felt her legs twitch as she sat down on the counter, slowly drinking an orange juice. Her breath catched as she felt her heart speed up, her hand was taking the path to her belly, and a bit underneath. As she began feeling herself becoming wet, she turned to be facing the rest of the kitchen, her back to the window. She caressed herself, enjoying every second of it, and she did not hear the door opening and closing slowly. She only heard a soft gasp coming from the entrance of the room she was currently sitting in. As she softly opened her eyes, they landed on no one else than…Rachel. Liked it ? Didn't like ? Just tell me what you think, and don't be shy ! ","Summary":" There I am, beginning a small two-shot, which I hope you'll like. Sorry if there are any mistakes, "},{"Movie":"Imagine Me & You","Title":"Déjà–Vu","Author":"vouvouka","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7504370","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Déjà–Vu \"The diving into the fountain usually takes place at around nine o'clock, after the cyclists have had a chance of some rest. And even late-comers, they can come at twelve and find the party in full swing. And the diving never stops. De plus, as of late, many sponsors install inflatable pools all around the place.\". \"I suppose there's ample lighting, right?\" Hector asked. \"I mean, I have to shoot adequate footage…\" \"Not to worry, Monsieur McCloud, the night becomes day. And then there's the fireworks. En verité, during these three days Perpignan is 'hotter' even than Saint Tropez\". \"You mean, we'll get to see topless girls in the street?\" Pierre Dalbiez guffawed and patted Hector's back. \"A straight-shooter, I see. Yes, you will. It'll probably last only a few minutes, though. The Gendarmerie is sure to arrive with linen-sheets\" he finished laughing. \"All sorted, then. Well, in the meantime I think I'll take some rest. If you'd only remind me which way we came from my hotel?\" \"Certainly\" Pierre answered. \"But, won't we have lunch first? You're my guest. Monsieur le Maire told me you're to be given all attention and assistance, since you're including Perpignan in your guide… the renowned 'Hector McCloud's Holiday-Slash-Party Guide'… It's the… how-many-eth edition?\" \"The fifth, so far\" replied Hector modestly. \"The fifth\" mused Pierre \"and a world best-seller from day-one, n'est-ce pas?... I admire you! You will autograph my copy, non?\" \"Of course, Pierre, I will. And, please, don't make big eyes. It may be a best-seller, I'm happy it is, because that's how I earn my living nowadays, but it's more of a labour of love. I've been devoting my time to it since… since day one of my adult life\". \"I see… So, you used to have another job, you mean?\" Hector's face showed the tiniest bit of annoyance. But he smiled it away. Pierre wasn't prying, he was just being friendly. And an lovable chap, at that. \"I did. It paid well, but I'd rather not remember about it. It cost me… a lot.\" Pierre was all graces. \"By all means, I was just curious. At least could you answer another question I've always had: what's the exact meaning of 'Holiday-Slash-Party'? This 'Slash' thing confuses me. It's not about duels, right? And it's not, par hasard, about… girls involved in sexual antics… or is it?\" Hector laughed heartily with Pierre's approach of the matter. Pierre joined in, too. \"Ha-ha, a good one… Well, it's a private joke. Whenever I was talking about my plans, I was always referring to my long-into-making guide as 'Holiday-Slash-Party', with 'slash' meaning the punctuation mark. When I was asked by my publisher about the title, I though I'd carry the joke further… That was good… 'girls involved in sexual antics '… ha-ha\". But Hector did discern, as he was finishing his sentence, that Pierre's smile took on a wry quality, as if even his own intepretation of the joke was too much for him. And the next second he remembered that joking about slash, even if it belonged to literature, was like turning the knife inside a wound. At least, would be some years back. The last he'd heard of Rachel and Luce, they were happy together, married three years now. They'd also applied for adopting a child. All sorted, then. \"All sorted, then. I'm glad and honoured to be your guest. And since I know next to nothing about cooking, or else I'd be writing a Michelin-guide or something of the like, I leave to you the choice of the restaurant\" Hector said. Pierre, as if overjoyed, grabbed Hector's arm and leaned in his ear in mock mystification. \"Take it from a Frenchman, 'Ector: the best places to eat are not inside the 'Guide Michelin'\". He straightened up, laughed with himself and patted Hector's back again. \"There are places I hide even from my friends. 'The less people know about it, the better'\". \"Aha, French wisdom?\". \"No, 'Pierre's Eating-Slash-Drinking Tips'\" said he, winking his eye. They both laughed again. Once again they patted each other's backs. The transition from 'Mr. McCloud' to ''Ector' was quite natural. Pierre took the lead and motioned for Heck to follow. Hector had already visited most Mediterranean countries. Hugs, bear-hugs, kisses, multiple kisses, pats on the back, were a daily matter, a matter of course. And spirits. It seemed he couldn't be introduced to anyone without being invited to a drink, from ouzo and sambuca to raki and pastis. Little shots, that's true, but much too often in the day… And now, today, on the 10 of July, he found himself a denizen-for-a-day-or-two in Perpignan to bear witness to the arrival of the Tour de France bicyclists. The Pyrénées-étape, after some 200 kilometres of buttocks-trying cycling through mountainous regions, would festively, in the finest French and Catalan tradition, finish here. Pierre Dalbiez, a local journalist and columnist, would be his cicerone. And he turned out to be the right guy: well-versed in matters of the day and age but not stuffy and, most important, humorous and joyful in a contagious way. The french word is 'gai' thought Hector. ' Come off it, McCloud' he debated with himself mentally ' it's all buried in the past, I thought we'd agreed on that!' ' We have, we certainly have… but that final… slash…' was the last segment of his train of thought. Pierre was pointing at a certain house, saying they'd arrived. The establishment was a tavern, easily distinguishable from a restaurant or a bistrot. It was slightly elevated in reference to the street proper and a luxuriant garden around it provided landscape, shade and coolness. They sat out, in the shade, with only a partial view to the street. People, locals and tourists, easy to tell them apart, were parading and enjoying the summer high-noon all-pervading bliss, crossing the bridges over La Têt, stopping before shop-windows, drinking from a fountain spout. Hector was taking it all in, making mental notes, thinking it'd be a fine place to spend more days than he could now afford. Perhaps next year. In the distance, to the southeast, he thought he could discern the Mediterranean's inviting glitter. Pierre was a fabulous maitre d'. Hector was smiling as he was watching and enjoying the gusto with which his host ordered mixed dishes, discussed wines and aperitifs and minutely describing the types of salads they'd like to have, all of it enhanced with zestful gestures. Finally the garçon took off. Hector wasn't sure he could cope with the amount of food ordered. Pierre, on the other hand, looked absolutely content. They were talking about this and that, when the waiter brought the first instalment. Two Pernod long-drinks with decoration were highlighting the composition. Various morsels of food were filling a series of little plates. They were all quickly and skillfully deposited on the table by the waiter, who afterwards departed, as in a hurry to be back before they were all consumed. Sure enough, Pierre invited Hector to start and set into eating his fill. His gusto acquired now a more lay character. And every now and then he'd invite Hector to a glass-clinking. \"À la tienne\" he'd say and meaning it, every time of it, Hector was sure. They kept on talking about this and that. \"Anyway, Pierre, how about you? Married?\" asked Hector at some point. Made the slightest pause, didn't want to pry, wanted to cover all probabilities. \"Ever been married, ever gonna be married?\". He paused again, mentally this time. Have I lived this before? 'D é j à –vu' is French, right? Pierre didn't answer immediately. He took a sip of his Pernod. He parted his lips, made a face as if either the Pernod was suddenly too bitter or the recollection even bitterer. He took another sip. Another draw . \"I… was once married, but… I left her… She left me… It's over… Who would care?\" said Pierre, letting a very shallow sob intonate his uttering. ' D é j à –vu' is also good English , thought Hector. He suddenly wanted to let a sob out, too. Instead, he took his glass and clinked it against Pierre's, who turned and faced Hector. \"I'd care, Pierre. I've been through this too\" he said simply. Pierre made an interrogative face, mustered a smile, raised his glass and clinked it in his turn on Hector's. \"Well, it's a story you could insert in a book you might write, 'Ector, c'est vrai. Well, I'll order another tidbit dish and a round of Pernods… or would you like some wine…\" \"Isn't it too early and too hot for wine?\" countered Hector. \"Non, mon ami, it's never too late or too early for wine or love-making\" he said seriously, looking around for the waiter. Found him and signalled him. Turned again to Hector. \"Really, I don't mind telling my story. As I said, it's over now. It might also serve as a reminder. 'A story with a moral', they say, n'est-ce pas? But… I'll tell it later. In fact, I have to be more than a bit drunk… or you can't stand seeing drunk people?\". A man after my heart , thought Hector. \"No, absolutely not, I'll gladly get drunk with you and then I'll sing you some country songs… or you can't stand country music?\" \"Since you asked, I don't like country music, pas du tout! On the other hand, if it'll make you happy, you can sing whatever you want. D'ailleurs, I haven't told you yet, but my all time favourite singer is British. It's Dusty Springfield. And my favourite song is 'The Look Of Love'\". \"You're joking me! I love this song, too. I had ordered it played as many times as possible at my wedding reception. I…\" He paused. The spirit had set his tongue free, but along came memories. And feelings. 'Buried in the past' his other self would insist. \"You… what was it you wanted to say?\" asked Pierre courteously, although a bit taken aback. Hector looked at him steadily. He composed himself. He smiled. \"Nothing. Just a happy coincidence, is all. Right, order the wine and I'm all ears for your story\" he said at length. The waiter came, took the order and went, in his supple way. He was back before they had the chance to speak, carrying a bottle of Languedoc rosé and another rich tidbit dish. Pierre took the initiative and poured for both of then liberally. They clinked glasses again. They drank. \"I think it all started with… country music!\" Pierre began, making a funny face. \"No, I'm joking, I meant with my wife's singing lessons. She'd always played acoustic guitar very well, could accompany any song she'd want. Now, she wanted to train her voice further. She searched through the papers and found a vocal coach, whose fee was reasonable and lived only four blocks away. More wine?\" \"Yes, thank you\" said Hector. He smiled. \"Let me guess: your wife was seduced\". He said it unbitterly, but sympathizingly. He knew by now Pierre wasn't the type to take offence. It was for both of them water under the bridge. Pierre smiled, but shook his head. \"Non! My wife was the seducer! At least that's what I'd learnt afterwards. I should have guessed\" he said tapping at his temple with his forefinger \"the first three lessons took place at our home and then under various pretexts they continued at the teacher's. To make a long story short, after a while, me in the meantime having… what's the word… aha… twigged , yes, having twigged nothing, my wife announced that she loved someone more than me. Alors, it didn't make sense to argue…\" Hector had never been belligerent, but thought he'd cater to Pierre's Mediterranean temperament, if only as a gesture of friendship, but not altogether superficially. \"Why, you should have intimidated him. If he was the unwilling part, a fighting word or two might have made him turn astern and her come running back to you\". Pierre was munching on a meatball. He gulped it down with some wine while he was looking inquiringly at Heck. \"Intimidate him? Who do you mean?\" \"Why, the singing teacher\". \"The teacher was a woman, 'Ector. My wife must have discovered her Sapphic self\" Heck's mouth must have remained agape for the best part of a minute. In the meantime, Pierre swallowed two more meatballs, murmuring between chomps under his breath something unintelligible in French. Or was it Catalan? Or Occitan? \"You mean…\" Hector at length managed to articulate . \"That's exactly how it happened, 'Ector\" Pierre blurted, his cheeks flushed. \"You can call me conservative, but losing my wife to a better man, whatever that may mean, I'd understand. Now, this lesbian connection, this… 'slash' thing… ha-ha, you see? My former question had a double meaning, you can see it now, 'Ector, can't you? What does 'slash' mean, ha-ha… and why should it happen to me?\". At this the tears flowed. He lowered his head. They both did. They drank in silence for a while, the silence mercifully unbroken by the walking by of the few mid-afternoon strollers. \"Your turn, mon ami\". He gestured with his arm, including the tavern, the garden, the table with the food and the spirits. \"This is our confessional. If you have something that burdens your heart, well, out with it now, here !\". His eyes were smiling again. Hector emptied his glass in one draw, more of a shot , to Pierre's unveiled surprise, manifested by the widening of his eyes. Hector felt the quasi-sweet wine travel at the speed of light through his veins and nerves and poking into intoxicated wakefulness all of his members and edges of his body. Pierre was right, this was the confessional and this fine wine nothing less than the Communion. \"Me and my Rachel, we were… so good together. We were friends, Pierre, more than a couple or a married couple. We were so close. Our marriage would be more of an official announcement of our happiness, our friendship – I'll have to repeat this – than a social convention\". Here Heck drank some more and looked the other in the eye. Yes, he now knew, he was re-telling Pierre's story as well. It was obvious from the way his fingers almost caressed the glass-stem, from the appraising twisting of his lips, the telltale moisture at Pierre's eyes. And on he went and on the afternoon wore. But by now the wine's dulcour had dissolved all traces of bitterness and the two friends kept on talking and sharing. \"And I kept the best for last: this slash thing… are you ready for this… that's what happened to me too… my wife fell in love with another woman…\" Barely had Hector finished his sentence and Pierre broke into serious laughter. And, it seemed, that was the catalyst. Unburdened and untethered they laughed the last of the past bitter memories away. More wine was poured, more piquant dishes ordered. Their tongues were given free rein. They talked on for hours. \"So you see, my wife now has a… wife. Or should it be… a mistress… a 'maitresse', right?\" Heck said. \"Une 'maitresse'? You don't mean 'a teacher', too, do you?\" asked Pierre slyly. \"No\" Hector was fully enjoying his inebriation \"I mean a lover\". Pierre raised his eyebrows. \"A lover? An 'amateur', then?\" \"Not an amateur, she was a professional florist. I'm sure she had some kind of certification or another.\" Pierre threw himself into a new bout of laughter. Even the waiter who was getting morsels of the intoxicated conversation joined in the general mirth. \"And what about us, the faithful types. Where do we stand?\" asked Pierre in a wine-infused mock-philosophical manner. \"Ah, now, Pierre, it seems we are… perverts!\" exclaimed Heck. \"Well, since you've brought it up, admit it, mon vieux, we French consider you British perverts and that's exactly your opinion of us too, n'est-ce pas?\" said Pierre. \"Well, there may be those who say so, but that's why Ι started out to travel the world, to deliberately change my point of view\". \"Well said\" acknowledged Pierre. \"To more travels, then… and to more perversion!\" Heck raised his once-again full glass. \"Here, here, let's drink to that\" said Pierre. \"No, let's get drunk to that\" replied Hector. They went on. The day waned on. At some point Pierre half-heartedly, it seemed, called the waiter for the bill, but he wholeheartedly paid and tipped him. The two friends rised and tested their capacity to walk, laughing all the time. \"Now, would you mind too much if we missed the cyclists, 'Eck?\" asked Pierre, taking hold of Hector by the shoulder. \"I'll provide you with photos and videos from last year. No-one will know… what am I saying, we're both so drunk, we wouldn't know! But there's an excellent all-night club I'd like to take you to. And you'll get to meet the bicyclists there, they customarily drop by. And other people… of both sexes! Well, what do you say?\" he finished his invitation, intonating it with another pat on the back. Hector returned Pierre's gesture with a powerful pat of his own, more of a bash, Mediterranean style, friendly and sympathizing. \"No problem, Pierre. Missing the cyclists is nothing compared to finding a friend. Which direction is that bar, again?\" From far away a mounting cheer announced the arrival of the first of the cyclists. The cheering wouldn't stop till all of the stragglers would enter the city. The passers-by cocked their ears and smiled. The evening was warm and fragrant. Hector's heart was in his place again. The slash he'd gotten years ago was sure to heal completely. With new friends and new places. With new starts. ","Summary":" Déjà–Vu \"The diving into the fountain usually takes place at around nine o'clock, after the cyclis"},{"Movie":"Imagine Me & You","Title":"Understanding","Author":"MJMcGinty","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8816128","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: While in graduate school, a professor told me that the best source of inspiration is cheap vodka. At the time, I probably agreed. Tonight, I'd say it's beer . . . or rum . . . or maybe cheap vodka. So, if this little piece of fluff sucks, at least I can blame it on bad inspiration. Disclaimer: I don't own any of the characters. I just play with them. She had expected the call. She wasn't sure when it would come, but she knew that she would receive it. Two weeks after their initial meeting, a date had been set. So here she sat in a coffee shop at the intersection of two busy streets, nursing her tea and waiting for her companion to bring up the topic of conversation that had brought them here. They talked of the weather (yes, it did seem the weather had gotten cold rather suddenly) and of flowers (while red roses were lovely, she preferred purple tulips and yellow daisies). Finally, rather timidly, the thought was finally vocalized: \"I just don't understand. My Rachel is still married . . . to a man. How can she be in love with your Luce?\" \"Love can be rather complicated, don't you agree?\" I asked. \"I suppose so, but I don't understand. How can you be so calm? So accepting of this relationship.\" I raised my cup and took a drink of tea, slowly swallowing as I tried to give voice to my thoughts. \"We often say that we only want our children to be happy, yet we make their happiness contingent upon our own. Let me ask you, do you think Rachel is happy? I mean, is she really happy with her life right now?\" I waited a second, then another, before I hear the answer. \"I think so. She seems to be. But I don't understand. How can she be happy with another woman? She wasn't raised to be this way.\" \"What way is that?\" I asked. \"You know.\" She pause. \"To be gay.\" My companion's eyes looked away before meeting my gaze. \"How can you be so supportive? Don't they know what people think?\" I laughed softly. \"Which people? Acquaintances? Fools who would trade their mundane lives for the chance of finding true love, but they are too afraid to stop thinking of who they are supposed to love instead of who they really do?\" \"Perhaps,\" came the strained reply. \"But Rachel would never be this way if it hadn't been for Luce. It's her fault, you know.\" I could hear the anger in her voice. \"Listen to me, Tessa. Luce watched as her father walked out on me, on us, when she was a child. She saw him start a new life with another woman. She watched him start a new family while he pushed his old one aside. She saw my tears; she felt the hurt that enveloped both of us. She became my confidante. I became hers. And she swore to me that she would never be the other woman. She promised that she would never go after someone in a relationship. She may be a romantic, an idealist, an optimist, but she is not someone who would break up an established couple. Call it empathy or call it intransigence, but she has always refused to be the cause of someone else's pain. She lived through what an affair cost our family.\" \"Obviously she didn't' learn. She was the reason that Rachel left Heck.\" I cut her off with a forceful, \"You're wrong!\" Realizing that I had drawn the attention of patrons nearest us, I continued in a quieter voice, \"You don't know how hard she tried to distance herself from Rachel, but she couldn't do it. There was always something drawing her closer. I could sense it every time I spoke with her. I could see it in her eyes, in that bittersweet smile. I watched as she fought with herself—trying to keep her distance from Rachel but being drawn closer to her.\" Tessa scoffed. \"No, listen to me, Tessa. Luce told me what she said at Rachel's wedding while you were present, and she says that Rachel says that Heck told her the same thing the day he left. Luce said that an unstoppable force and an immoveable object can't exist at the same time. For Rachel, Luce is that unstoppable force. You've seen it even if you refuse to admit it. But you know that Rachel loves my daughter. And you know that Luce loves Rachel. I've never seen Lucy more in love, and believe me, there have been quite a few women that she thought she loved.\" She looked into her coffee cup for half a minute before speaking, \"I know. I . . . I just don't understand.\" She looked at me, confusion and hurt on her face. \"That's okay. You will. Just because you don't understand doesn't mean that you can't recognize our daughters' love for each other. It doesn't mean that you don't know what they mean to each other. Knowing something is not the same as understanding it. \" \"But I want to understand.\" I laughed and reached across the table to gently pat her hand. \"Then might I make a suggestion?\" She nodded. \"Stop trying to understand, and start loving your daughter for who she is. Rachel is an intelligent, intuitive, caring woman. You raised her well. So stop focusing on what you think she should be and instead look at who she is.\" \"I don't understand.\" \"You will.\" ","Summary":" A/N: While in graduate school, a professor told me that the best source of inspiration is cheap vod"},{"Movie":"Imagine Me & You","Title":"Norway","Author":"vouvouka","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7768026","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Norway I didn't call sick or anything, because I wasn't sick or anything. I went to work like I do every day. I got out of the lift and headed for my desk. Everybody was staring . I didn't have to meticulously look around and I'm certainly not paranoid. It wasn't in the air, it wasn't something I ate. It was etched on everybody's face. They knew. Well, so be it. If they think it was something I'd been hiding and now I have to come out clean with, well, they're wrong. It's something new. It's something newly-found. The whole situation is as novel to them as it is to me. I'll get accustomed to it in my own sweet time and they'd better follow suit. Meanwhile everybody 's staring. I flash my \"good-morning\" smile to everyone I cross paths with, I check the message-board, my mind is set to \"work\" mode. I don't pretend to act normal, I really do act normal and hope it'll be another normal day at work. I hope. I sit at my desk, turn my laptop on, wait for it to boot. I look around. They aren't staring at me now or at least I believe they don't. They act normal, too. Or at least I believe they don't pretend to. The laptop's on. Good. Some work will take my mind off it all. Now, if I was to let my memory wander back to last night, oh, I wouldn't be able to type one word. I'd caress the keyboard, stroke the back of the mouse, keep my eyes on the monitor unfocused while I'd reminisce one sweet moment of me and Luce together after another… No sleeping on the job, Rach! Right! I start reading articles to be reviewed… \"The Right Honorable Lord Mayor of Cardiff, Dr. Meredydd Hennessy…\" … our first kiss in the midst of the traffic jam… We took it slow and easy… well, under the circumstances. We first held each other's beloved face, then slowly reached for each other's mouth… No day-dreaming on the job, Rachel darling! Sorry! Where was I?... Yes, \"…Dr. Meredydd Hennessy was awarded with the Medal of the City of…\" … we went to my apartment, the rush of the day left behind, but, oh, my, how swiftly we took our clothes off and… No… All right, all right… Where was I? Right, another normal day at work. But is it? Zina comes towards me carrying some documents. She leaves them on my desk. An awkward moment, she does it thirty times a day, but today , it feels different. It's as if all goes slo-mo, it's as if my mind is divided, one part always monitoring the other. The other… So, I'm not one person anymore. Or is it that the old me is gradually fading away, while the other is taking over? Am I paranoid, after all? I'm reaching for the papers, but her finger is still on them. Only yesterday I'd assume she was pointing at a specific passage, but now I think she does it on another purpose. No, it's not paranoia, but my brain has to process so many new things that inevitably it functions over the red line. This pointing finger is something I have to process, too. I raise my eyes, look at her. I was wrong again. There's nothing different in her eyes. Her face is absolutely straight and businesslike. But, two seconds later, a query forms itself on her features. Damn, I caused it. I quickly try to avert my eyes, but she's faster. She has every excuse to ask, now that I led her on. \"So… how was Norway?\" she asks quite casually, smiling gently. It's not really a question, rather a re-hash of that joke she made some days ago, but I turn to face her again. Yes, there's definitely a lot being reflected on my face, but what, I don't know. But, thing is, her smile vanishes little by little, she squints, she then glares at me. \"Sorry I asked\" says annoyedly, turns her back on me and goes off. The whole office is watching. I turn to my monitor, the safest place to look at. My God, what's happening to me. It's crazy. When I have to go to another office, to the ladies', wherever, my eyes are downcast, which is so unlike me. Why, what's happening? Has someone a remote aimed at me, controlling me? I almost rub shoulders with my colleagues and pretend they're not there. I think I also might have failed to respond to someone's calling my name or waving at me. Is this what's gonna be happening? For how long? Forever? And when Beth comes towards me, for the first time today, I feel it. She's my closest friend and her closeness, her nearness even, I'd always cherished. Now, it feels crowded. I'm near the window, there's no escaping her, there's no escaping it . I turn around and face her. With her cold stare she looks the part of an elder sister, or even aunt, admonishing. \"So, that's what that talk was about… You wanted to double your chances… for my sake?\". \"Beth…\" I start saying. \"Friends share\" she smirks, interrupting me. \"Friends tell the truth. Friends feel for their friends\" she ends her short preaching, giving me a cold shoulder. I'm close to desperation, but then I remember this morning, how I woke up, next to Luce, after a night of love, of indescribably sweet loving. How I kissed her eyes open and then her mouth and then all her sweet spots in a row. How she wordlessly embraced me, reassuringly, and how truer I felt after the last tormenting days, their culmination being Heck's departure. And that was only yesterday, yet it seems so far away. I brace up. I've chosen all of this, I was not hurled into it by some gigantic supernatural force, as Hector had argued, so I'm not going to be fatalistic. I'll be positive-minded and optimistic. That 's like me. And now I can cool off. I must cool off, so that my message reaches them directly. No hints, no innuendos, not being afraid to \"get out of the closet\". Damn, what a stupid phrase, why should an open society have closets? Closets, indeed! I've kissed Luce in front of everybody, I've mounted Dad's car shouting at the top of my voice, my, what a stunt, and now I blush at the thought of re-stating my love? I deliberately walk towards the centre of the office. I stand there firmly, I cross my arms, I stare around me. Ten seconds pass. Twenty. Gradually I attract their sight. They pause and look at me, expectingly. Expectantly . I draw my breath. \"Have I told you?\" I shout out with an elan I didn't know I possessed. \"I'm in love. I really am in love. And I love you all, too!\" I only stand for a second more. It was not my intention to cause a stir but I wanted their full attention for a moment, to let them know I'm dead serious. It might not help to put a gag on the gossip or to change their new attitude towards me, but I had to say the words. Silence still reigns. Then my friend Beth, my good friend Beth, starts applauding, a tender look in her eyes, silently apologizing for her former behaviour and words, nodding in assurance. One by one others followed, Zina, Mary, Julian, all of the department. I flash them one fond conciliatory smile and turn on my heel. The clapping sound grows louder, intermingled with cheers. I enter the lift. And now I see it even more clearly. I see the people in the street smiling back at me, but how would they know? No, they wouldn't, they wouldn't know, it's not in the air. It's in me, etched on my face. I can't wait to tell Luce about it. I just can't. But she's bound to already know, isn't she? ","Summary":" Norway I didn't call sick or anything, because I wasn't sick or anything. I went to work like I do "},{"Movie":"Imagine Me & You","Title":"So Uncool!","Author":"vouvouka","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7433407","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So Uncool! It's right what people say: one day we'll be remembering this and we'll have a laugh. It had all been said! By me, by her, by the other one. Only I didn't twig. I was, so to say, so uncool. Grandchildren and great-grandchildren are making a bedlam out of the appartment, my children are shouting even louder to make them be quiet – oxymoron – and inside I hurt at the recent news of Cooper's passing away. \"We're getting old\" he'd said, only sixty-two years ago. He'd said a lot of funny things, that's true, but I was the punster of the department, could easily match him. Yet, significant words slipped me by. I remember them all. I enter Luce's shop. She's not in sight. I call her name. I get no answer. I call again. She comes out from the back-room. Says she'd been stock-taking. Then she asks me: \"What do you want, Heck?\" I didn't twig. Not the normal way to address a customer, even less so a friend of the family. Family, for argument's sake, we never got involved in the baby industry – although Tessa always subsidized us, ha-ha, a good one! And, foolish me, I answered \"to buy some flowers\". No, dammit, instead of beating around the bush and not-so-slyly trying to extract answers to my questions, ludicrously embarrassing myself all the while, I should have answered right away \"I want me and Rachel to be happy\". We'd been living very happily up to that moment, we'd deviated a little and I wanted it to be back to normal, back to \"happy\"-mode again. But I didn't give that answer immediately. I mumbled. I mumbled my indecision, my desperation. My doom. Served me well. And the next one, what was it? \"What does she like?\" . What she likes? Are you pulling my leg? You'd decorated the whole church and the pavilion with lilies, white mostly, you'd brought us a bunch of lilies at that dinner and I'd told you, foolish me, that Rachel would flip. Ha-ha, she did flip, sides I mean, ha-ha, I'd slap my knee if I knew it wouldn't hurt like hell, damned rheumatisms, I'd slap myself for being such a berk, I'd slap you… No, I wouldn't, I believe I've never been a violent man. My only act of disobedience was giving up my plum job. Years later Rachel had told me how brave she thought I was to follow my heart. No, I wasn't brave, brave people fight . Yet, I wouldn't fight with her. Or with you. So, where does that leave us? And, to top it all, I asked, naively, but in true concern, \"How did you find Rachel?\" . I was asking the wrong person. It was the other way around. Rachel found Luce, as sure as Philip found Nathaniel and with as much diligence as Stanley's when looking for Livingstone. But even so, what kind of an answer did I expect? \"I found Rachel, oh, so sweet!\" ? Perhaps, \"I found Rachel by pure chance, one minute she wasn't there and suddenly she turns up at the door of my shop\" ? Or even \"How did I find her? Well, I haven't had the chance to taste her… yet!\" ? Funster me! And as I was leaving, Luce had said as an afterthought \" you should ask her\" . \"Bless you\" was my response, but, bless my soul, ha-ha, how was I to know that all those bits of dialogue were pieces of a puzzle that had to be put in the correct sequence? Consequently, I didn't catch on! A judgement upon me for having accused Rachel of being uncool for having not guessed that Luce was gay. Ha-ha, now I remember another one: \"You see? A woman after my own heart!\" Well, she wasn't exactly after your heart, quite the converse, I'd say. I must own up, I'd supplied the needed – or wasn't it? – argument: a soulmate-for-life-type. And I'd asked her if she'd fancy escorting my wife to the football match… Ha-ha, \"if she'd fancy my wife!\" … Wait, a better one: \"if she'd fancy courting my wife\" , ha-ha-ha, I'm gonna die laughing… Sooner or later, I'm gonna die… laughing, ha-ha-ha… Later I found out, from a third party, that the particular evening that she went out with Luce was where it all took a certain turn. That evening at the guys'-night-out I was happily singing country songs, like \"Stand By Your Man\" and \"You Ain't Woman Enough To Take My Man\". I'd like to dedicate these songs, posthumously, the first one to Rachel, the second one to Luce, exchanging the last word of the title for the other sex. Ha-ha-ha… Ha-ha… Yeah, right… Wait! The phone-call! Luce had said: \"Nothing! My phone just rang and…\" Your phone just rang and you called back, understandable, caller-ID-display is a common feature… Caller- ID , huh? And, prithee, who was the caller? I'd slap my face, but for said rheumatisms. The phone-call, indeed. I was so busy trying to excuse myself for having to do that asshole's, Rob's, bidding, that I didn't immediately realise that Luce's call was, well, unsolicited. But heaven-sent, too. I worked long hours, had to sacrifice lots of my free time, all this was taking its toll on Rachel and suddenly an amiable character steps into the picture and my wife can have some good company. And I was… in good company, ha-ha, thinking that entrusting my wife to the chaperonage of a professed lesbian would be safe. He-he, that's exactly what I'd wished her on hanging up, \"Be safe\" . And what about me? And who was the initial caller, again? In the Top Five certainly belongs \"Are you stalking us?\" . Hell, no, far from that. But it was Rachel that sought Luce out, it was she that'd made that pivotal phone-call, now I see, and it was her that took every pain to not let Luce leave her life. That'd make Rach the stalker. Then again, in reality no-one was stalking no-one. But Fate. Wow, I'll write it in my diary. I would, on the double, but for said rheumatisms… No, no, the best one yet was my response to Luce's disclosure that she was gay. Ha-ha, I remember saying \" Mmm. Lovely. Well done! \". \"Well done? No, thank you, I take it rare. Ha-ha, am I not something, trying to make a joke on my way to the gallows?\". No, shallow humour wasn't going to save the day. Bitter humour, that was Ned's way. He kept joking till the last moment, him and his fucking candles. My world was crumbling down, I finally realised what exactly was going on and he'd go on joking about the candles! Was he doing it on purpose? He'd never really liked me and that was mutual, nor did Tessa like me, I believe, and I think only Henrietta really did. Because I was funny, I wonder? And what about you , my once-but-not-future wife, my soulmate-for-a-finite-number-of-years? It's true, I didn't fight hell to hold you, I moved aside, my supreme act of self-respect, yes, that was brave, I think. And you? You'd admitted you'd gone crazy, but that it'd been over, that you wouldn't leave me, that I was your best friend. You even covered me with the blanket. Yeah, \"you got me covered!\" , as Americans say in irony. And I kept a stiff upper lip, well, two stiff lips, and I was ready to put up with it, to the last moment and then I saw your face reflecting the sudden devastation that went inside you as soon as 'H' told you about Luce's departure. I finally twigged ! Water under the bridge, now. Seriously, I shouldn't be hooked on the past, I'll have to mind my future now, besides, I'm only ninety-two! But the past is hooked on me, how about this? Would I wish I'd suffer from Alzheimer's? No. Memory is only selective when you have the luxury of choices. But now I don't have such a thing. And it's not absolutely right what people say, about remembering the past and having a laugh. They just mean, here, now, at the end of the line, we can be excused or self-purged for cooking up our own interpretations, our own renderings of what had happened. The past is past, is long past. Now, I have children, grandchildren and great-grandchildren. I've lived a full life and now I can rest. But why am I so restless? Because of Coop's death reminding me of my own mortality? Or is there something more? Is there something that's managed to escape me through those long years? Things better forgotten, wounds better left untended? Something totally wrong? What if there is? What, indeed… In due time it'll come to me. Or it may not. And time is all I have now… or have not! Maria enters the by-room and looks at me as if surprised at me playing truant on my birthday. \"Darling, come. The cake's ready set and the candles are dripping wax all over it\" she says. Here we go again! I stand laboriously up, reach for my cane. I smile at her and take her offered hand. \"You're such a nice guy\" she tells me. \" But so uncool!\" I think. I enter the living-room. There must be at least thirty-five people in there. And a lot of shadows. Rachel's eleven years dead, Luce more than fifteen. But I'm not. That's why I still feel this little sting inside, every now and then, mostly when I am before a birthday cake! Ha-ha, that, too, was a good one! Ha-ha… Yeah, right… ","Summary":" So Uncool! It's right what people say: one day we'll be remembering this and we'll have a laugh. It"},{"Movie":"Imagine Me & You","Title":"At The Next Till","Author":"vouvouka","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7311795","Passage":"[Chapter 1] At The Next Till He's here! Oh, my God, he is here. An unknown woman's voice at the till just behind me. A man answers. I freeze. It's Hector. It's Hector, alright. I find myself along with Luce on a Greek island – one of the less-known ones – for a short summer holiday. We're staying at a little studio at the outskirts of the little azure and white village. We run out of groceries. We draw lots. I lose, I get to do the shopping. I enter the small-sized but quite cluttered store. Decide to breakfast Greek-style: tomato, feta cheese, barley rusks, hard-boiled eggs, home-made fig-jam. I'll pass the goat's milk. I get everything, I go to the cash register. I lay all items before an unsmiling dark-haired girl (jeez, she's smoking, do they allow this?). She very leisurely scans them. The prices pop-up electronically on the LED display. More than a bit expensive. Next time we'll try the low-season. Dear God, it's Hector ! I don't have to look back. I can guess, I know every move of his. I've been there before. He's juggling with the packets, joking with the prices or the ingredients of the products. Everything's the same. Only I'm not there. Another one is. She occasionally laughs, they share a joke, like we used to. Way back when. Will he recognise me? Do I hope or do I fear? I haven't really ever been a style freak, no dramatic changes in my choice of clothes or my hair-do's. I'm almost certain to be recognised instantly, even seen from the back. He 'd recognise me, he'd often helped me with combing my hair or putting a necklace on, with my blouse snaps at the back, occasionally with my bra, he'd know. And anyone else would notice, I'm being conspicuous. From the slight tremor that took over me, from my nervousness, fidgeting with the coins in my hand, adjusting my sunglasses. Do I hope? Since when has re-establishing affection been a sin? I loved him, I still feel for him, he loved me, he loved me to the last moment, to his last fond kiss, a kiss of kindness and magnanimity. If I was to turn around, he'd greet me with a \"hey, hi, Rach, weirdest thing, to meet you here of all places!\", he'd laugh, he'd introduce me to his companion. He'd let nothing resurface that would trouble me. \"Cause of happiness\". Do I fear? It's been almost four years. Haven't I finally come to terms with who I am, haven't I re-established and re-defined myself? And would he embarrass me, call me names or look daggers at me? Yes, I have. And, no, he wouldn't. Fine, I turn around. And then what? Amenities? Little white lies? A façade of interest? \"How's your book doing?\", \"Jolly well. Has already been translated into seven languages. And how's 'H' doing?\", \"Growing up fast. Still having questions to ask\". I have questions, but I wouldn't dare ask them. I wonder, does he still take his tea the way he did? Can he find his favorite English beer wherever he travels? Or hot-dogs the way they make them in London? Has he learned to cook? Or does she cook for him? Does he reminisce? Does he still remember me? His comments trail up to my ears. It's not eavesdropping, I know most of what he's going to say before he actually does. That's not strange, we'd been as close as it gets before we got married. That explains my precognition, but doesn't give a clue as to why we went our separate ways. I reflect: these little spontaneous mannerisms were his alone, the way he jingled the change, the way he raced with the shopping-cart through the multistore corridors, fooling in general. He wasn't doing it for my benefit, sometimes I'd tell him off, I wasn't enjoying it all the time. But that was him. That was like him. That doesn't change. And I loved him for what he was. He'd said he couldn't stand me loving him less than someone else. Didn't I love him enough? How much is \"enough\"? Do you count it in flower bouquets and evenings out, in kisses and tears? Or do you count it in the dizziness you get when you \"take the plunge\" or \"cross the street\"? Do you count or do you feel? It'd be a lie to say I've ever counted. But wouldn't it be a bigger lie to say I know what it's like to really feel? I always felt I was happy with what I had and all of a sudden I wanted something I thought I couldn't have. Which is a vicious circle, because, as it turned out, I could have it and I have had it. And all over again: I'm happy with what I now have, I think. Verdict passed: I neither count nor feel. The winds of life blow and I'm carried along. We all are. And occasionally we end up on the same Greek island. A lump blocks my throat. My light tremor is giving way to a visible shivering. The girl's leisurely moves almost infuriate me. Be done with it . According to a clock overhead I'm at the till for thirty-five or forty seconds. They seem like hours, time is molten. Be done with it! Why do I feel that whatever I'd choose to do would hurt me? Ignoring him would hurt, talking idly with him would hurt, too, taking the initiative, oh, I don't think I could pull it through. But the thing that will absolutely kill me is the possibility that he has recognised me, but chose not to speak. Chose to hold his peace forever. To not let the least quaver enter his voice or halt his flow of speech. For love of her. For love of me . And we're on a tiny island. Won't we bump into each other presently? We might. Will I have to go through this again? I don't know. Does that mean that I haven't actually reconciled myself with the new 'me'? I don't know either… Oh, now I understand my little sister. There'll be questions forever. The bill and the change received, I stuff all things in a bag, mindless of the egg-carton overturning, and rush out of the shop, into the fresh insular air, into the street, away from where pain comes. I take the steep-ascending alley towards our studio, towards where pain will diminish. But will never go away, will it? ","Summary":" At The Next Till He's here! Oh, my God, he is here. An unknown woman's voice at the till just behin"},{"Movie":"Imagine Me & You","Title":"The Bench Revisited","Author":"vouvouka","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7413749","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Bench Revisited From a distance, one would think it was a grandmother taking her granddaughter out for a walk. From close-up, the girl still looked eight or nine years old, tomboyish, energetic, while the woman looked no older than forty, although her face was far too lined and her hair completely white. The girl was scampering around, kicking at the fallen leaves, hopscotching, the woman was almost dragging her feet, her gait uncertain. She was holding loosely a red rose by its stem, sometimes smelling it, often holding it before her eyes, looking at it. They were slowly climbing up one little hillock of the park, when the bench came into view. The woman paused. Or rather, froze in her tracks. She stared at the bench. From very close-up, one would be baffled by the rate of change of the emotions that the woman's eyes reflected. One moment they twinkled with joy, the next they'd look listless with ennui, the very next sombre with deathwish. The little girl, oblivious of all this, still hopped around. She'd have to go up there. She didn't come all the way here in order to turn back. She came here because she wanted to be here. She started walking again. The little red-headed girl was humming an indefinite ditty, while the woman kept silent. It was the latter who first reached the bench and touched its back-planks. As if on cue, the girl stopped humming. She looked at the older woman, almost solemnly. The white-haired woman was holding the green-painted though faded wood the way a dowser would when looking for signs of water nearby or as a pilgim would touching a holy relic. She was absolutely still, always holding the rose in her other hand. It looked as if she was exerting hard self-control to not let the silent sobs that rocked her neck come out as cries. The little girl seemed used to this sight. She was just waiting it out, silently. The woman finally came to. She opened her eyes. Turned around to look at the girl and smiled, wanly but encouragingly. Again, as if on cue, the girl broke into speech. \"Mommy, please, don't you cry. You said it yourself, this is a place of love\". Rachel nodded. \"Yes, Luce darling, it is. Me… and Mommy Luce…\". She didn't finish. The painful remembrance took her breath away. \"This is where you and Mommy Luce used to come to rest after work\" little Luce said earnestly, finishing the sentence for her. \"You have this mobile phone photograph of you and Mommy Luce drinking coffee. You both look very beautiful. You once said, that it was one of the happiest moments of your life. That's why I don't want you to cry, because you remember something good\" she said, almost chidingly. Rachel mustered a pained smile and looked her daughter in the eye lovingly. \"You're right, my baby. I shouldn't cry. But you see… she isn't here with me…with you… How I wish she could see you, how you've grown, how you almost look like her…\" \" Uncannily\" she thought. \"Yes, it's a shame Mommy Luce is not with us, Mommy. I too wish I could look at her, not just in the photographs, but… you know…\" she paused, \"…alive\" she uttered the last word with utter care. She knew how often her mum would break out crying at the mention of Luce's absence. This time Rachel only nodded, her eyes, though, glistening with tears. \"But she is watching us, isn't she\". The girl looked upwards into the lightly overcast autumn sky. \"She can see us through the clouds, can't she? Angels can, haven't you said?\" Yes, yes, I've said all this. How else could I find comfort without sensing her all around me? I don't know if it's for real or make-believe, now I always feel her around. But it must be because you are around, my dearest child. \"And since she's an angel, she does come near us from time to time, doesn't she?\" little Luce echoed her mother's thoughts. Yes. In the whisper of the wind, in the rustle of the leaves, in the distant sounds of the city… In the voice of my heart: \"I want you\". \"And when you grow so old that you won't be able to walk, I'll… drive you here, since I'll have a car… or bring you here… in a wheelchair?\" Luce said playfully and Rachel couldn't help but smile. She opened her arms and the child nestled itself among them, feeling more comfortable now and certain that her mother wouldn't cry any more today. Rachel gazed into the distance. I really wouldn't know how I could pull through the rest of my life, if it weren't for you, my little Luce. We'd decided it'd be you we'd adopt, the paperwork was finished, but not so was Fate. Luce thought our home should be flower-laden when you'd first enter it, so she went late in the evening to her shop to bring various flowers for us to decorate. On her way back she was mugged and stabbed to death. She was found a quarter of an hour later, roses and lilies scattered around, soaked in her own blood. But what turned my hair white overnight, was the coroner's verdict that before the rigor mortis set in, she reached for and held one white lily in her hand. When found, her eyes were still open, looking at it, gazing into eternity. That's why I visit here so often. I almost pray for death, I pray that one day my emotion will be so strong that my heart will seize. I'd like to die of love and I always carry with me a red rose, her favorite flower. I want them to find me holding it, holding her. On the other hand, I have to live for you, to live for her . Her face must have turned funereal again, for there was some shock in Luce's voice when she spoke. \"You are not going to die as well, Mommy, are you?\" That's all the motivation I'll ever need… No, my baby, I won't die. But I will be forever divided, one part of me here, with you, the little red-headed angel who bears the dearest name, the other part… well, it will be where she is, forevermore present but nevermore here. I'll live. I'll live with it. Rachel took little Luce's hand and started heading towards home, walking the familiar paths, the ways of love. The autumn air was still. Yet, a moment after the white-haired woman and the red-headed girl left the spot, a little whirlwind formed itself at the foot of the bench. A little swarm of auburn fallen leaves flew upwards knee-high, twirled for a spasm and then settled peacefully upon the damp earth. ","Summary":" The Bench Revisited From a distance, one would think it was a grandmother taking her granddaughter "},{"Movie":"Imagine Me & You","Title":"Bouquet","Author":"YuukiKoala","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8400351","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Titre de la fanfic : Bouquet de fleur Auteur de la fanfic : Yuuki Seijaku Disclaimer : Imagine Me & You n'est pas de moi Genre de la fanfic : Humour Couple : Luce x Rachel Note : Cette fic à a été écris durant une nuit de drabble/ficclet organisé par ma sœur, et le thème était « tournesol ». Luce et Rachel étaient ensembles. Et malgré tout ça, Luce continuait de tenir une petite boutique de fleurs. Et ce jour là, Rachel vint lui demander de l'aide, car en effet, personne à son travail ne voulait croire que la jeune femme était lesbienne et certains collègues prétentieux osaient la draguer. Aussi, sa petite amie eut elle une merveilleuse idée à ce propos : Composer un bouquet pour eux. En écrivant bien évidemment sur une carte ce que ces fleurs voulaient dire. Ainsi, quand elle arriva à son travail avec les bras pleins de tournesols et d'un autre type de fleurs, les hommes furent tous heureux, et un peu moins quand ils apprirent le symbole de chacune. La première signifiant l'orgueil de ses hommes qui se pensaient capable d'avoir Rachel, et l'autre signifiant le rejet de leurs avances. Rachel eut depuis ce jour là, la paix royale à ce niveau là. Fin ","Summary":" Titre de la fanfic : Bouquet de fleur Auteur de la fanfic : Yuuki Seijaku Disclaimer : Imagine Me &"},{"Movie":"Imagine Me & You","Title":"Six Weeks","Author":"MJMcGinty","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8747266","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I do not own any of the characters. I have used pieces of conversations from the film, but Rachel's thoughts are mine. Six weeks. Six weeks have passed since my world turned upside down. Six weeks since the day that should have been the happiest of my life was intruded upon by fate or destiny or whatever you may call it. The candles, the flowers, the attendants, the groom, all were perfect. As I walked with my father by my side toward my soon-to-be husband, I could not help but smile in self-assurance and contentment. Then there was movement to my left. I turned my head and was met with a startled green stare that caused my smile to falter, my pulse to quicken, my footsteps to slow. I looked forward then back to my left, but there was only an empty aisle. Maybe I had imaged her—imagined the angel who caused me to begin to wonder if I was making a mistake. My newfound doubts were only reinforced shortly after the ceremony when my ring slipped from my finger and into the punch bowl. Shit! How in bloody hell can I get the ring back if I can't use the ladle to scoop it out? And then she appeared, confident and sincere. \"Hi, I'm Luce. I did your flowers.\" Luce? Like Lucifer? The angel of light or the angel of turmoil? She could see I was agitated; she offered her help. I realized how serious she was when she laughed, \"Cover me,\" grabbed me by my waist, and positioned me between her and the wedding guests. A glance over my shoulder allowed me to see her slide a sleeve up her arm and reach into the bowl. I giggled. Yes, giggled. What is happening to me? I almost can still feel the warmth of her hands even though they touched me for little more than a second. Why do I react to her touch, to her gaze? I had very little time to process the thoughts scrambling in my head. Someone was approaching and I had to act. I turned slightly, glancing back to see that a very wet and sticky ring was being removed from the punch. My left hand was firmly grasped and gently pulled behind my back while I still stood as a barrier between the guest and the florist. The ring was slipped on my finger, and a smiling Luce appeared at my side. What have I done? Five weeks. Five short weeks since I walked into Flowered Up to say a quick thank you to Luce. I had hardly entered the shop when I was rendered speechless by Luce's captivating green eyes, her beautiful smile. She was helping a customer, a rather flighty chap who was frantically searching for a last chance flower. It seemed he was attempting to make up for some ill-advised dalliance, yet Luce chose a Bird of Paradise and proceeded to tell the love story behind the flower associated with faithfulness. She held my gaze the entire time she spoke. Were her words meant for me? A shiver raced down my spine. \"Would you like to come to dinner?\" I blurted. \"With Heck and me? Next Friday?\" I quickly added. Why had I done that? What was it about her voice, her eyes, her presence that drew me to her? I didn't know, but I had an insatiable need to find out. Four weeks. Four weeks since I invited Luce to dinner in what I told Heck—and myself—was an effort to play matchmaker between her and my husband's best friend, Cooper. Four weeks since I realized exactly what I was trying to escape. The evening had been fantastic until the conversation turned to love. I shared my feelings that love should grow from familiarity and trust and respect. That love did not just happen; it had to be cultivated. But Luce disagreed, \"I think you know immediately. As soon as your eyes . . . then everything that happens from then on just proves that you have been right in that first moment. When you suddenly realize that you were incomplete and now you are whole.\" I felt I had been sucker-punched. What I felt for Heck had taken years to achieve, and yet I had felt complete the moment that I had seen Luce on my wedding day. That could not be love. I can't have spent the past eight years of my life with the wrong person. I have not settled for someone. I love him. I have chosen to spend my life with him. I love him, right? I had lashed out at her because I didn't want to be wrong. I needed to think, to clear my head. Once the dishes had been cleared from the table and I had excused myself to freshen up, I decided that a bit of fresh air was needed. I walked up the stairs and reached to slide open the glass door to the roof-top when I realized that someone else had had the same idea. I stood watching as Luce sat looking across the city, an umbrella propped against a shoulder, and a wistful smile on her face. She was beautiful. Then she looked at me and smiled in a way that made me believe everything would be okay. As she walked across the rain-soaked roof she never looked away from me. I stepped aside to allow her inside, closed the door, then stood shoulder to shoulder with her as we looked out into the rainy night. And I knew that I could not be angry with her, that her words had not meant to cause me any pain. I had to let her know with more than my awkward apology. I saw her shiver and reacted immediately. I removed my cardigan and wrapped it around her shoulders, rubbing her arms in an effort to give back some of the heat that her time outdoors had taken from her—thanking whatever supreme power exists for the opportunity to touch her. Heck called up to us, and I jumped guiltily away from Luce. Why should I feel guilty? The next day was filled with errands, and I couldn't help but gloat to Heck as we did our weekly shopping that my matchmaking plan had worked. Coop and Luce had left the flat together. And now I can see more of her since Coop spends much of his free time with Heck . My husband looked at me with that cat-ate-the-canary grin of his. \"You mean you didn't ping? You're so not cool.\" He practically skipped as he pushed the cart. \"The thing is, Luce is,\" he looked up as he came to the crossing aisle, \"right here!\" Luce was here? With a friend? A quick round of rather awkward introductions, and we were on our way. \"That's what I was trying to tell you,\" Heck stated as we started down the next aisle, cocking his head in the direction that Luce and Edie had disappeared. \"Luce is gay.\" I stopped. \"She's gay.\" Oh my God, she's gay? How could I not have known? Why should it matter? But it did matter. Three weeks. Three weeks since Luce appeared at my side in an unexpected place. I met my parents at my little sister's school because H had invited me to hear her presentation on space. As the three of us entered the hallway and made our way toward H's classroom, I heard that familiar voice that always caused my body to react, \"Hello.\" \"Lucy, darling, what are you doing here?\" my mother queried. \"I helped H with her presentation. She invited me.\" I was confused. Why had H asked Luce to help with her schoolwork? How often did H speak with Luce? I had never thought about Luce being a part of my sister's life. But perhaps I should have. Hadn't my mother told me of how patient Luce had been with H at my wedding, how H had insisted that Luce sit with her during the ceremony, of how H had not let Luce out of her sight until the florist had left the reception? But why had Luce continued to stay in touch with H? Why hadn't Luce told me she was helping H any of those times we had spoken on the phone the past week, when I had stopped by the shop to chat on my way home? And why did I care? I had too much to sort out, and I was too embarrassed to speak with anyone about my thoughts. And I certainly couldn't talk to Luce about the feelings that would not go away, of the thoughts that came unbidden to my mind, of the dreams of her that haunted my dreams. Even sitting beside her as the overhead lights were turned off and H stood at the front of the classroom with only a flashlight illuminating the shiny paper stars overhead, I had found it hard to control my breathing. I could not concentrate on what was being said. And when I reached down to grip the bench on which we sat, I was assaulted by goosebumps when our hands touched. Everyone around us seemed to fade away, and H's voice was replaced by the pounding of my pulse in my ears. I reached up to smooth Luce's hair behind her ear. I looked into eyes that had darkened to the color of a stormy sea, and I leaned forward. I have to know how this feels. I have to know if this will stop the confusion in my head . As our lips were about to touch, the lights came back on, and I realized I had been dreaming again. Four days. Only four days since I almost kissed her. If only the night had not been such a success. If only I hadn't asked for her to teach me how to properly heckle the players on the pitch. If only I hadn't asked her to show me, to wrap her arms around me to illustrate her points. If only I hadn't relaxed into her as she stood behind me, her hands atop where my diaphragm would be, her fingers lightly brushing my breasts. If only I had not looked up into her eyes and held her gaze. Paradoxically, I felt lost and at home. And then the match was over. The evening could not end. I didn't want to go back to my flat. Luce didn't seem to want to back to hers. So we went dancing—in an arcade. And I had never felt as exhilarated, so alive. God, I wanted to know what her lips felt like against mine. I wanted her arms around me once again. I wanted to know if the racing of my heard would be slowed, if the butterflies in my stomach would be stilled, if the throbbing between my legs would stop. I needed to know that this was an infatuation that would dissipate once I had kissed her. Once I had kissed her? Wasn't I happily married? Shouldn't I still be enjoying the bliss of being a newlywed? The headlights of a passing car illuminated us as I was about to have my answer, and they wakened me. I couldn't kiss her. I was a married woman with a wonderful, loyal husband. I couldn't hurt him just to pander to my curiosity. I responded to that awkward silence and the confusion I saw in her eyes by walking away with a muttered goodnight. I had done the right thing, but sleep would be as elusive as that almost kiss. My mind was filled with the words she had tried to keep from me on the walk to my flat, the words I refused to let her keep to herself: \"The lily means 'I dare you to love me.'\" Three days. Three days had passed since the guilt of my thoughts the night before caused me to try to reestablish the spurned intimacy with my husband. Three days since I asked Heck if we could go to dinner. We had a nice meal, pleasant conversation. We had always been able to talk easily with each other, but tonight I felt as if I was being pressured to go on a blind date out of pity for the person I was being set up with for the evening. I saw him glance my way as he drove us back home. I could see the confusion he felt mirrored in his eyes. And I felt guiltier. Maybe, just maybe, spontaneity would help make this date with Heck as the one with Luce had been last night . But, no, an attempt to bring some excitement by having sex in a public park was just that—an attempt. It seemed as if there was some unseen force destined to keep us alienated. There was some force pushing me past the man I had loved and toward the woman I wanted to love. Two days. Two days had gone by since I threw caution to the wind and kissed her. I had gone to the shop to finally put an end to my feelings for Luce. I had to tell her, and myself, that this flirtation with each other could not continue. I couldn't live with the guilt of hurting someone I loved. I heard the words come out of my mouth, \"So whatever it is, or was, it's got to stop, and it's got to stop now. Do you understand? It's over.\" I saw her shoulders slump, her head bow in defeat as I stormed out of the back room and closed the door behind me with finality. I can't leave this way, without knowing. I have to know. No sooner had the thoughts formed than I was back inside the room with Luce, placing my hands on either side of her face, and kissing her. God, it felt so right. Her lips were softer than I expected. I had to get more of her. My hands slid lower, pulled at her vest. There were still too many layers between us. I don't remember how we ended up on the table, but I remember that the only reason we broke the kiss was because she had rolled onto a bed of roses and was forced to pull away because of the pain of the thorns pressed into her lower back and bum. This was right. This was everything I wanted. Then the bell on the front door rang, and a familiar voice filled the storefront. The fear of being caught in the back room with Luce was almost suffocating me. How had Heck known I was here? And Luce was gone to help him. And I heard the heartbreak in his voice as he asked after me, if maybe I had told her something was wrong with the marriage. I couldn't do this to him. I had to get out without being seen by either Heck or Luce. I saw the window and managed to crawl out through it. I didn't stop to think. I just had to run. I was almost to the top of the hill when I finally stopped and turned to see a frantic Luce close behind me. I needed her; I needed to get away from her. I had to save my relationship with Heck. Then she offered an answer: \"Tell me to go. Tell me that's what you want, and I will walk away and you will never see me again.\" I was stunned. \"Is that what you want?\" \"I want you.\" Her voice was strong, but her eyes let me know that her heart was breaking. \"I can't.\" \"I know.\" Then she was walking away, but I couldn't watch her leave. I wasn't strong enough. Twelve hours. Only twelve short hours since I was sitting on my parents' sofa, Heck's departure from our lives a recent memory. Only twelve hours since I was finally honest with myself. \"I am in love with someone else . . . her name is Luce.\" I expected resistance to my words, and my mother did not disappoint me. But Dad, bless him, encouraged me to follow my heart. And I did—with my parents refusing to let me go alone. I burst into the shop, expecting to find Luce, expecting her smile. Instead I encountered a woman about my mother's age standing behind the counter. Where was she? I needed to see Luce. I needed Luce! Back in the car with a new spectator to my frantic chase joining my parents, and all I could think to do was drive until I caught up to Luce. An ill-advised turn onto a congested street stopped our progress, so I did the only thing I could think to do. I opened my cell phone and dialed the familiar number. Her voice was distant, somber, defeated. \"You can't do this. It's over,\" was spoken over an out-of-tune melody of \"Imagine me and you and you and me.\" Then there was only silence. As my newly formed dreams were crumbling, a cyclist weaved through traffic and passed my window singing, \"I can't see me loving nobody but you for all my life.\" I shook my head and slowly smiled. \"I've heard that song before.\" I must have been a sight to the other traffic-jammed motorists-and I'm sure my mother was mortified-when I climbed to the top of the car. I placed my hands on my stomach, my mind imagining Luce's arms wrapped around me, imagining my mouth was a cathedral that had to be filled with, \"You're a wanker, Number 9!\" Please let her hear me . A door slowly opened, and I knew before I saw her, I knew before I climbed from the car, I knew before we ran into each other's arms and shared a kiss full of promise that I loved her unconditionally. Now, lying here with her head on my shoulder, her arm around my waist, a leg thrown haphazardly over mine, I feel complete. Ten minutes. Ten minutes have passed since I curled up next to Luce's body. Ten minutes since I placed my head on her chest, my arm draped across her waist, my bare legs tangled with hers. And in those ten minutes I've relived the totality of our relationship from the nascent pangs of my desire through the realization of my live for her. I almost feel like I am dreaming. But I can't be. I can hear the beating of her heart, taste the salt from her skin that still lingers on my tongue, smell the muskiness of our lovemaking. I can feel her voice on my cheek as the sound hums through her chest before it escapes from kiss-swollen lips, \"What are you thinking?\" I smile in the semidarkness of Luce's bedroom, and my finger's glide along the new tattoo on her ribcage—a single lily whose stem is encircled by jasmine and forget-me-nots. \"Of you, of me, of us.\" \"That's a lot of thinking,\" she teases sleepily then kisses the top of my head as she lazily trails her fingers down my back. \"Yes, it is,\" I agree. And it all began with a glance six weeks ago. Six short weeks ago. ","Summary":" A/N: I do not own any of the characters. I have used pieces of conversations from the film, but Rac"},{"Movie":"Imagine Me & You","Title":"Pretty Little Corner Space","Author":"vouvouka","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7394821","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Pretty Little Corner Space Mr. Cornell entered his house. He'd been out, shopping. \"Mabel, darling, I'm home\" he called out. \"Mmm, autumn has certainly set in, quite cool this morning, it is\" he said almost to himself. He stooped, groaning a little, and lay the planting-tray he'd been carrying on the floor, beside the doorstep. He took his gloves and hat off and placed them carefully on the kitchen table. Having done that he almost retracted. As a rule, leaving things on the table or anywhere out of place was forbidden. But, given the recent situation, he resolved that Mabel wouldn't object. He left them lying there. He went towards the living-room. \"Today I'm starting our herb-garden\" he announced laying his scarf on the sofa-back, quite casually this time. \"Well, actually, my herb-garden, I'll take it upon me. You don't have to worry about anything. And if I occasionally get muddy boots, I'll clean up, I promise.\" He picked up the tray again and examined it more carefully. At the shop he hadn't had the time to do so. There were twelve little plants in total, all varied. \"See what I brought? No, of course you don't, I mean, I brought some nice herbs, courtesy of that red-headed florist, two blocks down, at the corner. I believe she's called Lucy or Lucia, if I'd heard aright. A lovely name… it's Roman, you know …\" He crossed the living-room, went through the hall and paused before the back-door. Tray in hand, he raised his eyes as if reminiscing something long-past. \"And, lucky me, I didn't have to wait at all\" he continued his narration. \"There was another customer inside, a brown-haired young lady. I almost bumped into her. But, apparently, she didn't mind. Moreover, she was kind enough to offer me her turn. Oh, it's heart-warming. Polite people, even complete strangers, renew one's confidence that there is some good in this world, they do\" Mr. Cornell said nodding cheerfully, as he opened the back door. He went out, into his back-yard garden, up to the tool-shed. There he sat at a stool and exchanged his walking-shoes for rubbers, groaning now and then. \"Ah, we got old, Mabelene. Remember that Beatles' song, 'When I'm Sixty-Four'? I'm long past sixty-four now, he-he… And poor John Lennon, he didn't even make it to his forties. Murdered, he was. And what for? Did he do anything wrong? Did he do anyone wrong? No. Yet, he was murdered. One should take heed…\" He picked up a basket hanging from a peg, various gardening tools inside it. The seedlings-tray in his arms and the basket held with his right hand, he reached the corner space where the herb-garden was to be. \"Oh, Mabel, she's such a nice person, this flower-girl\" he rambled on. \"The chrysanthemums I brought to you last Christmas, well, they were from her, too. Do you remember how beautifully they were arranged? I wonder, did she recognise me? She could have, although I'm not such a regular customer, but shop-proprietors, they have a keen eye, don't they, they depend on returning customers, don't they? Anyways, she did give me these herbs free of charge. Isn't it fantastic? So generous of her. I only wonder if she heard me telling her they'd be planted here, on the north side. A bit windy here, sometimes it freezes, too. I could devise a little wind-shield, made of plastic, so they won't freeze\". At that he squinted to make out the names on the tags. \"To tell you the truth, I don't recognise all names, especially the scientific ones, here, in fine print. But they're bound to make tea, wouldn't you think?\" Mr. Cornell put his garden-gloves on and knelt near the flowerbed. He took the first little plant out of its pot. Looked at the tag attached to its stem. He carefully mouthed the Latin name: 'Echinacea'. \"What do you know, I knew I'd recognised this one. It's a coneflower, good for the immune system, they say. In our age, one has to take some measures, wouldn't you agree? I believe it requires humid spots…\" Her three-day-old corpse was more than half-buried inside the bed. Only the face, the breasts and the toes were protruding. \" The toes, well, I can shear them off\" he mused \"the breasts, I'll save for… say, decoration and the eyes… aha!\" He reached nearby, took hold of the dibble and poked it into Mabel's dead eye. White fluid popped out eggwhite-like and oozed on the bit of exposed cheek, before it was absorbed by dirt. He took the tool out again, inserted the little plant securely inside the burst eye-ball and patted a handful of dirt around it, completely covering the now-grey flesh. \"Shame we won't be sharing, Mabey\" he said raising his eyebrows, as if shaking off any responsibility. \"Those girls I've been telling you about, the florist and the brunette customer, they have such nice manners\". He smiled. \"Now, if you had been a little kinder as well, we wouldn't have had to end up like this, would we?\" he said affectionately. He reached for the dibble again. P.S.: Genre-tagging: crime/horror. ","Summary":" Pretty Little Corner Space Mr. Cornell entered his house. He'd been out, shopping. \"Mabel, darling"},{"Movie":"Imagine Me & You","Title":"Space","Author":"vouvouka","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7376138","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Space The blessed half-darkness when the blinds went down Little twinkles, dappled light, tinsel stars all around The presence of you, much too near, far too much The electric feeling when our fingertips touch Don't know what's come over me, almost sad, I could cry As my throat feels so sore and my lips become dry My breath's just shallow pants and my heartbeats race… \" And that's everything you need to know about space!\" ... If it wasn't for the others, I'd watch no-one but you How the vagaries of light bring your features to view Mesmerized by your eyelids' hypnotic allure I am drawn to your body in relinquishment pure I could wish time would stop, just to savour your stare And to run all my fingers through your strands of red hair I would trace all the contours of your alabaster face… \" And that's everything you need to know about space!\" ... Though I resolved I would bear with your wound to the end I betrayed my vows, ditched my man, my best friend Days on end I would suffer from us two being apart Desperation was withering the lily in my heart But my love for you erupted and it brought me that far Made me holler your name from the roof of a car Fate was ready to send us on our separate ways But we're now reunited, we occupy the same space ... And that's everything I need to know ","Summary":" Space The blessed half-darkness when the blinds went down Little twinkles, dappled light, tinsel st"},{"Movie":"Imagine Me & You","Title":"Going Well For You, Guys?","Author":"vouvouka","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7472385","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Going Well For You, Guys? I feel bitter. The beer tastes bitter. Right, that's not strange, it is a pint of bitter, after all. But I'm bitter, I smile bitterly and, worse of all, I feel l've turned into an embittered man. I was ditched. Sold down the river. Taken for a ride. And all of them simultaneously. I sip at my bitter bitter. It's my favourite bar and my favourite stool. I used to come here often. Mostly with Cooper, six or seven times Rob thought he'd treat me to a \"winner's drink\" after some bodacious stunt of pecuniary prestidigitation we'd perpetrate and some dozen times throughout the years with Rachel. I used to come here often. Nowadays, I come here very often. I come here every day. I'm about to become a heavy drinker. A designated drinker. I'm not the \"I-drink-in-order-to-forget\" guy. I just have plenty of time on my hands. My work used to occupy most of my waking hours. Now I've given it up. I must admit, I have got a pretty sum of money stashed at the bank. Other people's money. I sold them dreams. Some came true, some didn't. They knew the cost and the risk, so they wouldn't blame me, whatever the outcome. I made quite some money, the ones above me made much more, the ones above the ones above me made shitloads of it. I've given up my high-paid disgusting job. And now I'm biding my time, or rather waiting to summon up courage enough for my next move. It's been building itself inside me for, oh, so many years, it's absolutely ripe. I'll travel a bit and I'll finish my once-begun book. When – back then – I set myself into giving it birth, I'd thought I could finish it without much traveling. But then Rachel came my way and I had to work and to deal with life in general. And gradually Rachel became my way, work was ever demanding, life more complicated. Now it's simpler, I think. Rachel went her way and I decided I won't work for those arses anymore. When my money runs out, I'll just be a full-time writer. If I make it, well, I'll carry on. If not, I'll welcome poverty. Till then, I'll be drinking. I really used to enjoy my time here. Usually, it was during the much-needed lunch break, Cooper and other guys would gather for a drink and a snack, a sports review or we'd just chew the rag or shoot the bull. We'd all cherish these moments. And sometimes I'd come here with Rach for a nightcap or for shelter till the occasional sudden rain would mar our walk home. I cherished those moments. Now, it's all much more commonplace. But till I'm ready to take the plunge… hey, that phrase I'd recently read in an article has a nice ring to it, describes my situation exactly… it, in fact, describes Rachel's escapade, too… well, till then, I'll be drinking. I didn't notice the man at the other end of the bar, but when I did I was pretty sure I knew him. My mind was a little groggy and I was seeing him as through a haze. Well, he could be anyone, a neighbour, the kind you often meet but never get to greet, a delivery person at the office, a stall-attendant downtown. Whatever, this bloke had an angular, boney, masculine face… as if not all men do. Well, even me, if you caught me on a bad day you'd say \"you're not the man you used to be\". All sorted, then! I kept looking at him idly and, as chance would have it, he returned my look briefly. Looked straight again, then seconds later he looked at me more carefully, more purposefully. \"Oh, no, thank you, the gay community had its go at slapping me at my face, no, thank you, not my cup of tea\" I think I thought. Then the man stood up from his stool and came unmistakably towards me, a gentle smile on his lips. \"Here we go, now, how do I get rid of him without making a scene?...\" \"You're Heck, right?\" he says in a cultivated baritone voice. \"We have met… briefly, if you remember the occasion\". Now, I have to try really hard to adapt to this, and fast, at that. His manner isn't the pick-up type, his face looks now very sincere and honest, plus he has the advantage over me. I really can't just send him off. I take a deep breath and try to be my old self again, figuring that that would be the \"Heck\" he'd met. I return his smile. \"I, too, thought I knew you, but at the moment I'm a bit…\". I look at my glass. \"…distracted\" I finish lamely, hoping he'll understand. He must have. He makes a gesture as if indicating the three or four empty glasses he left where he sat. His smile, too, is pained. He nods. \"So am I, I guess. I don't usually drink, but these days… I feel like it\". There's something there. I look at him earnestly. \"So, where is it you say we've met? You said 'briefly'…\" His smile is more cheerful now. \"You were with your wife, Rachel. We met in the woods\". I almost slapped my brow. I remember with a blow. One of the gay guys we thought were peeping on us, no more than two months back. In the woods, indeed. A small world. But the memory brought back quite a load along. No, I don't think I'd have anything to hold against this man, least of all his reminding me that I lost my love to a gay woman, but I think it was since that night that things between Rach and me went downhill. At any rate, I'd be civil. \"In the woods, is right. You're Michael, aren't you? As was your… companion, Michael too, right?\" And then the pain reappears on his face. I'm not that drunk as not to notice that I hit a nerve there, but now I'm not indifferent anymore. In all kindness, if not mere politeness, I think I should ask. \"So… it's going well for you guys?\". Michael looks down. Oh, boy, I'm not sorry I asked, I'm sorry for having guessed, but it happens all the time, doesn't it? It does, I remind myself. Michael raises his eyes again and looks at me directly. \"We're not together anymore. It didn't work out\". He looks down again. I don't want to pity the man. I don't want to savage him and I don't want to conduct a here's-a-shoulder-to-cry-on, half-drunken, miserable consolation jeremiad. So, what do I do? What would I expect of a friend in such a case? Cooper had made that speech for me, he talked at Luce sternly, perhaps he was instrumental in her deciding to get off the picture, but Destiny found a shortcut back. Since then, I met Coop two or three times, we drank a few glasses. He didn't offer me a shoulder to cry on, but always seemed concerned. I could guess why. He'd occasionally been a 'back-door man', but – call it 'professional ethics' – he never caused anyone pain. So he said and I believe he meant it, albeit metaphorically! In my case, he felt the injustice and made a stand, but hearts have their own ways. Yes, that's exactly what I'll tell Michael in true sympathy. \"I'm really very, very sorry\" is what comes out of my mouth and I pause. Slip of the tongue? No. My feelings exactly, I'm sorry I left Rachel, and she me, I'm sorry for all Michaels of the world leaving their other half, their other Michaels. I really am. \"But hearts have their own ways\" I utter with relief that I managed to. \"In time… it'll be alright\" I say with all the certainty I could command. He smiles again gently. \"And how is your lovely, wife, Rachel?\" he asks quickly, as if having forgotten his manners. Now, I didn't avert my look. I keep looking him in the eye, my silence answering for my answer, giving him time to guess. Which he presently does. \"You don't mean…\" he lets it hang. \"It's universal\" I announce philosophically. \"Hearts have their own ways\". He nods repeatedly at this, but is not fully convinced. \"But you looked so happy together\" he insists. Bitterness, all over again. \"That's exactly what I'd been thinking till that moment. But something had been going on, something of which I knew nothing, something over which I had no control.\" His eyes keep boring into mine. Not out of indiscretion, I'm now certain, but perhaps he wants to diagnose through my story the causes of his separation. \"But you were married\" he insists, as if he can't bring himself to believing that a marriage could end. Is he, then, such a faithful kind of person? \"Should a marriage end because of a difficulty? Doesn't marriage entail overcoming even the hardest obstacles?\" I'm impressed! This guy must be very philosophical, very pure… or very naïve! Either way, his frankness calls for an equally frank response. \"You'd said it yourself, Michael, that marriage seemed like a nice thing. It is, I assure you. Although, in my case, me and Rachel had been more 'together' than married, more time, at it\". My head is getting clearer with each phrase pronounced. But a suppressed emotion seeps through, starts getting over me, so it's either talk this through or break down and cry. \"There are bound to be difficulties in any kind of relationship, but… this… losing my wife to a lesbian girl… Almost inconceivable to me…\" I say this in a heart-felt way, but almost casually. The effect, however, on him is quite dramatic. His big eyes now look sadder than before. He must be very compassionate or… Oh, no. It is this issue, then. And I realise I've blundered. At least I've caused him undeserved shame. \"I'm very sorry\" is his turn to say. His eyes are downcast, scanning the floor. He shrugs in helplessness. And more. It must have cut him to the heart, the way the word 'lesbian' exited my mouth, but now this can't be taken back. \"I'm sorry\" he says again and I think he is really disturbed. He looks at me timidly. \"You must hate me… hate all of… us\". Because I now am fully convinced of the kind soul this guy has, I have to act quick. I grab his arm. \"No, Michael, for God's sake, it has nothing to do with you or anyone being gay. And, sincerely, I don't regard my ex-… my Rachel as a gay person. She just met someone who… awoke inside her something new, something… powerful enough to act crazy… or act totally-in-love, if you will\". I pause, I reflect, I know. I face him again. \"I love her. I still love her. I'll always love her. And if you ask yourself, you'll get the same answer. People come and go. Love remains. Inside\". He's close to tears and so am I. I reach for my bitter, but he has none. With his free hand he pats my shoulder. \"Thank you, Heck. You're a nice guy, a good chap. Well\" he turns to leave \"I guess we'll be seeing each other here at the bar\". \"We will, Michael\" I promise him \"we will\". \"First one with a new partner wins\" he says jokingly, cheerful again. \"First one with a partner buys all drinks\" I return. My head is completely clear by now. I review our talk and feel like I've known him for years. But, then again, that night I'd admitted I sometimes felt as if I'd met Rachel only hours before, as if I'd known her, as if I knew her, only a little. Little did I know… I shake my head. I raise my hand. I order one more bitter. ","Summary":" Going Well For You, Guys? I feel bitter. The beer tastes bitter. Right, that's not strange, it is a"},{"Movie":"Imagine Me & You","Title":"Golly!","Author":"vouvouka","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7355586","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Golly! Ella had been through this before. Once in a while Luce would fall in love. More often than not, it'd be with the wrong person. \"Wrong\" meaning already taken, meaning hetero, meaning wrong. And then she'd spend some evenings crying, Kleenexes all around the sofa, then good Edie would come over, sleep over, take her out, help her out. Sometimes she'd take a short holiday. And then back where we started. Between those bouts, Ella would have to keep shop. Not that she minded. She'd inherited \"Flowered-Up\" from her mother – it had then another name, more romantic – worked there almost thirty-eight years, not counting the ones as a child and a teen when she just helped, and then, having taught Luce the job, she handed it over. In fact, she'd taught her more than that, she told her the secret meanings and messages flowers carried, how to cater for all people's tastes and, mainly, how to do all this all alone. Ella would know, her husband had left her long ago. Flowers can't mend a broken heart, but, thank God, it does itself! It wasn't, then, much of a surprise that Luce called her mother quite early in the morning. The evening before Ella had dinner with a handsome man, a widower, not your \"recently-lost-my-wife-and-am-looking-for-some-consolation\" guy, not a loser , but a lively, witty man, who'd made that evening special. Only the evening, mind you. Ella smiled. It might take some waiting before he'd also brighten her nights! Last evening was a good omen, but when she heard her daughter's broken voice on the phone, saying she'd like to visit Aunt Brenda, she knew. A sobby voice accompanied by wet sniffing, the fact that Brenda lives in Scotland, yesterday afternoon's tearful confession and ambiguous answers, it all added up: the wrong person. What about the counterweight, love being all that matters? She knows the drill: a taxi to get to the shop, which would next take Luce to King's Cross, the ticket already telephonically booked. A call to her sister to expect Luce late in the evening. Last but not least: her bravest smile, a mother's smile, the smile of one who's suffered alike. Ella goes to the phone and rings the radio-taxi company. The operator – a young man – tells her she'll be picked up in four minutes. \"I'm not that easy!\" she is tempted to answer but, perhaps, the joke will be lost on him. She goes down and stands at the kerb waiting. The taxi does arrive in four minutes. The cabbie stops and grumbles something resembling a \"hi, there!\". He is a rotund, gruff fellow. A name-tag pinned askew on his driver-vest identifies him as Trevor. Has a strange habit of talking to himself. This is what Ella thinks, before she sees the blue-tooth headset mounted on his left ear. The blue LED is constantly blinking, he talks incessantly, albeit in few-syllabled installments. Ella gets inside and sits. She had to open the door herself since Trevor didn't deign to get off and open it for her. He seems entirely given to his phone-call. Bits of his conversation spring to Ella's ears. Between his expletives he raises his eyebrows meaningfully, he kneads his lips together lasciviously, he almost licks them. \"Sweet shit, is he on a sex-chat line?\". She knits her eyebrows in a frown, looking demurely out of the window, hoping her mute criticism will reach him via the rear-view mirror. But Trev doesn't seem to give a whit. \"Wankers! All of them!\" Ella thunders inside. \"Lard tunderin' Jaysus\" Brenda's Canadian husband, Donald, would say. During the three-minute ride Ella is in position to know that Trevor's collocutor wears a flame-red lacey thong, black garters and not much more. She (or could it have been he ?) had earlier, apparently on Trev's request, removed her (or his…) bra. Ella's still fuming. \"Really!\" she thinks \"does phone-sex substitute the need for real touch? And what when he gets worked up, gonna set his mobile on \"vibration\" and then shove it up his…\" \"'Ere we are, ma'am!\" Trevor booms gutturally. Ella keeps on looking out for a few more seconds, wanting her non-verbal criticism to sink in. Finally she turns to him, looks at him through the mirror. \"Stay put, you'll be driving my daughter to King's Cross station. She has some luggage\" she says curtly and gets out. Luce is standing inside the shop, her stuff lying nearby. Her cheeks are flushed. She's been crying. Back where we started… Words are superfluous. She goes up to her and hugs her fondly. Not because of their broken loves, but because Luce is the one person in the whole world whom she cares for. \"I won't close my eyes until I see her happy\" she thinks and she smiles at her daughter: her bravest smile, a mother's smile. She improvises words of comfort, \" you take care, I'm going to enjoy myself\" she tells her cheerfully. They've been through this before. And, frankly, Luce had been at it before. One couldn't argue, but Ella goes into the offensive, mother's right. \"You did nothing wrong\" he calls after her, her hands almost clasped as in prayer, forefingers joined, a token of solidarity. Luce's reflection is short, the resolution already made, the pain already receding. \" Thank you, mum dearest, thank you very much for being there for me, for loving me no matter what, but… \" \"I did\" she admits. A girlish pout, a stiffing of the lip, a bitter smile. \"Truth is, I'd do it again\". Turns away so that tears won't flow, puts on a carefree gait, enters the taxi hopping. Ella watches, her heart in her eyes. Trev has put Luce's gear in, puts the car in gear and they leave, his mouth constantly moving, the blue LED constantly blinking. \"Wanker!\" thinks Ella. Now, to business! On the counter there are a couple of orders, easy ones. Ella's still nimble fingers start performing. She smiles to herself bitterly. \"Work-therapy, is right. I almost forgot, I'll have to concoct an excuse for Luce's absence. Lots of odd eggs around!\" Seven minutes later Evelyn, a piano-teacher living on the opposite block, enters the shop with a cordial \"Hello, Mrs Parker, how are you?\" \"Hello, Eve, very well, thank you. How about you?\" answers Ella, all businesslike. \"All's well, thank you. Luce here?\" \"No… but how may I help you?\" Ella counters. \"Well, send two dozen red-roses to the music school by two o'clock. Redecoration day, you see\". \"Will do, dear. Anything else?\". \"That's all. Give Luce my love\" says the teacher with a fond smile and leaves. \"All of it, dearest\" says Ella a bit peevishly. \" Damn, it must be this damned taxi-driver, that set my teeth on edge. Oh, yesterday evening, mmh…\" A bit of day-dreaming, a short respite. And then, who'd appear at the threshold? None other but Mrs Edwards. Of course, she buys here, but, my, what an ability this woman has to smell trouble and to come to gloat! \"A very pleasant morning, Mrs Parker\" says Mrs Edwards in her best Queen's English. \"How are you today?\" \" One of these days I'm going to tell you exactly how I feel… towards you! \" Ella thinks, but has no alternative than to go through the motions. \"Very well, Mrs Edwards, thank you. And you?\". Queen's English. \"I'm fine, thank you. Now, the weather has been a bit unstable during the last fortnight, wouldn't you say? One wouldn't know what to wear or if one should carry one's umbrella\" she expands. \"Quite right, Mrs Edwards, one wouldn't\" Ella apes her. \"What could I do for you?\" \"You know, I'm going to a visit, to Mrs Kenworth, the wood-importer's wife. She's been abroad and has just returned. She thought we would have a chat and a tea. Would you be so kind as to arrange a composition? Red carnations and white gerberas, I'd think\". \"A connoisseur's choice\" Ella exclaims, lying, fearing she'd sound unnatural, but unrelenting. \"And a bit of fern for foliage, would that be to your liking?\" \"Yes, thank you\" Mrs Edwards grins. \" My, did I manage to un-purse her lips?\" Ella wonders and gets to work. Mrs Edwards looks a bit around, taking in most of the little shop's merchandise in a few seconds. Looks pleased… or she's gloating! \"And\" Ella predicts \" next thing she's going to say is… \". \"And how is your… daughter?\" asks Mrs Edwards, masterfully inserting the briefest pause before the last word in order to speak volumes. Ella doesn't even flinch, her fingers equally masterfully working the shears, clipping the flower-stems' excess length. Now, I'd gladly clip your nosey nose, but it's only going to grow back again. \"Oh, she's fine, thank you for asking. She's been working a lot lately and she thought she would take a… short vacation in Scotland, that's where my sister lives… as you probably know\". The first pause is the result of a sudden pang she feels. (\" It mends again \"). The second is just retaliation. Mrs Edwards is bound to know everything that goes on in the neighbourhood. She might also have correspondents scattered all over London, for all Ella knows. \"Oh, yes, I can recall now, Inverness, or thereabouts, isn't it?\" drawls Mrs Edwards. Damn, she's a regular , thinks Ella, or else I'd punch her . Ella displays the gerberas-carnations mix to her customer for her approval, before she ties them up. \"Would this do, Mrs Edwards?\" she asks in a most professional tone. \"Oh, they're wonderful, absolutely delightful. Mrs Kenworth is just going to adore them. Thank you, Mrs Parker, how much do I owe you?\" she asks. She then slowly opens her purse, removes her glove and takes out a credit card. She holds it delicately between two fingers. Ella's attention is focused on finishing the flower-bunch but does watch with the corner of her eye. Body language! Oh, what an arsenal this woman has! Innuendos, meaningful glances, half-whispers, gestures. Every detail of her posture speaks her disapproval. \"I won't take her challenge\", thinks Ella. \"If she has… opinions, well, let her voice them, I won't be shaken or goaded into base conduct\". Starts making a mental calculation. Six carnations plus… Suddenly the door bangs open, the door-chime tinkling urgency. Thank God, another customer, I couldn't stand her any longer … \"Where's Luce? Is she here?\" blurts the newcomer, a young brunette with wavy hair. \" Golly, \" thinks Mrs Edwards \" what manners! Some people! \" Ella's reprieve is very short-lived. Indeed! Customers enter , this was more of an onslaught! She'd give this insolent young lady a piece of her mind. And in the bargain, she'd show Mrs Edwards she too could be as prim as they get. She ties the ribbon hard and noisily enough to make her point. \"Would you like to try that entrance again?\" she says, perfectly achieving the intended intonation. Oh, Mrs Edwards, I'm good too. I can match you whim for whim, pit my tartness against yours, any day of the week. Or rather, in retrospect, fuck you, Mrs Edwards, I'm not ashamed that my daughter has not your sexual orientation, or mine for that matter. She's a lovely girl, hard-working, always trying to please and to help. Have you seen her cry over a lost love? No, you haven't. Have you seen her gone to pieces after an affair that didn't work out? Have you looked into her soul or do you only try to carefully step around her being homosexual? Well, she is \"so\", been \"so\" since her teens, been this way forever, hasn't changed, won't change, won't change for your or anyone else's sake. She's a wonderful human being, she's my daughter, I stand by her, fuck you, Mrs Edwards. \"Hello. Please, I'm looking for Luce\" rephrases the stranger, all polite and proper. Ella now stares. Suddenly she knows. It can be nothing else, this driving force, this aura. It's written all over the brown-haired woman's face. It's called \"love\". She remembers yesterday. Nods. \"You're her \" she states. \"You're the girl\". The woman acknowledges. Oh, it would be much easier without the presence of Mrs Edwards, but the words must be spoken. \"You have a husband\" Ella tells her, her shoulders slumping the tiniest bit, almost admonishing her to resignation. I too had a husband once, for all the good it's done me. Edwards makes a face. A long one, a shocked, or else appalled one. Damnation, she must be having a ball . \"I left him\" the other answers. \"He left me\" she corrects. \"It's over\" she concludes. For the briefest moment does Ella mourn the broken romance. He'll find his way, they all do, we all do. But the driving force that hurled this girl here is bound to lead her further, no doubt. She feels relieved, elated. She has the words ready. \"So, you're free? And you… love my daughter?\" No, Mrs Edwards, this pause wasn't for your benefit. Do you know, can you imagine how many people pronounce the word \"love\" in vain? How many millions of times has this word been uttered in every language of the world and, respectively, how many times has it been proved a lie? You're human, too, I don't doubt that you do have feelings, but if you could get off your high horse, only then could you see, love is for the common people, understand? \"Golly!\" is all Mrs Edwards has to say. That, and to rearrange her jowls disapprovingly, almost leering at the younger woman, her scarlet woollen hat suddenly looking like a inquisitioner's zucchetto on her proud head. That's it! Sorry, Mrs Edwards, I can't attend to you any longer. I've got a much more pressing business. My daughter's heart can be mended, her true love is here, desperately looking for her, and you'll have me standing here tying up your bunch? One you'll probably present to another self-righteous prude like you, while discussing, gossiping , that is, \"the aspects of a cataclysmically degenerating society\", as you're sipping through your permanently pursed and long-since, I'll wager, unkissed lips on your cuppa? You can have your bunch, it's on the house, you can have all flowers available at the shop, also on the house, in fact you can… never mind! Ella unfastens her waist purse and her apron, her fingers working very quickly, no time to waste. Looks for a safe place to leave them, but her eyes meet with Mrs Edwards'. A flash of frolicsome inspiration! She pushes both objects firmly into the other's arms. \"Um… have you ever sold flowers before?\" she asks of her rhetorically, before following the girl who's already been dashing out of the shop and without sparing another look at her flabbergasted customer. Choke on this, thinks Ella. I don't know where this all will lead, but I think I trust this girl. I think it was her entrance, her distraught look, her worried brow. I believe she really loves Luce and I believe this time Luce will be happy and you can choke on this, Mrs Edwards. Or wash it down with a cuppa! ","Summary":" Golly! Ella had been through this before. Once in a while Luce would fall in love. More often than "},{"Movie":"Imagine Me & You","Title":"No 9","Author":"vouvouka","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7340075","Passage":"[Chapter 1] No. 9 You're here. I saw you, I spotted you. You're exactly at the same spot as the week before the last. Northside terracing, same gate, same step. Yeah, you're here, you're both here, that brunette with the shrill voice, she a regular one, and you. I've been expecting you. I've been waiting for you. OK, for the best part of the last month I was suffering from an light injury I got at the away match against Cloverfield. Coach was kind enough to give me a chance, he knows I don't like riding the pine, knows I can deliver. That evening I just wasn't match for that short Latino guy, Orlando, he was faster. He stole all passes aimed at me. Not good, I know. But I still was in a position to be in for the assist or for a well-placed cross. At some point – seventy-second minute – I broke away from all defenders. I knew Orlando would slide-tackle me as soon as he was behind me, so I took my chance and shot directly. Not half-bad, missed the near-post by inches. I took heart. Given the chance, I'd try it again and I'd cut it finer. I started towards our half. And then it happened: out of the blue, among murmurs rather than shouts, the whole stadium resonated as you hollered \"you're a wanker, Number Nine\". I turned around, numbly. Saw you gesticulating mildly, as if explaining, the spectators around laughing, the brunette gawking at you. Shrugged you off, went on. But the damage was done. The rest of that match was a nightmare. Not only the guest but also the home fans took it up: a rhythmical \"wanker-wanker\" was to be heard whenever I was attacking. I think I even saw the linesman stifle a smile. Arse! Then, at the away match, it seems the news had spread. The same bloody thing. And, despite my injury, I swear I did play decently. No dice, they'd be at it. I wanted to kick and I don't mean the ball! You caused it. I had to get you . And here you are. But so are they. An uproarious \"wanker-wanker\" accompanies my every attack. I know, it's mostly for laughs, but it does get on my nerves. I try to concentrate. We need the win and the points. I need my break. Coach is a stickler for psychology and morale. Though not my fault, he won't let it be, he'll substitute me. However, our team plays jolly well. We're at sixty-five percent ball-possession, a miraculous feat. But no goals yet. We must concentrate. You two are just standing there. Our goal for the first half is on your side, northside, and I occasionally find myself in your vicinity when we all play defense. Now and then I steal a glance. Today you're not cat-calling, me or anyone else. I don't think you're even watching. Well, if you're a fan you should take some interest in the game, shouldn't you? What are you up to? Half-time, no score. Coach is bitching about most everything. Did I say \"psychology and morale\"? Luckily, he doesn't bring my issue up. Gives instructions. We keep our fingers crossed. A bell rings. We go out. To win, no doubt. We've changed sides and now I get to see you more often, straight ahead when I attack. It's annoying, though, that my eyes gravitate to you, but we have a bone to pick, don't we? At least, only few jokers still \"wanker\" me. Eighty-fourth minute. They play total defense now, they rarely venture into our half. They're hoping to force us to a nil-nil draw. If they piss us off enough, they might just make it, damn it! Concentrate! We attack. Parsons has the ball, lays it off ahead of me, I move on. I look ahead to see who's unmarked, I find them. I spot you two, too. … Is it my idea or are you… being very intimate? Oh, there's something fishy there, you're touching… \"Touch me!\" shouts Greenborough. An easy one. We do one-two, we move down the touchline… anyone in the mixer? Yep, Guy and Steele are there. \"Spread, Green, gimme space\" I shout and prepare to corner. I'm faster now, I got it, I near the endline, I chip the ball, a fine high cross. … Not only are you touching, you're holding each other in your arms… You're kissing!… Oh, babies, now I know your game. Posing as tomboys, coming to watch the match, but you're lesbos. Well, good for you, best of luck! Shit! Steele's header hits the crossbar, bounces off, Markham and their center-back jump for it, Markie wins… You're still at it, absorbed in it. You don't give a damn about the game. You've come here, among the shouting crowd, because you want to be alone! No other explanation, last time you were watching, shouting, stand-coaching and now… you're just kissing! Funny how peoples' lives go through changes. I'm positive, last time you weren't… the way you are now, right? You did go through a change, I can tell. …The ball's still in the air, flying to the left, Markham goes after it, trailed by the back… Now I know! It's all so clear now: the brunette used to come here very often, but always in someone else's company, a man's – got a perfect peripheral vision, have I told ya? – but you didn't come for the game, now I know. You came for her. You came for her, didn't you? …Chest-traps it… and scissor-kicks it in one movement!… Good, Markie! I'm running towards the box, unmarked… And what about the bloke? You two got rid of him? For this match, too? Nah, you're acting totally free, so… maybe for good? …Ball coming my side, I'm in the box, still unmarked, got it, I shoot an outside-curve, it's a banana. IT'S A GOAL! The crowd goes wild. My team-mates are upon me before I have time to celebrate. They jump on me, three, four, five of them… I can carry them all, I don't mind, we've won, there's no time for the match to turn, we've won, Jesus, we needed that. But as the palms and bodies and heads of my co-players are all over my body and my face, I remember. I know why I've tried hard all through this match and why, perhaps, luck came my way: to be able to shout back. To shout back at you . Ref's gonna give me a yellow, I wager. I can take it. I can take it for you … Hey, am I going mad? Gonna get me a card for someone I don't know? I don't even have you in my sights, the more you being a dyke. What, do you have a hold on me? The cheering and the shouting vanishes. I don't even feel the weight of my mates' bodies on me. I'm cut off. You do. It wasn't the insult, nor your booming and booing voice. It was that first look of you standing so cocksure, looking me into the eye with yours, green, like uncut emeralds. There was no insult there, no, but there was… a challenge. I dare you! I can now admit it, I've been brooding over it for two weeks, but now it's payback time. I take your challenge, I take your dare. I'm taking hold of myself again. I struggle free from my team-mates' embrace. I walk towards you, my teamies still trailing behind me. Less than ten yards separate us. Fans think I'm approaching them to celebrate together. My eyes are locked on you. But you're still kissing the brunette. All around you, people acting crazy, but now you are cut off in a paradise of your own. I reach the fencing. I cup my hands around my mouth, my team-mates again all over me. \"Who's a wanker now? Huh, girl, who's a wanker now?\" I shout ferociously. No, you won't answer me, you'll respond to nothing. You have your lips glued to the other's ones, you're just not there . Despite the pressure of bodies upon mine I'm ready to shout once more. My mouth opens but just remains agape. No, I won't, I won't spoil your moment. Perhaps… I envy you both. Yes, that's right, I envy your capability to be able to escape while the whole world around you sways frantically. And more than this, I respect you. But, I wouldn't want to spoil my moment either. I start running parallel to the fencing, waving, shouting. They all cheer, no one \"wankers\" me, they love me. I see the referee rushing at me, holding the yellow card, looking stern, but… hey, this one trying to stifle a smile too? He, too, knows? I stand gentlemanly as I'm being reproved. Formalities over, the match is about to restart. Guests are at the centre spot, looking glum. I turn for a last time, unamazed to see you still kissing. I smile to myself, I trot towards my position. We've won, I'm the hero of the day and not a wanker anymore. And, from the bottom of my heart, I wish you the best of luck. ","Summary":" No. 9 You're here. I saw you, I spotted you. You're exactly at the same spot as the week before the"},{"Movie":"Daybreakers","Title":"Recovery","Author":"Dark Spot of The Underworld","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5685478","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A scientist quickly reads over the latest data from the day shift with a small smile. \"'The subject had survived a week after being drained of nearly all blood, and has yet to show any signs of subsider changes. The only side effects seen are weakness, lethargy, increased sleep, and slightly altered mental status.' This is remarkable, we'll start with the next leg of the testing.\" He said to himself and partially to his colleague also working on the project. The race for a blood source was well past the point it should have been, and then there was the subsider problem. Only two scientists were working on a way to control them, or a way to return some intelligence to them. The specimens they had so far were utter failures, but this one seemed to have an advantage over any vampire they had tried previously. Though when she was brought in there seemed to be something direly wrong, maybe another unforeseen side effect of not getting enough blood as she was comatose when she was found and brought in. The first treatment was to administer eight ounces of blood, and she woke immediately and tried to leave, which lead to unsuccessful questioning and her involuntary admittance to the testing she was currently subject to. \"Shall we proceed with the blood removal?\" His colleague asked gesturing to the prepared instruments. \"Yes lets get that out of the way.\" He assented and walked to the holding room in which two armed guards were waiting. The scientists walked over to the table where the specimen was strapped down tightly enough to contend with her abnormal healthy strength. \"You know this would all go much smoother for you if you would just cooperate with us and tell us what you know about your condition.\" He said in as persuasive a voice as he could, but he was hoping that she would carry on with her silence so that they didn't have to consider her thoughts on the matter. Bright ice blue eyes opened to stare at him, it wasn't hateful or rabid, just empty like a doll's, a drastic change from the deep dark brown they had been when she was brought in. As they set up the instruments for the blood collection her lips parted in a snarl exposing her elongated eyeteeth, about a half inch longer than when he first inspected he noted. The needle penetrated the flesh of her neck easily, the blue veins standing out against her surprisingly tanned flesh left no guess work. The doors slid open causing the scientists to turn and smile. \"Hello Mr. Bromley, good to see you.\" He greeted warmly. \"Good to see you too Henderson, Froly.\" Bromley said with a smile as the soldier accompanying him looked around. \"And how is our girl looking today?\" He asked as he walked over to see the interesting subject on the table. Blue eyes stared as if they could burn holes through the man at her side, the snarl became more pronounced, and a deep feral growl vibrated from her chest and throat growing in volume. \"Well I can see you haven't warmed up to me any,\" Bromley commented with a small smirk. \"Won't you please reconsider sharing anything you know? I can promise you that you'll get much better treatment if you do.\" He brushed her hair away from her face, which brought another growl and the loud snap of her teeth attempting to bite him. \"Such a pity, you know. You could look so beautiful if you would only let us take care of you.\" The flow of blood from the tubes became a mere dribble and then just drops as the blood flow slowed and stopped. \"I'll leave Frankie here to try and convince you,\" Bromley said as he petted her hair in parting. \"He'll be your friend until you come to your senses. Frankie, I'd like you to spend an hour a day with her, try and convince her as best you can.\" \"Yes sir.\" Frankie replied with a nod. \"Good man Frankie, good man.\" Bromley said patting him on the shoulder as he left. \"I don't expect you to get very far with her, but try your best son.\" The doors closed and Henderson pulled the needles from her neck. Froly pulled an extra chair from the office next door. \"You can use this,\" he said pushing the chair next to the table. \"She doesn't answer us, so just talk to keep yourself company.\" \"Thanks,\" Frankie said as he sat down. For the first time he took a good look at her. Thin, not anorexic, just a little more thin than normal. He approximated her height to be four to five inches shorter than him. Her skin was a golden brown/tan. Features; high cheekbones, nothing special about her lips, almond eyes open wide and staring at him. He blinked as he noticed she had adopted a neutral face as she stared at him. It was a little unnerving, but strangely calming. \"So… I'm Frankie, if you couldn't tell. Mind telling me your name?\" He was met with silence, but he did take note of her pupils widening and contracting as if he was hard to focus on. \"Ok, well you must be getting pretty hungry by now, just accept the offer and I'm sure I can get you some blood.\" Her pupils stayed in a contracted state. \"Come on, just say the word and you won't go hungry.\" She didn't move any more, just stared. \"Come on, you can't just starve yourself like that.\" He grumbled at her. \"Are you even listening?\" He waved his hand in front of her face, she only closed her eyes and turned her head. \"Now you're going to ignore me? What are you a kid? Say something!\" \"That's not going to help you.\" Froly said from the office. Frankie just glared at the door for a second. He stopped when she turned her head back to him. \"Going to play nice now?\" He asked with a smile. The corner of her lip twitched as if she wanted to smile. He stared at her and her mouth twitched again, but this time it her eyes seemed to take on some life. Like someone who could no longer move was trying to convey amusement to someone who could. It seemed to be between amused and sad. \"You know cooperating can't be that bad, anything has to be better than this.\" He said looking around at the white walls and the sterile smell that came with it. \"Why won't you just go along with it?\" The amusement drained from her eyes. Now she just looked at him with a sense of pleading and a deep sadness he couldn't understand. The look grew to where he could see her eyes water, but the tears in her eyes were bloody. He was shocked as they over filled and a tear from each eye ran sluggishly down her cheeks. He reached out and brushed them away. She didn't move when he touched her, but stared. The sadness never left her eyes. Her skin felt soft and fragile under his touch. She almost looked as if she wanted to bawl her eyes out. \"Ok, Frankie you can go, your hour's up.\" Henderson said as he came into the room. \"See you tomorrow.\" He waved and returned to the back rooms. \"Yeah ok.\" Frankie said as he got up. He looked back down. \"I'll see you tomorrow then.\" He flashed her a smile, and was half way out the door. \"Later Frankie,\" the whispered words just caught him as the doors shut. Frankie stared at the doors wondering if he had heard those two words, or if he had imagined them. He shook his head and walked away, he'd have to find out tomorrow.[Chapter 2] Hey DS speaking... Yeah, I'd just like to say thanks to all five of you who have reviewed so far. I had to go and see Daybreakers again because I needed a little more knowledge of the story line. Lucky there were only three other people as I had to start taking notes on my iPod. Be happy I did this, it was going to bug the hell out of me if I didn't get it as accurate as I could. In addition I am posting this new chapter on my birthday, so I'm spreading the joy... Someone should as I'm still going to school... The brain liquifying lecture awaits... Joy... Well enjoy the second chapter and let me know how I did! ^.^' Someone shoot me. The next day Frankie was in a bad mood thanks to the fight with his older brother when he was expecting a nice evening back. He walked stiffly past the guards into the room. The she was in the same place as he had left her the day before, but there were burns in several areas on her body. She looked up at him blankly as he stared in shock. The burns had left her without skin inside the wounds, and seeing as she hadn't had any blood they weren't healing or even oozing. They seemed a little dry. \"What the hell?\" He whispered he couldn't seem to snap himself out of it. \"Hey, what's going on?\" Henderson calmly walked into the room. \"Nothing you need to be concerned about.\" He said waving his hand. \"Just trying to repeat the results we got when we first brought her in. Looks like she is more venerable to the sun when she has no blood left. I'm surprised that she can do anything at all.\" He looked down to her then pulled out a syringe of blood. \"Lets see if this clears it up.\" As the last of the blood entered her system the burns started healing slowly. Not instantly, but it would take a few minuets to finish healing. Without another word Henderson turned and left the room. Frankie stared down at the weak woman on the table. This was beyond what he thought would have been going on. Sure seeing how long someone could go without blood and becoming a subsider was good information, but exposing someone to the sun? There had to be a damn good reason other than the fact that she didn't cooperate. He sat down heavily. She had been watching him with the doll eyes again. Though she was blinking at him more than last time. He reached a hand out to hold hers; she showed no signs of protest. He started rubbing his thumb in circles, to sooth her or himself he didn't know. \"Well, I guess I'll just talk since you don't seem to want to.\" He sighed heavily. She just blinked and continued staring. \"I got into a fight with my brother last night. He's such a stupid ass. I can't believe he hasn't gotten over the fact that I changed him. It's been what ten years? Why can't he get over it and be happy for once?! \"I mean if he doesn't want to drink human blood, then fine! He can drink all the pig crap he wants, but he can at least stop being a baby about it. It's not like he can change it, and if he can then what? No one else wants to change and he'll just be another human! Doesn't he get that I saved him from being hunted down and farmed? He's just being a selfish bastard! He would be dead right now if I hadn't changed him!\" Frankie took a few deep breaths to calm himself. It took him a second to notice she was rubbing circles on the inside of his wrist. She was also looking at him differently, the blank look was gone in it's place was…. Sympathy? Yes, it was sympathy. Like she knew his pain, but how? \"Don't tell them,\" the same whisper from the day before. He had convinced himself he had imagined it. His eyes opened, and he was ready to ask something. \"Don't, they'll know…\" Her voice was so weak, it was below even a whisper, and the begging tone didn't help at all. Ice blue stared into golden amber, one weak, one confused. Frankie was at a loss as to what to do. He looked at the entrance to the offices and back at her. What to do? \"Ok well enough of that, you don't wanna hear about my stupid brother huh?\" He leaned back and acted like he was thinking about something to tell her. \"What to say? What to say?\" \"Please can you get me out of here? Or kill me at least?\" She asked, her voice was nothing more than a breath of wind. Now that he watched her mouth was slightly open. \"If you answer me I'll see about getting you some more blood, and letting you drink it.\" Frankie said acting like he was trying to tempt her into talking. \"Or are you one of those weirdo's that don't want human blood?\" \"Please? It hurts…\" Her eyes were staring into his pleading now. \"Now that I think of it I don't know your name…\" Frankie said as he leaned an elbow onto her table. He gripped her hand tightly, not enough to hurt, but trying to say what he couldn't. 'Sorry, I can't.' \"Is that why you talk to me? Cause I don't know your name?\" \"It's ok, I figured you couldn't.\" She said, this time he could hear the sadness clearly and it reflected in her eyes tearing at his heart. \"Doesn't hurt to try right?\" \"Don't make me start the guessing game.\" He smirked despite himself. \"Nah, I'll just think of something to call you…\" He looked up at the ceiling. She rubbed his wrist again, the touch felt oddly soft, like a feather. \"Jen.\" \"How about I call you Jenny?\" He asked looking down at her with a smile. \"You look like a Jenny to me.\" \"Jerk,\" she threw at him but he caught the twitch and glint in her eyes that said she was smiling. \"So, are you sure you don't want to talk to me?\" He smiled again. \"You know usually I get a smile back by now.\" He huffed at her and leaned back. \"They want me here because I'm a different kind of vampire. In reality you guys are new. I'm a hundred and seven, not counting the twenty human years.\" She said locking eyes with him again. \"I miss my brother too. Only he's dead by a hundred years.\" \"A staring contest? Sure, I think I can beat you.\" Frankie smiled determinedly. \"You care about your brother like I did mine. Your lucky to have him even if he is mad at you.\" Jen's pupils widened from their pinpoint state. \"I think you're a little childish, playing kids games with me and all.\" He rubbed her hand again. \"Thanks for keeping me company. You are a good brother, your heart was in the right place changing your brother, but maybe you need to say sorry.\" She gripped his hand for a moment. \"Don't let it hang over the two of you. You have time to fix it,\" her mouth twitched. \"You have all the time in the world.\" \"I mean come on, first the silent treatment, and now a staring contest?\" He laughed a little. \"What's next? Holding your breath?\" \"See you tomorrow.\" She blinked and her doll's eyes were back. \"Ok, see you tomorrow then.\" Henderson came out and shooed Frankie through the doors. Well there you go. Someone have fun out there. I'm serious... I'll send out some blood deprived vamps to get you if you don't! DS[Chapter 3] The next day Frankie visited he was in an even worse mood than before. Edward had gone off with a few humans, they had exposed him to the sun for a few seconds and knocked him out. He was pissed at his brother, and at the same time a little scared. Things weren't supposed to be like this, they weren't supposed to be so hard. He took a deep breath and entered the room. He'd have to steel himself for the coming visit. Jen was there just like any other day. Staring up at the ceiling. When he took his seat she looked over at him. The doll's eyes stayed for a moment before the life came back into them reflecting curiosity. Apparently she could see through what he thought was a blank face. Jen blinked twice and quirked an eyebrow slightly at him. He looked serious for the most part, but his eyes told her he was almost ready to cry. \"What's with the face?\" Frankie asked trying to make it look like he was joking around. \"I swear they should put a TV on in here, maybe a comedy channel. That might get you to smile at least.\" \"I should be asking you that.\" She said, sounding just a little better than last time. She could thank the scientists for only monitoring her healing that day, but she just wanted to see them dead. She brushed it aside and waited for Frankie to tell her what was going on. She wasn't going to pry, he seemed to want someone to listen. \"Well… My brother took off this afternoon.\" Frankie finally broke the silence. He was looking around the room, trying to avoid her gaze. He was still struggling with it himself, but just talking about things to Jenny seemed to help get things off his shoulders, if only for a little. \"I can't visit as much right now, I've got a new assignment. Gotta keep those subsider freaks under control. Sorry, but you'll just have to but up with the lab geeks.\" He gave her a wide smirk. \"Shouldn't be too hard, you got under their skin before I came along, I'm sure you'll be fine. I'll visit when I can.\" He got up and brushed her hair back, she was staring blankly now. \"So next time I come by think you can at least say 'hi' or something?\" He rubbed a thumb over her forehead. \"Don't get all clingy on me now that I've got more things to do. I'll still stop by.\" She sighed softly. \"I'll miss you then Frankie,\" she said resigned to the fact that she would be going back to the endless testing again. \"Bye, miss you already.\" Frankie forced himself to laugh. \"Ok, see ya later.\" He said before turning and walking out of the stark white room. Jen sighed so lightly her chest didn't seem to move. She knew the feeling of foreboding well, so when it came over her this time she tried to ready herself. She took a deep breath and tried to relax into the same sleeping state that the new majority population new vampires, to her anyway, found her in that started all this off. She was very dimly aware of the goings on around her, but it dimmed the sensations as well. Henderson and Froly walked in carrying several sets of instruments. Henerson smirked down at Jen. \"Well lets get started with today's tests shall we?\" He asked setting up a few tools. Jen didn't react when she saw the surgical equipment, at least not outwardly. 'Oh crap, this is gonna hurt.' She thought before her thoughts faded slightly trying to make the up coming horrors a little less than they promised to be. She stared up at the ceiling dimly aware of Henderson and Froly talking in the distance. She felt the saw make a line down the middle of her chest, then pressure. As she came out of the lightheaded feeling she quickly registered the intense pain in her chest making her wince. \"Nice to know you're still in there somewhere.\" Henderson said happily. Apparently The Sleep didn't help when damage was actively being done to her body. Jen took note of a little more strength, but when she glanced down she was met with the horror of all horrors. Her chest had been opened, and the silver clamps holding her chest open were glinting in the light. She was frozen as she looked at her own heart, the sac that she knew encased it was open giving her a surgeon or mortician's view of her heart. The distinct cold feeling of dread swelled to all new proportions, as she knew nothing good would come of this. Soon darkness greeted her with most welcome arms as it guided her into an abyss. As more feeling came back to her Jen couldn't stop the bloody tears from sliding down her cheeks, refreshing the dried tracks that had been made during the initial sawing. Pure agony greeted her senses as she tried to comprehend what was done to her. They had cracked open her chest cavity, probably yesterday, and kept it open as they poked around her heart and major blood vessels. After they were done with that they gave her a little more blood straight into her heart, very painful when given via a twenty-gauge needle. The next thing she remembered was a flash of sun, burning hot pain, and the smell of burning flesh. When she had recovered enough from the shock she tried to assess the damage. When she saw the damage it was worse than she had imagined. They had exposed her heart to the sun! Oh, a third degree sunburn on a normal day was a cakewalk compared to this. This was pure agony… Jen estimated the damage to be equal to a fourth degree or unstageable burn; the tissue damage she felt could only be around that severity. She was surprised to even be alive at this point. After another painful injection of blood they were watching the healing process. They seemed even more excited at the fact that she didn't burst into flames. Oh goodie, more tests. 'What's next? Taking an organ out, burning it, then giving it back? Or maybe a live dissection? Like they aren't doing that already. What fun would they have with that.' Jen thought trying to focus on anything but the pain. 'Just let me die already.' \"Well let's get you all covered up,\" Froly said walking out with a sheet. \"Can't have you drying out on us now can we?\" He set the sheet down and looked at the device still holding her ribcage open. \"I guess this will have to go. Though, we'll only have to open you up again.\" He released the pin holding the clamp open, her ribcage closed only slightly. Froly put a hand on ether side of the opening and pushed down and in; forcing the cavity closed in one loud and painful crunch. Jen's eyes and mouth snapped open in a silent cry. The burning pain renewed and in addition to that the pain of her ribs being forced back to their original position. More bloody tears ran down her face. Froly took a tissue from his pocket and wiped all traces of the tears from her face before spreading the sheet over her now limp body. \"I suppose we'll see you tomorrow seeing as we worked over time today.\" He said looking down at her with indifference as if he were speaking to an animal. ","Summary":" A scientist quickly reads over the latest data from the day shift with a small smile. \"'The subjec"},{"Movie":"Daybreakers","Title":"Daddy's Girl","Author":"Lady of the Lost and Found","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5696737","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello Sportsfans! Sam Neill's character, Charles Bromley, has certainly caught my attention. Big time. The movie just didn't do him justice. So here's my attempt at getting to the bare bones of the Big Cheese of Bromley Marks and answering the question of \"what was with the Daddy's Little Girl\" syndrome. Enjoy! Happy Reading It was said that when the vampires first appeared, the humans would be the ones to suffer. They were right. It didn't take long before vampires became the dominate race on the planet. Vampires are everywhere. You could not outrun them. You could not hide from them, at least not for long. They would find you. They always did. But no one said that they could not be fooled. Even the most esteemed of vampires can be led to believe a lie. Date: March 12, 2015 The Outbreak: 6 Years On Location: Vermont, New England The customized Lexus sedan had no issues navigating the sharp twists and turns of the winding two-lane road that snaked through the dense forest that was claimed as the private property of Bromley Marks Pharmaceuticals. Only those with the highest standing within the company ever had the privilege of venturing onto the grand estate that was an isolated oasis of peace, tranquility, and blood sport. It was a place untouched by the grime and clutter of the city. To Charles Bromley, this little slice of heaven was his personal home away from home. Chopin's Nocturne played softly over the muted speakers as the steady thrum of the windshield wipers kept time. Like most things in Vermont, the rain was as common as the heavy fog that seemed to cling to every undisturbed corner. The heavy cloud formations hung low in the sky, blocking out the sun completely and casting a ghostly grey shadow over the rolling hillsides. Perfect mid-day driving weather. Seeing how the weather was working in his favor Charles allowed himself the rare luxury of driving during the day unaided by the day-time automated shielding that all of the company cars were equipped with. There was nothing like daytime driving, especially when one could actually fully enjoy it. Such a rarity was not to be missed. With his foot firmly placed on the accelerator, Charles allowed himself to smile as the speedometer climbed higher than the state speed limit allowed. The state-of-the-art V10 engine purred quietly under the hood of the sleek black four-door as fat heavy raindrops lashed at the car's highly polished surface, desperate to find a hold as he raced toward his destination. It had been a good while since he last made his way up to the Lodge. Being stuck in a skyscraper of weeks on end had certainly taken its toll on the vampire that was considered to be one of the most influential and important figures in society. Charles needed a break. A break from his work. A break from the city. A break from all the memories. A small sigh escaped him as he raised the volume a fraction above the tolerable level. With his keen sense of hearing it was difficult to enjoy the classics as he used to, back before the world had evolved to what it was. Still, it was Chopin. Easing back into the leather upholstery, Charles Bromley allowed his mind to wander as his hands instinctively guided the Lexus around the dips and curves in the road. Six years was barely a blip on an immortal's scale of time and yet it felt as if an age had passed since he last cruised the countryside with the great Masters of Music. Alison had always commented on his \"old fashion tastes\" but even she admitted from time to time that the long-time-dead guys knew how to create a decent tune. The debates that they had shared on the long drives they had taken together were still fresh in his mind. His daughter was one of the few people who knew how to string him along before using his own argument against him. She was always a step ahead of her old man, no matter how hard he had tried to reason with her \"new school\" logic. Maybe that was the reason why he couldn't get through to her when he had tried in vain to get her to see things as he saw them. Maybe he just couldn't relate. Maybe that was why he had lost her. Was she still alive? Hiding in some hole in some isolated by-the-wayside ghost town? Fearing the coming of night each and every day, thinking that maybe that night would be her last? Did she think of him? Did she miss him? Or was she… \"Shit!\" Charles swore through his teeth as his natural reflexes moved faster than his mind. The car slid to a jarring halt as his right foot slammed on the brake pedal. He was flung forward before he could brace himself. The seatbelt kept him from being jettisoned through the windshield and had he been breathing, the pressure would have knocked the air right out of his lungs. Out of pure habit Charles inhaled deeply as he regained his composure. Something had snapped him out of his reverie and that something was standing in the middle of the road. Frowning deeply Charles eyed the figure that was blocking his way. In the rain he could make out the unmistakable outline of a human form. Whether or not the figure was human remained to be seen but what human in their right mind would expose themselves to the elements wearing…a white full-length nightgown? \"What in the world?\" He muttered to himself as he quickly placed the car in park and undid his seatbelt. \" Warning. Daylight hours still in effect.\" \"Oh shut up.\" Charles growled as he opened the door while the automated computer calmly reminded him of what he already knew. In this weather he could stand out in the rain and do the Charleston and he wouldn't even get the faintest hint of a tan. \"Excuse me!\" He called out as he stepped out of his car and turned to face the individual. If the person heard him they didn't show it. The figure stood stock still in the pouring rain, staring off at some random point as if completely dazed and incoherent. Something about this didn't feel right. Eyeing the surrounding trees on both sides, Charles did a quick sweep of the area with all of his senses engaged. In this weather it would be nearly impossible to smell out any humans waiting to ambush him but his hearing would have picked up on the panicked pitter-patter of a beating heart had anyone been lying in wait. All he heard was the steady hum of the car's engine and what sounded like the hammering of a dying heartbeat. That was when the figure collapsed. Ignoring the rain that quickly did its best to drench him as fast as possible Charles slammed the door shut and made his way over to the fallen individual. He took his time though. He had an idea of what was going on but he was still one to take precaution as his first method of action. A vampire could never been too careful. Especially out here in the middle of nowhere. Taking care to study the situation from every angle, he carefully made his approach. As he came closer he realized what he was seeing. A girl, roughly around his daughter's age, was dying. Not dying. Being reborn. The left side of her nightdress was soaked in blood that seeped from twin puncture wounds in her neck. Her bare arms and legs were already deathly pale and if he hadn't know any better he would have believed that she already dead. But dead things didn't fight to stay alive. \"Easy now. It'll be over soon.\" Charles murmured quietly as he carefully lowered himself to the ground, making sure to keep about an arm's length between himself and the girl. A newly turned vampire was unpredictable at best and the last thing he needed was to worsen the condition of his suit. The girl curled into herself as her muscles contracted and he couldn't help but note her vain attempt to fight off the inevitable. It would hurt less if she relaxed and accepted the change but humans were a very stubborn breed. \"Don't fight it. Just let it happen.\" His words fell on deaf ears as the girl whimpered in pain. Her joints were beginning to lock and soon her heart would stop beating all together. The feeling of vigor mortis was an unsettling one but thankfully it never lasted more than a few moments or so. Soon she would be a welcomed member of a race far superior than any that had existed before and life as she knew it would never be the same again. Dying was a good thing. Yet the girl didn't seem to think so. Moving with a speed that startled him, the girl lashed out and grabbed his left arm in an iron grip. She pulled herself upward and for the first time he could make out her profile under the dark curtain of wet hair that clung her to neck and shoulders. Her small features and fragile complexion reminded him of an early twentieth-century flapper but her eyes were what held his interest. Such innocent eyes. The eyes of a child in a young woman's body. The eyes of a daughter. Alison. \"D-d-don't…leave…\" Her words came out in a faint whisper but he still managed to make them out. She never blinked as she locked her gaze with his. \"I…\" Charles stammered as he was drawn in by the pull of her eyes. The iridescent baby blue colour was too vivid to be considered normal by human standards but they matched his golden gaze with a will stronger than her shivering frame seemed to hold. Her grip on his arm tightened. \"Please.\" It was the look that did it. Those piercing eyes, filled with such uncertainty, seemed to look right through him and see him for what he really was. For the first time in his immortal life Charles felt something pull deep within in. As if his heart had started to beat again for a split second. It was a twinge of sympathy. \"Hold on.\" He didn't think of what he was doing. He just reacted to an impulse that he thought had died along with his human side. Taking her hand firmly in his he gently pried her fingers off his arm and shrugged out of his suit jacket. It was soaked through but it was better than nothing. Wrapping it around the girl's quaking body Charles tucked her into the garment and easily picked her up off the ground as if she weighed little more than air. Super strength, another perk of being one of the undead. \"Immortality is a miracle. You are blessed.\" He said as he carried her over to the waiting Lexus. The only response he got was a half-choked sob as her body bucked violently in his arms before going totally limp. Well, the worst was over. As he reached for the door handle something totally unexpected happened. The girl retched the contents of her stomach all over him. He should have seen that one coming.[Chapter 2] Greeting Sportsfans! Instead of writing epicially long chapters that would make me want to rip my eyes out and eat them, I've decided to try cranking out smaller chapters. I want to try to get a real sense of the character without pulling a Shakespeare and writing an insanely long-winded soliloquy about the hows and whys of the world. And Sam Neill doesn't need long chapters because Sam Neill gets the job done quickly. Yeah...I love Sam Neill. What can I say? The man's a man's actor. Happy Reading! \"I'm telling you Brian I don't know who she is or where she comes from. She's not part of my game stock. But that's not the point here. You're my Head of Security. I want to know who the hell has been hunting on my property! No, I'm not overreacting. Damn it Brian I want answers and I wanted them five minutes ago. Do not give me half-assed excuses or you'll find yourself back on night watch before the sun goes down. Oh, is that right…well I don't care if you have to use half the staff to go over the parameter records. I want every inch of this place checked over and the culprit found. And when you find him Brian, and yes you will find him, I want him brought here. I'll deal with it.\" Charles Bromley stood with his back facing the crackling fireplace that dominated the center of the open concept den as he ripped the proverbial strip off of his security chief. Miles may have separated them but he knew how to take a vampire down a few notches with the right choice of words. An interloper had trespassed onto his personal hunting territory and like hell was he going to let this one slide. There was hell to pay for this insolence and he was going to be the one to dish it out in heaps. Charles Bromley was not someone to be crossed. \"You've got three hours. You better come up with something or start looking for a new job. I'm being unreasonable? Oh really?\" Without another word Charles snapped his cell phone shut and tossed it onto the solid granite table-top that served as a coffee table. He had known Brian McCabe for six years and in six years the man still managed to get on his nerves. \"Why is it always me?\" He muttered to himself as he bit back a yawn that threatened to unhinge his jaw. Glen Miller and his orchestra played softly in the background but even those nostalgic tunes couldn't snap him out of his irritation. Who the hell would have the nerve to feed on his land? Someone who had a death wish, that's who. A deep growl of annoyance tickled the back of his throat as he glanced down at his wrist-watch and eyed the time. Damn, it was already mid-afternoon. He was no stranger to pulling all-dayers but when he was at the Lodge the last thing he wanted was to be bothered. And this was bothering the hell out of him. Massaging his temples, he could already feel the beginnings of a pounding headache, Charles closed his eyes for a moment and centered himself. The girl needed to be dealt with first. The trespasser could wait until evening. Two hours had passed since he had arrived at the Lodge and in that time the girl had been dead to the world. It wouldn't be long now. When she awoke he was going to have his hands full. Newly turned vampires were always problematic at the beginning. God, he didn't need this. Not today. \" You're nobody 'til somebody loves you You're nobody 'til somebody cares. You may be king, you may possess the world and it's gold, But gold won't bring you happiness when you're growing old.\" Charles just shook his head as Old Blue Eyes and Judy Garland sang out from the antique 1920's dial radio that sat snugly up against a wall next to the bar. At least Frank still had it going for him. That man would have made one hell of a vampire. \"I need a drink.\" He grumbled to himself as he made his way over to the bar and grabbed a brandy glass off the top racks before he opened the well-stock bar fridge and pulled out an unlabeled wine bottle. Rolling up the sleeves of his dress-shirt Charles made his way back to the fireplace and sunk down into the dark leather three-seater that faced the open flame before he poured himself a large helping of 0+. Full body, female, mature, there was really nothing finer. The tension eased out of his shoulders as he knocked back half the glass and savored the taste. Just what the doctor ordered. Now, what was he going to do with the girl? She couldn't stay. He had no time to play nursemaid for used goods. Yet he wasn't about to throw her out in the middle of the night. He may be a soul-sucking fiend but he did have his scruples. No, she was his responsibility for the time being. There were foundling homes in the city for teenaged vampires that had no family ties. He would send her there. Out of sight, out of mind. But first, he would question her. He wanted to know who had turned her and why. In order to do that, she had to be fully functional and awake. He poured himself another glass and drained it before he plucked the bottle off the table top and headed for one of the many hallways that crisscrossed the large mansion. He had placed her in one of the guest rooms on the ground floor. Somewhere that was easy to access and secured from the threat of daylight. His footfalls went unheard as he padded silently toward the locked bedroom and dialed in the access code into the keypad that was embedded into the wall by the door. Extra security for the guest of course. The Lodge was a vampiric stronghold and nothing short of an atomic blast would ever compromise its security. Charles could never be too careful. When he heard the lock release he slowly eased open the door and stepped into the darkened room. The single bedroom had been tastefully decorated by one of the interior designers that he had hired years ago to furnish the place. Simple, elegant, and practical. He was happy to note that it had remained that way. Nothing had been ripped off the walls or destroyed. A good start so far. Once in the room he closed the door behind him and made his way over to the figure that was lying deathly still beneath the covers of the large queen sized bed that stood off to one side. She was still asleep. He took note of the fact that the covers did not move. There was no rise and fall of her chest which meant that the transformation process was complete. Now it was time to wake her to a life of new opportunities. Taking care not to disturb the girl, Charles placed the wine bottle on the night stand and carefully eased himself onto the side of the bed. He reached forward and placed his index finger on the side of her neck. No pulse. He moved quickly as he lifted the eyelid of her right eye and inspected the colour of her iris. Pure feral gold. When he gently lifted her upper lip he saw that her gums were a pale pink and that her fangs had come in perfectly. Small, curved, and lethal. She had made the change without a single physical mishap. Now it was time to see what her mental state was. He grabbed the wine bottle by its neck and placed his thumb over the mouth. He turned it over once, soaking the pad of his finger with the thick viscous liquid, and placed the bottle back on the table. It was best to start things off slowly in order to keep the shock factor at bay. A rough start could mean problems adjusting down the line. Taking care to make his actions as slow and subtle he passed his thumb against her lower lip, smearing the blood across her mouth as neatly as possible. He did not have to wait long for her to awaken. In fact he did not have to wait at all. Her reaction was instantaneous. She let out a small groan as her tongue darted out and tentatively tasted the blood on her lips. The taste was foreign but instinct quickly overrode caution as she lapped at the blood, growing bolder as consciousness began to take hold. Charles smiled when she opened her eyes for the first time and peered up at him with a look that was not unfamiliar. Those bright golden eyes held only one question in them and Charles was more than happy to give her the answer she sought. Picking up the wine bottle once more he held it to her lips, careful not to spill any of the content onto the white down-filled comforter, as she quickly took to the bottle with out any qualms. She wasn't the squeamish sort. She was simply hungry. \"Welcome to the world. And who might you be?\"[Chapter 3] Greetings Sportsfans! Sorry it's been awhile. I've been meaning to come back and update the story sooner but life got in the way. Anywho here's the next chapter! What can I say, Sam Neill kicking ass in a business suit is something I could not pass up. Go Sam Neill! Happy Reading Abigail. Her name was Abigail. Charles arched an eyebrow as he sat in front of the crackling fire pit, deep in thought. The soft ticking of the antique grandfather clock in the main foyer provided a soothing backdrop to the thoughts that were buzzing in his skull. His foundling had turned out to be something of a puzzle. When he had asked her for her name, she had answered him with a look of confusion. Name? What name? Charles had pressed on. Deeper probing had uncovered the truth that he sought even if the girl had been resistant to dredging up any sort of knowledge pertaining to her human life. Past trauma perhaps? Something had to have happened before her turning in order to cause the gaps in her memory. What was it she was trying so hard to forget? He did not know. An hour of ceaseless questioning had only given him more questions than answers. Her name was Abigail, she was originally from Seattle, she had been on the run for the last four years, she had no idea what she was doing in Vermont. She could not tell him who had turned her. Or would not tell him. Charles was still unsure about that fact. Something didn't feel quite right. And then she had asked him a question that had shaken the foundation of his carefully cultivated demeanor. She had asked him about his daughter. Charles frowned as the clock struck eight. How on earth could she have known about Alison? Any information pertaining to the issue of his daughter and her disappearance had been carefully covered up. As far as the public was concerned, Alison had died tragically in a car accident not three months after the start of the Outbreak. She was gone before the medical personnel could get to her. A private ceremony had been held in which an empty coffin had been interred and the memory of Alison had been laid to rest. Charles had made a point of it that the subject had reached the proper news channels and publicists. He did not want to have any loose ends to worry about and had made sure to cover his tracks. How would it look to the vampire nation if the head of one of the biggest international blood farming pharmaceutical companies happened to have a rouge human daughter? It would be bad for business. So then how did this newly turned vampire who had randomly shown up out of the blue know about Alison? Was it that she knew Alison personally? Was his little girl still alive? \"Damn questions.\" He growled under his breath as he lifted his glass off the granit table top and drank deeply. This was going to take some time to sort through. Hell it would probably take him all night. Great. Charles was not amused. Closing his eyes for a brief moment, Charles allowed the subtle numbing sensation of the rich blood wash over his senses. Enjoying a glass now and again was great for keeping the nagging hunger pains at bay but after two bottles of the expensive stuff, Charles knew that he had reached his limit for the day. He wasn't one to give into overindulgence often. He also wasn't a heavy drinker to begin with and a little too much made him careless and sloppy. That was something he could very well do without. A soft sigh escaped him as he shook his head and focused his attention on the crackling flames that danced in front of him. What he needed was some serious down time. No outside issues that needed his attention. No meetings with forgein investors looking to cap on the Bromley Marks Enterprise. No dealing with Henry Marks, co-founder and chair of the company and the daily bane of Charles' exsitence as far as he was concerned. No, he could certainly do without thinking about that cut-throat for a few days. \"Too damn quiet in here.\" Charles tossed back the remainder of the blood in his glass and hoisted himself to his feet. Swallowing hard he quickly shed his black paisley tie and undid the first two buttons of his white dress shirt. It was about time he got himself out of that damn suit and into something a little more rustic. Stretching hard Charles flexed his shoulders until he felt his shoulder blade pop before he picked up the empty bottle and wineglass and placed them ontop of the bar. The soft strains of an old blues song purred out of the radio, making Charles feel a little depressed as the clarinet warbled a refrain. With the sun setting soon, Charles wanted to listen to something with a little more nightlife in it. Hmmm, what was on the dial at this time of the day? After fiddling with the radio for a moment he found what was he looking for. The Righteous Brothers. Of course. \" Girl, I can't let you do this Let you walk away Girl, how can I live through this When you're all I wake up for each day?\" \"Baby, you're my soul and my heart's inspiration. You're all I've got to get me by. You're my soul and my heart's inspiration. Without you baby, what good am I?\" Charles quietly sang along as he quickly washed the glass and set it to dry on the glass racks while the bottle vanished beneath the countertop. There was nothing that set Charles at ease like some good old fashion music. Not that ceaseless racket that the vampire youth of today called quality sound. With his attention elsewhere, Charles didn't notice a pair of golden eyes that peered timidly at him from out of the shadows of an agacient hallway. A delicate white hand appeared as it touched the wall but the apparition vanished suddenly when Charles' cell phone began to virbate loudly. Finally. It took Brian long enough to get back to him. Now he would get some of the answers he wanted. Charles wiped his hands dry with a dish rag and snacked up the phone. Caller Unknown. Charles paused for a moment as the sleek black phone buzzed in his hand. He had expected to see Brian's name listed on the caller ID. Maybe he was calling from one of the undisclosed numbers that the office had set aside for important calls that needed to avoid going on record. \"Brian it took you long enough and I hate having to wait when the answers I want are so readily available. Tell me what the hell is….\" Charles barked into the phone but instead of the usual excuses that were lined up for him all he got was an earful of static. \"Brian?\" Static. What the? Silently a shadowy form flitted across the room, avoiding the vampire's line of sight before it vanished in a corner. Charles knitted his eyebrows together in a deep frown as he lowered the phone and eyed the Unknown Caller. Something didn't feel right. Had it not been for the tell-tale squeak of a loose wooden floorboard Charles would never have known what had hit him. Maybe it was luck, maybe it was fate, but for some reason the floor had decieved his attackers best attempt at attacking the vampire without being noticed. Charles snarled in surprised as a black-clad figure crashed into him from the side and the two of them went flying across the room, colliding into the far wall. Tasteful paintings of the countryside rattled on impact as his attacker tried to bash his skull open against the fortified wooden wall. Fangs bared, Charles' golden eyes blazed in anger as he lunged and sunk his fangs into his attacker's exposed neck, getting an unearthly shriek in response. His attacker wasn't human. It was vampire. And it wasn't alone. Before Charles could inflict some serious damage on the other vampire a pair of hands grabbed his ankles and yanked him off. Exposed and unable to get to his feet Charles let out a snarl that would have sent a lesser vampire running for cover. Instead his attackers just doubled their efforts. Before he knew what was happening Charles was bodily picked up off the floor and thrown clear across the room once more, crashing head first into the bar, sending shattered glass flying every which way. This was not good. Charles didn't have the time to wipe the blood out of his eyes before his attackers were upon him again. This time he was ready for them. Knowing full well that he would be a perfect target if he stayed where he was, Charles launched himself over the bar with a full-throated roar and came down on the head of one of the attackers like a thunderbolt. Fangs flashed and blood sprayed as he ripped into the figure's hooded face without mercy. The vampire flailed beneath him as Charles dragged the figure toward the fireplace with every intention of tossing the son of a bitch into the flames. Realizing what was going on the vampire struggled like mad in an attempt to break free of Charles' iron grip around its throat. It was no use. Charles' blood was up and he had his nails hooked into the vampires neck. The more the vampire struggle the harder Charles gripped. It wasn't long before his hands were soaked in blood. However the vampire's partner was one step ahead of Charles and a heavy blow to the back of the head made him see stars. Going down he landed on top of his opponent while his other attacker closed in from behind, a solid wooden stake raised firmly above him. Instinct screamed at Charles to move out of the way but his body was too slow to respond. The blow to the head had scattered his senses and he had become the perfect target for the black clad figure standing above him. Gritting his teeth Charles braced himself for the killer blow. \" EEEEEeeeaaaaarrrgh!\" A gut-wrenching squeal came from the would-be executioner right before the vampire erupted into a ball of flames. Charles covered his head with his arm and rolled off the vampire beneath him as the figure stumbled forward in a blind panic. Hauling himself away from the flaming menace he crawled to his hands and knees in time to see the flailing figure disintegrate into a pile of charred splinters and smoking ashes. Now, now was his chance! Move it Charles! Moving with speed born of desperation Charles snatched up the wooden stake that had been dropped by the deceased vampire and pinned the second vampire beneath him, keeping the lethal wooden point pressed into the vampire's chest, right over the heart. He had the vampire trapped. There was nowhere to go. \"Who sent you! WHO SENT YOU!\" Charles bellowed as he applied more pressure to the stake, making the vampire beneath him buck. Baring his fangs in sheer annoyance Charles wrenched the black hood off the vampire in order to get a good look at him. Sporting some sort of black tribal tattoo over the crown of his shaven head, the vampire was anything but the usual run of the mill bloodsucker. An ugly burn mark that never quite healed properly marred the left half of his face, giving him a gruesome appearance that Charles would not forget. The vampire was a mercenary, a fangs-for-hire. Charles knew the type. He had employed them in the past and knew how effective they were at getting the job done. The vampire wasn't going to talk. They both knew it. While all this ran through Charles' mind, the vampire decided to make his move. Wrenching a knife out of his boot, the vampire slashed at Charles in order to drive him back and make a break for it. Charles was up on his feet as the vampire bolted across the room. Gripping the stake in his right hand Charles flung his arm back and launched the deadly missile straight at the fleeing vampire's back. The mercenary never knew what hit him before he went out in a flaming heap. Not many people were aware that Charles pitched for his college team back in his younger years. It would seem that he had not lost his edge after all this time. Charles carefully felt his forehead for the gash above his left eye. The wound was already scabbed over and had stopped bleeding. A little overindulgence had paid off after all. He gave the den a quick once-over, taking note of the damages. Furniture was smashed, a few art pieces were going to have to be replaced, and the bar was a wreck. Yet not of that really mattered. What he wanted to know was how those two managed to get in without tripping the alarms. He brushed his disheveled hair away from his face and glanced down. His hands were coated in blood, his clothing was torn and even without a reflection he knew he must look like someone who had just come out of a war. This was not what he had in mind when he wanted to get away from it all for a couple of days. Ah hell, he needed a drink. Ignoring the fragmented glass that crackled underfoot Charles picked his way around the upturned furniture and headed straight for the refrigerated blood rack. What he saw hiding behind the bar made him stop dead in his tracks. The girl, Abigail, was curled up in a ball, rocking back and forth cradling her scorched hands to her chest. Charles frowned as he took stock of what he was seeing. The burn marks on her hands clicked in his head and after glancing at the crackling fireplace, he realized what had happened. During the fight the girl must have grabbed one of the flaming logs and used it to set his attacker aflame, thereby saving his neck at the risk of her own. Had the fire gotten ahold of her she would have been incerated within seconds. She had saved his life. A newborn vampire. Well, that was something he did not experience every day. \"Are you alright?\" He asked as he moved toward her. Abigail whimpered as she tensed her shoulders in an attempt to become as small as possible. \"It's okay. Everything's fine now. They're gone.\" He said gently as he lowered himself to the ground in front of her. \"Here, let me see.\" \"No.\" The girl shook her head and pressed into the corner in order to hide her hands from view. Her black hair hid her face but Charles could tell that she was crying. Her bloody tears were dripping off her chin. \"I know it hurts and I can make it better. You're going to have to trust me. It's all right. I promise.\" Charles said as he reached over and carefully laid his hand on her shoulder. Abigail flinched under his touch but when Charles didn't remove his hand she slowly turned and glanced at him. Thin red streaks ran down her face, contrasting with the bright gold of her eyes. Charles had to stop himself from brushing her tears away, just as he would when Abigail would come to him with tear-filled eyes and a scraped knee. \"Promise?\" She asked him in a quavering voice as she gingerly showed him her shaking blistered hands, burned a bright shiny red that clashed with the alabaster tone of her skin. It was painful to look at. \"Of course.\" ","Summary":" Hello Sportsfans! Sam Neill's character, Charles Bromley, has certainly caught my attention. Big ti"},{"Movie":"Daybreakers","Title":"A New World","Author":"pirateluver","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6531710","Passage":"[Chapter 1] -1Prologue: I never thought something like this would happen. A world of vampires, in movies sure, but not in real life. But that's what happened, it was an experiment gone wrong, they found how to stop cancer but made a monster. I lost my parents to the vamps and their blood farm. I wasn't home when the vamps had attacked I was out at a my best friend Ayden's for the night only to return home the next day to find them gone. They came next for Ayden's parents and we knew we would be next so we fled. We destroyed our homes and ran. We've been hiding ever since. For three years now we've been on the run while the humans continue to run out. There is a rumor that some human researchers are actually fixed vamps trying to figure out how to fix the world but rumors like that are ignore now days. Most of us are just trying to last till the vampires create a blood substitute. At this rate Ayden and I won't live to be twenty and that's only two years away. We travel by day and hide in the most protected places we can find by night, we've almost been caught hundreds of times but managed to get away. Now and then we meet up with others but most of the time we are alone and we like it that way. We always figured we would end up together and of course we did. We are the only family we have left. We will protect each other with our lives, and that's enough. It has to be. It's all we have.[Chapter 2] Chapter One: \"Ayden! Ayden where the hell are you?\" I hissed crawling through the underbrush of the forest floor. His soft laugh drifted through the air calming my nerves. \"Right here silly. Don't worry,\" his face popping upon front of me. Sliding back quickly I glared at him. \"You should know better than to sneak up on me. Especially now days!\" I hissed. Ayden smiled at me and placed one arm protectively around my shoulders. \"I'm not gonna let anything happen to you Ella, you are too important,\" he replied, \"I'm gonna scope out you stay here 'k?\" Before I could protest Ayden slithered away into the darkness and unknown. I could hear the twigs scraping the dirt floor as his feet kicked them over his new path. \"Not gonna let anything happen…sure,\" I whispered crouching down, pressing my sun kissed skin into the dirt. It was silent for a while, no movement, even the crickets had gone silent. Then the eerie feeling pressed down, they had come…they found us. \"Ayden…Ayden!\" I whispered into the darkness. \"What the-\" I heard a gun go off, \"Ella RUN!\" I scrambled backwards through the bushes and jumped to my feet running towards where I saw the flames of a burning vampire. A strong arm wrapped around my waist pulling me back words. \"LET ME GO!\" I screamed lashing out, a hand clamped over my mouth as my holder continued backwards. \"Shut up Ella,\" Ayden whispered quietly, as he pulled us backwards. I relaxed slightly before turning my attention back to scanning for vampires. \"Where are they?\" I whispered turning my head quickly left and right. \"I'm not sure. There were only two that attacked me but something says there are more on the way,\" he replied as we melted into the shadows. \"Next time, I go with you,\" I muttered turning to face him as he let go of my waist. \"It's to-\" \"I don't care if you think it is dangerous, I'm going,\" I replied stubbornly. I heard him sigh but nothing else, I over to a tree leaning against it waiting for his next idea. \"Look, let's just get somewhere safer than the ground and sleep, we can figure everything else out in the morning ok?\" he said, I didn't like waiting, not when tomorrow could be our last day but I didn't argue. \"Ok,\" I felt his finger intertwine with mine and he squeezed my hand reassuringly. \"Don't worry Ella. I'm always here, I'll always protect you.\" I woke up to the early dawn light drifting through tree leaves, I rolled over feeling my back dig into the trunk. I sat up to get a bearing of my surroundings, Ayden had helped me get situated in the crater between roots while he searched for better shelter. I pulled myself up and started wandering through the trees, we were in the middle of no where. I didn't see any form of shelter within easy walking distance not that should have been a surprise. Most places were destroyed if they weren't in the city, the vamps tried to make it harder for the resistance to hide. \"Ayden?\" I called retracing our steps from last night. I came across where I had been hiding, about a hundred yards away I could see a pile of ashes from where Ayden had been attacked the night before. I continued to wander when I got the feeling of someone following me. I could hear footsteps, they were too loud to be Ayden, to careless…I heard voices and man and a woman's. \"All I'm saying is it is dangerous for you to be risking your neck like that Edward,\" the woman's voice said. I spotted a tree with plenty of leaves in the upper boughs I ran for it hoisting myself up and situating on a branch as the two came closer. The man was about Ayden's height so around six feet, he had longish black hair and a semi sun kissed complexion. The girl was tall as well maybe five feet and eight inches tall, she had long straight brown hair. She was tan as well but much more so that the man or even me for that matter. \"Look, if this cure is gonna work we need to test it. My brother died to save us that day. It's only fair that I test the theory,\" the man, Edward, replied. \"I knew it! This is all for Frankie. He wouldn't want you wasting your life on a possible theory. He would want you to be able to live through this,\" the girl replied. \"Look Audrey, I know you disagree but you aren't gonna win this. Just let it go, the faster we get back to the safe house the better,\" the two disappeared from my view and I let out a tiny sigh of relief. They were researchers, with a cure for the vamps? Was that even possible? \"Ella? Estella!\" I dropped down from the tree running towards where I heard Ayden's voice. \"I'm here,\" I called, basically colliding with Ayden. \"Don't do that. Jesus, I thought they had gotten you,\" he muttered. \"Nope, I'm still kicking. But I did find out something. Two people, and man and a woman just walked by. They were researchers, they have a safe house…Ayden I think we should follow them. Hide out until we know if they are trust worthy,\" I said, Ayden's face was a mask of mistrust. \"I dunno Ella,\" he was thinking back to our last meet up attempt, the group had gotten attacked and we had barley escaped. \"They were different Ayden. Something about them, they were only a little older then us…twenty-three maybe. There is no harm in following…\" I said. \"Are you sure they didn't know you were there?\" he asked. \"I'm not one hundred percent positive, but I'm pretty sure they didn't know,\" I said. Ayden sighed but I guess the hopeful expression on my face won over. \"Alright, we will watch them a couple of days before we decide ok?\" he compromised, I nodded enthusiastically. He wrapped his arm around my shoulder kissing the top of my head. \"Which way did they go?\" I pulled him in the direction of the tree I climbed and then off in the direction they had taken. They were a ways off, but the barren landscape allowed us to keep them in eyesight pretty easily which was comforting for Ayden not having to get super close. We traveled in silence, gazing at each other every once in a while. In my case hugging him randomly just to make sure he was real and not my imagination. He liked when I did that, it made him feel like I needed his protection. We kept walking until an hour before dark, that's when the safe house the two we were following disappeared came into view. We picked up our pace happy to be back among trees again than out in the open air as we had been all day. Ayden gave me a boost up into a tall tree making sure I was invisible from the ground before pulling himself into a tree, I leaned back and listened as slowly but surely all the sounds in the house went silent just in time for sundown. The wildlife never picked up that night, I heard the cracks of vampires wandering the forest below us but thankfully the tree provided enough protection that my scent didn't float down to them. I fell asleep at some point I'm not exactly sure when, but a peaceful nights sleep was not in store for me. \"ELLA JUMP!\" Ayden screamed.[Chapter 3] Chapter Two: \"Get off me!\" Ayden screamed, I shot up eyes wide as I scanned the ground. \"Where's the girl?\" a voice hissed, I glanced through the trees to see Ayden being shoved against the tree I was hiding in. \"I don't know what you're talking about. What girl?\" he hissed. \"The one you are traveling with, Estella. Where is she?\" the vampire hissed shifting his hand to Ayden's throat. \"I'm not traveling with anyone,\" Ayden replied shoving the vampire off him into the tree. \"Her scent is here. We can smell her,\" the vampire hissed, \"Tell us where she is and we will pretend we never saw you.\" \"Maybe she stayed here but not with me,\" Ayden said his hand slipping to the back of his belt toward his flare gun. \"No, don't…\" I whispered. \"What was that?\" a vampire hissed glancing up at my tree. \"Climb the tree,\" Ayden glanced over at me with panic in his eyes. The vampire smiled viciously before climbing up the tree quickly. Panicked I climbed higher trying to find a hidden branch where if I was found would break. \"Up, up, up we go,\" whispered the vampire, my eyes were glued to his head as I hid myself amongst the branches. \"Anything?\" the vampire holding Ayden called up toward his scout in my tree. \"No, but I can smell her. And it's fresh,\" the scout replied. My heart began to race as I glanced down towards the ground, I was over two hundred feet up, and if I landed wrong, jumping from here could kill me. The scout was gaining on me, and I had to make a decision and quickly. Glancing down I met eyes with Ayden, he shook his head slightly telling me not to jump but I had no other choice. I had maybe three seconds before the scout spotted me. I climbed up one more limb and scooted towards the end of the branch to steady myself. \"Hey boys…\" I called the vampires eyes shot up to where I was standing in the tree, \"I hear you are looking for me.\" \"Girl,\" one vamp hissed starting up the tree as well. Estella don't I flinched; it had been ages since my father's voice had rand through my head when I was doing something reckless. Please sweetheart, don't do this. \"You left me,\" I whispered keeping my eyes on the advancing vampires, \"this is the only way to save Ayden. I can't be alone.\" Without a second thought I stepped backwards and dropped off the branch toward the ground. \"ELLA!\" Ayden's screams rushed to my ears, but I closed my eyes as I waited for the hard thud against the ground. \"I gotcha!\" a voice whispered, I lashed out feeling arms holding me against someone's chest. \"No-\" a hand clamped over my mouth. \"Shhhh…I'm not gonna hurt you. I'm here to help,\" I opened my eyes and recognized the face of the man I had seen earlier. I stopped fighting as I stared at him, he was different up close. I didn't let myself forget what was happening though, I stumbled out of his arms. \"Ayden…\" I whispered starting for the trees. \"Are you crazy? You can't go back in there,\" Edward hissed, I was surprised I remembered his name but I did. \"My friend…no he is my brother. He is the only family I have, you don't understand,\" I could feel tears welling up in my eyes; \"I can't lose him. I have to save him,\" I replied. \"Well you're not going alone,\" the girl from earlier, Audrey, I think her name was stepped from the shadows. \"I don't need help,\" I hissed. \"No, I can see that. But there are too many, and they are looking for you,\" Edward replied, \"You need us, even if you don't want to admit it. You know it's true.\" I stared at them; this was not the time for an argument with strangers. \"Fine,\" I replied starting for the trees again the two of them close behind me. The sound of a punch being thrown echoed in the trees. \"Where did she go?\" someone yelled. \"I don't-…I don't know,\" Ayden replied his voice ragged, it made me hurt. They were torturing him for me…why me? \"Don't lie to us again. Where is she?\" I peeked through the branches of the tree I was hiding in; Ayden was being held against a tree across the clearing, his arms being held by two vamps while a third stood in front of him. \"You know the same amount I do. She jumped, please that's all I know. We never made meet up plans. We have never been separated before. Just please…that's all I know,\" Ayden replied his voice hoarse. My hand slipped to the flare gun in my waistband, I glanced over to where Edward and Audrey stood, both carrying guns as well. Don't be stupid Estella! \"Oh shut up,\" I whispered before stepping from behind my cover hiding the gun behind my back. \"It's never a good idea to mess with someone's family boys,\" I called. Who I assumed to be the leader vamp, or at least the one giving orders spun around giving me a sneer. \"The girl lives I see,\" he snarled, I glanced at Ayden, one of his eyes was swollen shut and he had several cuts a bruises on his face. \"Yes, you didn't think a fall like that would kill me? Did you? I mean you vamps aren't the only special ones,\" I smirked; Ayden threw me his 'don't get cocky' look. But I wasn't cocky not this time…I was just mad, furious that they would hurt him like that. \"No, but I didn't think you would be foolish enough to come back here,\" the vamp replied. \"Well you are screwing with my family. So yeah, I come back,\" I replied. \"First mistake little girl, there is no family. Unless you are one of us,\" he replied. I laughed, I couldn't help myself, and the way he talked made it impossible to take him seriously. \"Mistake? And you have families? Please like that is possible,\" I replied shifting the gun in my hand. \"Well you mortals shall I call you don't have families how could you? You are fighting to stay alive,\" he hissed. \"Did you think about this smart one? We don't have families, your kind runs out of blood and if you run out of blood you become even more dammed than before. I've seen them, the monsters who live in the sewers, they are disgusting. You wanna end up like them keep doing what you are doing,\" I was smarting off but I didn't care the longer I kept them from hurting Ayden the better. \"You've got a big mouth girl,\" the leader replied. \"I've been told. Used to get me in trouble…a lot of trouble back before your kind killed my parents,\" I replied. The vampire laughed and started towards me, I backed up slightly but stopped myself and held my ground, \"What's so funny?\" \"My dear child. Your parents aren't dead,\" he replied, I stared at him. \"I saw their bodies, I buried them. They are dead,\" I replied my voice going flat. \"Oh really then why are we right here?\" I spun around, blocking my only exit stood my parents. But they weren't my parents anymore, they were the very things I hated. Vampires.[Chapter 4] Chapter Three: \"No… you can't be,\" I whispered backing away slightly. \"What do you mean we can't be?\" my mother replied laughing. \"I buried you. You were dead for days before I put you in the ground,\" I hissed. \"Sweetie, to be like us you must be patient. We knew it would be too hard on you if you knew we were like this,\" my mother started. \"So we pretended,\" my father interrupted. \"You pretended…you pretended,\" I repeated. \"Yes sweetie, we pretended,\" my mother replied. \"But now we can be together again.\" \"So let me get this straight. You pretended to be dead, let your daughter bury you and then came back to life. Then, even though you knew that I hated Vampiers, you sent your…your monsters after me. And now you expect me to just come back to you?\" I asked taking a step back towards the trees but I felt a pair of cold hands latch onto my shoulders and push me forward. Backing out not gonna work…it would be really nice if my \"helpers\" would step in now… \"Sweetheart, you have to come back to us. Your human population is dying out. Join us, you and Ayden both. Stay with us, you will be safe and free,\" my father replied. \"I'll be safe and free… we have more freedom than we ever had before,\" I hissed. \"I can see that,\" my mother laughed coldly. \"Oh really,\" I said stepping forward, \"you can see the freedom…then why are you trying to change me?\" \"It is for your safety… I couldn't bear to see your body in the blood farm,\" my father replied. \"But hunting me down that's okay right,\" I replied. \"Sweetie…\" my mother started. \"No! Let Ayden go…\" I hesitated looking at Ayden before facing my parents again. \"Let Ayden go and I'll go with you.\" \"Ella no!\" Ayden yelled, the vamps around me started to chuckle. \"Will you? Really?\" my mother asked her expression hopeful. \"If you let Ayden go and you stop hunting him, then yes I'll go with him,\" I replied. \"Let him go,\" my father said motioning towards Ayden. I glanced over at him and watched the vamps holding him to the tree as the dropped his arms. I ran towards him and gave him a hug. \"What are you doing?\" he whispered in my ear holding me close. \"Trust me… just go,\" I replied quietly stepping away and kissing him on the cheek. He stared at me his eyes sad. \"You are free to go Ayden,\" my mother called. A portion of the vamps made a break in the circle they had formed around us. \"Thanks…\" he said starting towards the break. I watched him go, I could feel tears welling up even though I knew that I would be with him by the end of the night, if everything followed my plan. I glanced back towards my parents before scanning the trees. I noticed Edward and Audrey in a thicket of bushed behind my parents. That's my way out… \"Thank you…\" I whispered walking towards my parents. \"Anything for my angel,\" my father replied, I cringed at the old nickname my father had for me. I locked my gaze with Edward through my parents and I nodded slightly. I saw him turn to Audrey before I fixed my gaze on my parents. I have to buy them time. Just have to figure out how. My mother ran forward and pulled me into a tight hug. I returned the hug forcing myself to smile than cringe away from her. \"I'm so glad you understand sweetheart,\" my mother said, \"we've missed you so much. Your father and I have been so worried about you.\" \"I thought you were dead,\" I replied coldly. \"You'll understand one day. I promise,\" my father replied. \"Just like you will understand this,\" I replied stepping away from them as Edward, Audrey, and Ayden stepped out from the trees guns out. I pulled out my gun pointing it at my parents. The vamps around us started to movie forward towards us. \"Take one more step and I'll shoot!\" \"Estella!\" my mother yelled her expression horrified. \"I'll do it I swear! Having you dead is better than knowing that you are vamps,\" I hissed cocking my gun and holding my aim true at my mother. \"You won't win,\" my father replied coldly. \"She's not alone,\" Ayden replied. My parents spun around and backed up several spaces before remembering that I was there and turning back to me. \"Why… what did we do to upset you?\" my mother asked. \"You won't win trying to play innocent mother,\" I hissed. \"You know perfectly well what you did. You betrayed me, lied to me and now you expect me to come with you? Are your really that stupid?\" \"Estella! You do not talk to your mother like that!\" my father yelled. \"My mother is dead to me, and so is my father,\" I replied. My parents stared at me, their faces a mixture of shock, hurt, and anger. \"Ella…sweetie we were only thinking of you,\" my mother whispered. \"Yeah? Well don't, she's well taken care of,\" Ayden hissed walking around my parents and coming around my parents to stand by my side. \"Like you were doing such a good job,\" my father replied. I started towards them but Ayden grabbed the back of my shirt pulling me back. \"Easy,\" he muttered. \"You know what you stay with him. But he will never care about you Ella,\" my mother said. \"You don't know how I feel about Ella. You can't even pretend to know,\" Ayden hissed. I stepped in front of him keeping him from reacting to what they were saying. I caught Edward's eye and he nodded. \"Go to hell,\" I hissed shooting off my gun hitting my mother directly in the stomach. She looked at me for a split second before she burst into flames with a scream. \"NO!\" my father screamed. Chaos ensued around me with the vamps charging us, Ayden shot off at my father but he had already sprinted out of range. Suddenly Edward was behind me pulling on my arm. \"We can lose them in the trees and get into safety. But not unless we move now!\" Edward yelled grabbing my arm and pulling me towards the trees. \"Ayden! Ayden!\" I screamed, he turned towards me and ran towards us grabbing my hand and pulling me along. We made it into the trees, the crash of the vamps behind us keeping us running on pure fear of stopping. We ran for what seemed like hours but was probably only mere minutes before the crashing of the following vamps faded. Edward finally stopped running when we reached an opening in the forest. He turned towards us, Audrey behind him, letting us catch our breath for a moment before saying anything. \"Who are you? And how the hell did you find us?\" ","Summary":" -1Prologue: I never thought something like this would happen. A world of vampires, in movies sure, "},{"Movie":"Imagine Me & You","Title":"Solo amigas","Author":"Nathja","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10118526","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Capitulo 1: Mejores Amigas Al ver su sonrisa me siento completa, al escuchar su voz estoy en paz, al verla mi corazón se acelera, solo con saber que está ahí me hace feliz. ¿Alguna vez han sentido esto por alguien?, yo lo siento todo el tiempo por ella, pero hay un pequeño detalle… ella es mi mejor amiga y le gustan los chicos. Tampoco quiero una relación con ella… bueno si, pero temo perder su amistad. Solo quiero que ella sea feliz. Hoy es nuestro último día de vacaciones, mañana comienzan las clases. Alice y yo vamos al mismo colegio, aunque no estamos en la misma clase, ella es un año mayor que yo. Tierra llamando a Daniela –dijo Alice golpeando mi cabeza- que te sucede hoy andas muy distraídas, en que piensas? Hoy es nuestro ultimo día de vacaciones –dije con un tono de angustia- tendremos que estudiar y no podremos subir aquí –normalmente subíamos un cerro en donde podemos ver toda la ciudad es como nuestro lugar secreto- Pero nos veremos todos los recreos y podremos ir a comer sushi en el almuerzo –sonrió y una pequeña briza movió su hermoso cabello rubio- mañana vamos a comer sushi yo invito, Dani confiesa que es lo que pasa por que no cambias esa cara Ali –tenía un nudo en la garganta pero tenia que decirlo- esto es muy difícil de decir, además eres la primera persona que se lo digo. Sabes que puedes contar conmigo para lo que sea –tenía un tono de preocupación- Soy … -cerré los ojos- lesbiana Sentí sus brazos en mi cuello, llevo mi cabeza a su pecho, acaricio mi cabello. Gracias por confiar en mi –su voz sonaba dulce, me tranquilizaba- siempre serás mi mejor amiga Permanecimos en silencio hasta cuando empezó a atardecer, estuve todo ese tiempo recostada en su regazo, era cómodo y muy relajante. Como ya atardecía debía ir a casa, nos despedimos y caminamos en distintas direcciones. Unos 30 segundos después de eso voltee y la vi alejándose. Alice –grite y corrí hacia ella, volteo, salte y la abrase como un koala- Daniela sigues siendo la misma estúpida de siempre –reímos y cada una continúo su camino- \"SIEMPRE SERAS MI MEJOR AMIGA\" Esas palabras se repetian en mi mento a cada rato, no podia dejar de pensar en ello, casi me atropellan dee camino a casa por lo distraida que estaba. al llegar a casa tome una ducha para intentar sacarlo de mi cabeza, pero no resulto. Subi a mi cuarto me tumbe en la cama a pensa. \"siempre sere su amiga, yo quiero ser mas que eso. Pero ella no me ama, solo me quiere como amiga, a ella le gustan los hombres, nunca le interesaria alguien como yo, nunca le interesaria una mujer, pero yo la amo, por que no me ama, que debo hacer.\" De tanto pensar comenze a llorar, las lagrimas rcorrian mis mejillas con lentitud. todo esto me dolia y no sabia que hacer. cerre los ojos y me quede dormida. Bueno esto fue el primer capítulo de mi historia, espero que les guste, los personajes son míos y bla bla bla. es bastante corto pero es la presentacion.[Chapter 2] Dia de Discursos Recorrer estos pasillos después de dos meses de vacaciones se siente un poco raro, estoy ansiosa es mi primer día de clases y lo mejor que en el recreo veré a Alice. Entro a la clase como si nada, buscando un lugar donde sentarme. Daniiii-Gritan a la fundación de la sal de aqui Son Josué y Alan mis mejores amigos, sonrió al verlos. Alan vive siempre en la luna, ama todo lo que tenga que ver con astronomía por eso se auto bautizo NEBULOSIS como las nebulosas, es un Gamer total por eso lo quiero. Josué o más conocido como Jo, algunos le dicen emo vengador pero esa es otra historia, es un Otaku amante del anime yuri, punto que tenemos en común. Son un par de idiotas pero a mí me caen bien, como los chicos son un poco antisociales siempre nos sentamos al fondo de la sala, siempre yo al centro. Yo: Hola chicos, ¿que cuentan? Jo: Números Alan: ya empezaste con tus chistes fomes ¬¬ Jo: ya señor Nebulosis no se enoje solo es una bromita Yo: que clase tenemos ahora? Alan: un aburrido discurso de inicio de año :/ Yo: odio esas cosas me aburren mucho, ¿qué tal si nos escapamos y vamos a hablar al laboratorio?, quiero contarles algo. Jo: apoyo la idea de la señorita Daniela Alan: mmm que misteriosa, que será tan importante, tal vez… estés embarazada. Jo: a ver ¿Quién es el padre? –dijo con un tono de curiosidad- Yo: par de idiotas, no es eso ¬¬ Alan cambio el tema y empezó a hablar de una nueva consola que saldría este año. Mientras yo pensaba como se lo tomarían lo de mi sexualidad, seguramente se lo tomarían para bien y me trolearían un rato. Decidí mirar mi celular, no habían mensajes importantes, nada interesante, hasta que me di cuenta de la hora. Yo: CHICOS SON LAS 7:57 –Grite- hay que salir rápido de aquí e ir a algún lugar donde podamos estar en paz. Jo: vamos a la cancha, eso solo lo ocupan para días especiales. Alan: si serás idiota. Hoy todo el mundo estará ahí reunido para el discurso de apertura, deberíamos ir al laboratorio seguramente ahí no habrá ni un alma. Y así es como cruzamos medio colegio en menos de 2 min corriendo al laboratorio, como Nebulosis tenía una copia guardada de la llave no nos fue difícil entrar. Estaba todo en orden, nos Sentamos sobre los mesones. Sentía un nudo en la garganta, ese miedo que sentí con Alice era el mismo que sentía ahora. Alan: y esas son las ventajas de haber estado en el club de astronomía, poder entrar al laboratorio cuando se me dé la gana. Jo: pero aun así eres un debilucho –dijo mientras reía- pero no estamos aquí para hablar de cómo copiaste la llave del laboratorio, si no para hablar quien es el padre del hijo que espera Daniela. Yo: QUE NO ESTOY EMBARAZADA! –este par de idiotas me saca de quicio- Alan: ya emo vengador tranquilo deja que la niña hable –dijo con ese tono serio de padre- Yo: gracias Alan –ahora o nunca son mis mejores amigos, nos conocemos hace años, ni que fueran extraños para sentirme tan nerviosa- Chicos soy les –mi voz se corto, cerré los ojos y de mi boca salieron las palabras tan normalmente como saludar- soy lesbiana. Esperaba un silencio incomodo pero fue todo lo contrario Josué no tardo nada en comenzar a trolearme, normalmente me monetaria pero en este caso me relajo. Jo: muy bien mujer iré por mi cámara y te grabare con tu novia, yo sabía que te gustaba la rubia de la Ali. Alan: tranquila amo la luna por ser ella no por estar llena, menguante o nueva –siempre tan filosófico- Yo: no me gusta Alice par de idiotas –Sentía que me sonrojaba cada vez más- Alan: entonces quien te gusta? –dijo con un tono medio burlón- Jo: acaso eres idiota no vez como le brillan los ojo cada vez que ve a la rubia y como se sonroja cuando la molesto con ella –Alan le golpeo con su codo intentando que yo no lo percibiera- ya bueno no te molesto mas pero tienes que enviarme fotos con alguna chica. Yo: gracias son el mejor par de idiotas del mundo –sonreí. Afuera en el pasillo se escucharon algunos pasos, pensé que era algún inspector. Nos miramos entre los tres y no escondimos tras un mesón a la espera que los pasos se alejaran. Se escucho el ruido que hace la llave en la cerradura, se abrió la puerta entraron dos personas, no sabía si eran profesores o alumnos, hombres o mujeres solo escuchaba sus pisadas. Sentí una palmada en mi hombro, era Josué que me hacia señales para que mirara. Me deslice lentamente hacia la esquina del mesón, intentaba respirar lentamente para que no me escucharan, llegue a la esquina y mire con cautelosamente. Eran dos chicos uno de ellos era Esteban de ultimo año y el otro creo que era de segundo pero no estaba segura. Esteban era bastante conocido pero era todo un misterio. El es un chico alto, pelirrojo, de cabello liso y ojos azules, a pesar de ser muy popular entre las mujeres nunca se le había visto con alguna novia. Muchos rumores recorrían el colegio sobre este chico, algunos decían que era gay, otros que era una chica que ingería pastillas para verse mas masculina y que sus padres aceptaban todo esto por eso la matricularon como Esteban, también hablaban de que tenia complejo de Edipo y estaba enamorado de su madre, y algunos idiotas decían que era zoofilico y que iba al parque después de clase a violar animales. Pero no era muy cercano a nadie en su salón así que aun continúa siendo un misterio. El otro chico no sabía su nombre pero lo había visto en algunas actividades cuando reunían a todos los cursos del mismo nivel. Debe medir 1.75, es delgado y su cabello es negro. Mas allá no se de él, solo es una persona normal, común y corriente. Esteban acariciaba la cabeza de su compañero mientras se abrazaban. Acercaban sus cabezas lentamente y comenzaron a besarse. No podíamos seguir aquí o se pondría peor ya se empezaban a escuchar unos leves gemidos. Fue en ese momento cuando me arme de valor y me pare. -PAREN! – grite, los dos chicos reaccionaron aterrados, estaban en estado de shock ninguno de los dos podía decir ninguna palabra, los ojos cafés del chico estaban llenos de lagrimas. -Discúlpenme les juro que no diré nada los entiendo somos de la misma especie –sus caras empezaron a relajarse- hay dos personas más aquí, nosotros queremos salir, ellos aun no los ven que tal si se sientan detrás de algún mesón y nosotros salimos, y aquí nunca paso nada. -Está bien –respondió el más pequeño tomando del brazo a Esteban. Espere que los dos amantes se escondieran, hice una seña a Josué y Alan para que se levantaran. Salimos silenciosamente y cerramos la puerta. Una vez afuera empezamos a caminar sin dirección clara, ninguno hablaba, todos entendíamos que teníamos que alejarnos lo más posible del laboratorio para hablar de esto. Así fue como llegamos a una sala vacía, estaba alejada del lugar donde hacían la ceremonia de inicio de clases así que estaríamos a salvo. -¿Quiénes eran? –pregunto Alan sentándose sobre una mesa. -Unos chicos de tercero creo –dije algo nerviosa intentando inventar algo coherente para proteger la identidad de los chicos, aunque confiaba en Alan y Jo les había dado mi palabra. -¿Y cómo eran? –pregunto Josué algo incrédulo -Deberían medir ambos 1.80, uno de ellos tenía el pelo rubio y el otro castaño rizado –Lo único que espero es que no conocieran alguien con esas características. -No he visto chicos como esos –dijo pensativamente Alan- tal vez sean nuevos. -Yo creo –Dije, para mi conveniencia me salvo la campana. -Volvamos al salón –Dijo Jo moviendo el brazo para que los siguiéramos. Mientras caminábamos pensaba en que sería bueno hablar con Esteban y el otro muchacho, aunque sería difícil poder hablar con Esteban sin que todo el mundo esté pendiente de lo que hablamos. Así que mí única oportunidad seria hablar con el otro muchacho cuyo nombre aun no sé, la única información que tengo es que esta en segundo año como yo, pero hay 6 cursos por nivel y supongo que él me estará evitando. -Daniela te busque todo el discurso –levante la mirada estábamos en el pasillo donde está ubicado nuestro salón, era Jane. Jane es una chica un año menor que yo. Nos conocimos hace dos años en una convención de dibujo grafico. Descubrimos que estudiábamos en el mismo colegio así que empezamos la tradición de enviarnos un dibujo todas las semanas, ahí también escribíamos cosas sobre nuestra vida y nos fuimos haciendo cada vez más cercanas. El año pasado casi no la vi, ya que tuve que cambiarme a la Preparatoria, solo nos veíamos en algunas convenciones. Ahora por lo que veo entro a la misma prepa que yo. -¿Dónde estabas? –pregunto pasándome una hoja con un dibujo. -No quería escuchar el aburrido discurso así que me escape –dije tomando la hoja. Esa bolsa-que me haga saber la próxima sería un honor para alejarse de ti. -Como lo veo vamos a seguir nuestra tradición. -Sí, he mejorado mucho –mire su dibujo y era un panda con un cartel sujetado de un palo que decía \"suerte\". -Veo que si, ya no dibujas tan feo como antes. -Tú dibujas peor así que no digas nada –dijo algo enojada. -No te enojes pequeña si sabes que bromeo, tus dibujos me encantan. -Estoy en la sala del IºC, espero tu dibujo –se sonrojo un poco, se fue caminando rápido. -Nos vemos Jane-Grite. Bueno seguramente no alcanzare ver a Alice ya que su sala queda muy lejos de la mía y solo faltan 2 minutos para entrar a clases. Entre a la sala para hablar con algunos compañeros que no veía en todo el verano. Toco la campana y llego nuestro profesor jefe a darnos otro aburrido discurso. Es profesor de historia y sus discursos siempre hablan de alguna forma de su odio al comunismo. Saque un cuaderno y comencé a dibujar para entregárselo mas tarde a Jane. A ella le gustan mucho los magos, así que ocupe toda la clase en dibujar un mago. Además no podía hacer nada mas, porque Jo dormía y Nebulosis escuchaba atentamente. La campana, por fin podría ver a Alice -He chicos voy a la sala de Alice –dije levantándome de mi asiento. -Tengo hambre, yo te acompaño creo que la sala del IIIºD esta camino al casino –dijo Alan levantándose para seguirme. -A no me jodan no quiero estar solo –dijo algo molesto Jo. - EMO VENGADOR TE BUSCAN –grito un chico desde la puerta. Josué miro hacia la puerta y su cara se desfiguro. Es Ester su ex. Ella es una chica muy tierna pero algo suicida. Jo aun estaba enamorado de ella, aunque el había terminado con ella, era una por su salud metal. No es muy grato salir con alguien que se intenta suicidar cada tres días. Alan y yo mirábamos atentamente lo que pasaba. Cuando ya los vimos alejarse lo suficiente, Alan dijo: -Vamos tengo hambre –dijo mientras caminaba hacia la puerta. Caminamos hablando de cosas random hasta la sala de Alice. Escuche a Elías llamar a Alice, al instante vi salir a Ali con Elías. -Hola Danielita –dijo Elías abrazándome con esa lentitud que lo caracteriza. Elías es muy amigo de Ali desde que recuerdo. Es muy abrazable porque es un poco gordito, así que siempre que lo veo tengo la tentación de abrazarlo. -Elías –dije devolviéndole el abrazo. -Disculpen por interrumpir su momento romántico pero tengo hambre –dijo Alan un poco irritado – Elías acompáñame a comprar. -Ok dale vamos –Respondió siguiéndolo. -Hola pequeña cuanto has crecido –Dijo Alice despeinándome. Ayer en la sierra-jerk respuesta cortantemente. -No te enojes si te quiero –dijo abrazándome- no se te olvide que vamos a ir a comer sushi, te iré a buscar a tu sala. -No se me va olvidar mujer –Empecé a caminar- Vamos donde los chicos a pedirles comida. Ester me tomo del brazo y me llevo hasta un pasillo donde se podía ver todo el patio. Mi corazón latía rápido, creo que aun siento algo por ella. -¿Como haz estado?, te veo mas fuerte –Dijo poniendo esa sonrisa de gato que tanto me enamora. -Bien, si he hecho un poco de ejercicio –Ella me seguía mirando con esos profundos ojos cafés que la caracterizan. -Josué he cambiando –Me abrazo- ya no soy la misma chica tonta de antes. -Aun te quiero –Estaba confundido no sabía que quería ella. -Adiós tengo cosas que hacer –Dijo mientras caminaba desapareciendo entre los pasillos. Ahora toca ingles y mas aburridos discursos de una profesora homofóbica. Al entrar a la sala encontré a Josué sentado, tenía la capucha del poleron puesta, eso significa que no quería hablar o que estaba durmiendo. Con Alan nos miramos y decidimos hacer como si el no estuviera ahí, hasta que él quisiera hablarnos. Paso lentamente la clase, se me hiso eterna, aparte de los odiosos discursos de la Miss, estaba el tenso ambiente que imponía Josué. Toco la campana, busque la hoja donde había dibujado el mago, la tome y me despedí de Alan, ya que no teníamos clases en la tarde. Me iba a despedir de Jo pero el ya se había ido sin decir ni una palabra. Sali rapidamete de la sala y la vi ahí estaba ella esperándome, no pude evitar sonreir. -Tengo que pasar a dejarle esto a una amiga –Dije mostrándole la hoja- ¿me acompañas? -Ya vamos –Respondió tomando la hoja- ¿Para quién es esto? -Para Jane, la chica de los dibujas de la que te he hablado –estábamos caminando en dirección a la sala de Jane. -Tus dibujos me dan cáncer –Dijo riéndose. -Bueno pues a ella le gustan –Estaba algo enojada- Además los dibujos no causan cáncer, con eso no se juega. -Ya pero no se enoje –Me pego una palmadita en la espada para que me tranquilizara. -Jane! –Ella estaba en el pasillo caminado a la salida- Toma! -no es necesario gritar –Dijo acercándose a mi. -Bueno toma –estire la mano para pasarle el dibujo. -Gracias, bueno tengo que irme, adiós –Dijo y se alejo caminando rápido. -Okey eso fue raro –Dijo Ali caminando en dirección a la salida- Creo que le gustas y se puso celosa por mi presencia. -Las cosas que pasan por tu mente –reí incrédula- ya vamos a comprar sushi. Compramos los favoritos de Alice, yo no me quejo por que igual son mis favoritos. Fuimos a comer a una plaza cercana al colegio. Nos sentamos en una banca de piedra junto a un árbol. -Hay 16, 8 para cada una –Dijo Alice abriendo la bandeja. -Se nota que amas el sushi –reí. Así fue como comimos tranquilamente. Llego un perro callejero, se sentó frente a nosotras, inclino su cabeza como si nos pidiera de comer. Nos miramos conmovidas y no dudamos en darle un roll de comer, el perro nos movió la cola y se fue. Solo quedaba un roll, la guerra había empezado. Tome mis palitos y los enterré en el roll. Lo lleve a mi boca, solo alcance a tomarlo con los dientes cuando Alice tomo mi mandíbula con su mano de una forma que no me dejaba masticar. Tome su brazo intentando quitar su mano de mi cara, pero resultaba inútil. Ella movió su otro brazo para quitar el roll de mi boca pero yo la detuve con mi otro brazo. Si no hubiera sido por el árbol que estaba a mi espalda estaría en el suelo. Esto es cosa seria estamos las dos sobre la banca, no puedo zafarme y ella no puede quitarme la comida. Alice se acerco lentamente hacia mi, su pierna estaba entre las mías, su cabeza cada vez se acercaba mas, mi corazón latía un rápido, hasta que abrió la boca y quito el roll, nuestros labios ronzaron. -Te vez tierna cuando te sonrojas –Dijo retrocediendo. -Idiota me duele la cara apretabas fuerte –Respondí sobando mi cara. -Bueno Dani me despido, hoy mi padre ara un asado –Se puso de pie- y no puedo llegar tarde a casa. -Así que siguieras comiendo –Dije poniéndome de pie- mándale saludos a tu hermanito de parte mía. -Nos vemos mañana –Se despidió de un beso en la mejilla y se fue. Y así fue como mi primer día de clases termino. No podía sacarme nuestro casi beso de la mente. Gracias por leer, creo que subiré un capitulo nuevo cada mes. Este está un poco a la rápida ya que lo escribí en dos días. Bueno aquí transcurrió solo un día, porque necesitaba presentarles a los personajes. Tengo que admitir que Esteban es muy Lindo *-*. Si se dan cuenta cambie la forma de escribir los diálogos al principio, no me gusto como quedo así que volví a la de siempre. ","Summary":" Capitulo 1: Mejores Amigas Al ver su sonrisa me siento completa, al escuchar su voz estoy en paz, a"},{"Movie":"Daybreakers","Title":"An Awakening","Author":"Metalfan616","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6234961","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I own nothing, I'm a poor student not a multi million dollar film company, so don't sue, I've got nothing but debt. None of the characters are mine, I was merely inspired by them. A/N This story is set before the film and centres on Elvis' reawakening as a human being with Audrey and the other human resistance members. I've stuck mostly to the way the film depicted the scene where he's thrown from the car and into the water but I have adjusted some things for my own purposes. The film was rated 18 in the UK which I feel gives me pretty much free reign with the rating on this, but it most likely won't get above a T rating. Anyone who thinks the rating is off just drop me a message and I may adjust it. I've started writing this without having read any Daybreakers fan fiction, so any similarity with other stories out there (and I'm assuming there may well be some) is purely coincidental. The updating on this will be sporadic probably so don't hold your breath for chapters any time too soon. I will do my best to update quickly though so long as the inspiration doesn't dry up. Constructive criticism is very much welcomed. This is not beta read so apologies for any errors, I have done my best to pick them up with multiple proof reads. The burning didn't stop the moment his body hit the water. Oh sure, the flames did, but the burning . . . It felt like the fire was coursing right through his veins, setting them alight, boiling the blood that had sat there cold and unmoving for near nine years. Eventually it was like the fire struck his heart and a pain like nothing he'd ever felt ripped through him even as his body began to bob back toward the surface and broke through the water. Under the water his pained scream had been muted but it welled up, gurgled, gasped as the water was driven violently from his lungs. But then he began to feel it. Under the pain that coursed through his body he could feel the frantic pounding in his chest. It was out of rhythm, sporadic, jumping, twitching like it didn't know the pattern to which it was meant to stick. For a few seconds he wondered if this was it, if this was what happened before he would burst into flames, exploding from the force of the sun. But then it began to calm. Slowly but surely, he felt his heart begin to return to its natural rhythm. He just managed to pull himself up onto the solid concrete platform that his flailing hands struck against and collapsed onto his back in a pool of water, gasping in air. He felt both fear and elation driving up through him like lava and then before he could even begin to get a grip on what was happening, the shock and pain from bursting through the windshield, the burning, the half drowning and his abstinence from human blood all took its toll and the world went black. Audrey enjoyed the opportunity to get out of the safe house during daylight hours. Mostly her work was done at night, patrolling for other humans who might have been flushed out of hiding by the vampire soldiers as they hunted. But today she was searching for tracks down by the river that would not likely have been visible at night. There had been a rumour in the air for three days now that a small band of humans was travelling down river away from the city and any opportunity to pick up knew recruits was worth taking. Numbers - and by default morale - had taken a hit recently with four good men captured on their last search and rescue mission. She was taking a risk moving alone, she knew, but they couldn't spare the manpower at the moment to send out more. And anyway, she reasoned, the chances of coming across a vampire team this far out from the city and during midday was highly unlikely. All the same, she made a point of keeping her guard up and moving within cover as much as possible. So far, nothing to suggest the presence of humans recently had jumped out at her. But she'd only been walking for an hour and wasn't anywhere near ready to give up hope yet. As she strode through the short, sun parched grass, Audrey shielded her eyes from the midday sun, smiling at its reassuring presence. As she glanced up towards the sky, something farther up ahead caught her attention. She edged closer, crouching a little and moving slower through the grass. It brushed silently against her jeans as she continued forward, narrowing her vision as the object became gradually clearer. The air shimmered from the heat of the day around it and obscured its shape somewhat, but with a little further cautious movement, eventually she was able to make out the vehicle. The car was a wreck. The front of it was entirely crumpled against the solid wooden frame of the fencing that separated her from the river. It was also, she noted, clearly owned by a vampire. The windscreen was shattered mostly, but the windows were still intact and entirely blacked out. As she looked closer, Audrey spotted the cameras mounted on the bodywork meaning it was one of the recently modified cars for daytime driving. Audrey became more cautious now and gripped the crossbow at her side tight between slightly damp palms. She crouched lower to the ground and surveyed the landscape around her. It appeared void of life, even the grass dead and parched, but she wasn't going to make any sudden movements. Feeling slightly more confident she raised the crossbow and stood, scanning the car and circling around it to try and see if anyone was left inside. The car was clearly empty and, she reasoned, any vampire in there would be nothing more than ash now that the sun was blazing straight in through the gaping hole in the windshield. Gradually, crossbow still up, she turned and stared around her. It was unusual for a vampire to be driving all the way out here. Perhaps they'd been on the trail of this group of humans too. Though this certainly didn't look like an official car, military or otherwise. Audrey lowered the crossbow eventually and approached the hood of the car where the metal was crunched up tight from the impact with the fence post. The wood had bent backwards and was splintered but had mostly stood firm despite the speed the car must have been travelling at. She glanced up from the hood of the car, following the direction it was pointing in and her eyes found a tunnel across the river, its solid concrete walls creating a forbidding darkness within that a vampire could have comfortably hidden in. And then she spotted something else. Audrey climbed quickly over the fence with an agility born from years of evading enemies and slid rapidly down the bank towards the water. She kept her crossbow raised with every forward movement however and stalled at the water's edge as something in her mind screamed at her to halt. What if this was a vampire? But no, she realised with a jolt of elation, it couldn't be. The man's arm - and from here she could tell that the body was indeed that of a man - was stretched out away from his body and sunlight fell upon his hand without it burning. She waded into the water, crossbow raised until she reached a point where the water came up to her chest and she struck out, swimming as fast as she could towards the tunnel, very aware of how exposed she was currently. She reached the darkness quickly however and hoisted herself up and onto the concrete platform without hesitation. The first thing she did was to whip the crossbow up in front of her and hold steady for a second staring into the darkness, straining her eyes for any danger that might be lurking there for her. After a couple of seconds where nothing moved, she reached out one hand, not moving the rest of her body and keeping her eyes on the darkness and crossbow up, reaching for the man's neck and feeling for a pulse. It fluttered faintly under her fingers but it was there none the less. He was alive. Barely. Lowering the crossbow finally, she set it down beside her feet and moved to the man's side. Audrey held back a gasp as she took in his features. Clearly he'd been involved in the crash, the glass fragments embedded in his skin and scattered in his sandy hair proved that, but it was the other injuries that were shocking. His face was cut, probably from the crash as well, but there were burns across most of his face as well as his neck. She looked closer and saw that his hands too were burnt. His clothes however looked relatively untouched by whatever flames had caused the injuries to his skin. She didn't have long to dwell on this mystery though, knowing that she had to get him away from here as quickly as possible lest the crash begin to draw in attention from any vampires in the area. She shook his limp body, trying to wake him, but he was out cold and apparently not coming round any time soon. Cursing under her breath, Audrey tossed the strap of the crossbow over her shoulder so it was out of the way and gripped the man under his arms, dragging him with her to the edge of the platform. Luckily for her, he wasn't particularly big, not much taller than herself in fact and she had grown stronger during the years of struggle. She got him to the edge quickly and then with some difficulty, lowered the two of them into the water. On her back with his back to her chest and holding him up she began to strike out for the bank, struggling through the river as she fought to keep both their heads above water. After what felt like an eternity, the water level began to lower and eventually she was on her feet and dragging him up the bank. She halted halfway, breathing heavily and lowered him down whilst she crept up to the edge with her crossbow in hand once more. She kept behind the car and scanned the horizon for any sign of movement. After a few moments, she decided it was clear and slid back down the bank to haul the unconscious man the rest of the way up. Now came the real test she thought. It was an hour's walk on her own back to the safety of the house and dragging the man lying at her feet would not be possible all the way. Praying for some good luck from a God she'd long since given up believing in, Audrey approached the driver's side door of the car and opened it up. She slid in halfway and turned the key that was still in the ignition. The car stuttered in to life, engine coughing for a few seconds before it gave out. \"Come on,\" she muttered, trying again. The same process repeated itself and Audrey rolled her eyes skyward in frustration, slapping her hand on the dashboard. \"Come on!\" she shouted turning the key once more. The car engine started, stuttered . . . \"Yes!\" It miraculously kept running, a low powerful rumble coming from under the crumpled hood. A smile on her face, Audrey slid out of the car and opened up the back doors. To her surprise there were no ashes from the vampire that she assumed must have been in the car, but she chose not to wonder about that as she instead reached down to the unconscious man and hauled him up and into the car with great difficulty. Eventually though she got him laid out across the back seats and she shut the door before jumping back in the front and behind the wheel. The drive shouldn't take more than five minutes she thought as carefully she reversed the car and listened to the crunching of metal and wood being pulled apart. However, that was long enough for the state of the car to draw attention to herself and her unconscious passenger and she had to hope there weren't more modified vehicles out on the surrounding roads. Even before the plague though this had been an unusually quiet area and meeting traffic had been rare. She just needed their luck to hold out a little longer. She swung the car around and set off at a steady pace of fifty miles an hour towards home. The speedometer said the car was capable of much more, but she didn't want to risk pushing the wreck too far after what it had just been through and have it break down on her miles out from safety. Instead she cruised along, trying to maintain a middle ground between getting them back faster and not jolting her injured passenger around more than absolutely necessary. The dead grassland flashed by quickly but not quick enough for Audrey's liking as she kept both hands firmly on the wheel, gripping tight as the nervous tension that she hadn't noticed during the physical exertion of getting the man to the car began to flood her body. She told herself to stay calm though and focused on keeping her eyes on the road ahead. After a few minutes she reached a track that ran away from the main road and appeared to lead to more dead fields and then eventually a small forest. It was down this that she sped now, urging the car forwards and praying that she wouldn't be spotted and followed. It wasn't all that safe to drive up to the house during daylight, it risked making their location known, but she didn't feel she had any other choice. The man in the back was badly injured and needed medical help immediately. And they needed every single human they could find. As she entered the tree line, Audrey glanced in the rear view mirror. He was still out cold, his body jolting as the track grew rougher and she wondered if this didn't wake up him what would. Eventually though, much to her relief, the house loomed up ahead of her as she emerged from the main body of the trees. She almost laughed out loud with delight to see the large frame of Jarvis emerging from the building with a look of wary confusion on his face at the sight of the approaching car. They were safe.[Chapter 2] His skin tingled all over and he felt warm. But the burning was gone at least. There was something soft beneath his back and his wet clothes had been removed and this made him jolt upright immediately in fear remembering where it was he'd passed out. Something wasn't right. \"Steady, lie back,\" a voice said from somewhere around him. He was too confused to figure out where. A hand pressed firmly against his chest, easing him back down and he relented under its pressure. He tried to open his mouth to speak but his skin felt strange and he found that as the pain gradually began to seep back into his mind he couldn't seem to form the words. Whoever it was that was with him seemed to sense his fear however and began to talk in a low, soothing voice. \"You're safe now. You were in a car crash but we found you. You've got some injuries, but nothing we can't take care of.\" The man didn't move or attempt to reply as gradually the words sank in and he began to take stock of his aching body. His lower limbs felt ok he thought. His upper body ached and there was a fire in his chest but it was his face that was causing him the most concern. He realised with a jolt that he couldn't see. He tried to raise a hand to his face despite the pain in his arms and felt around desperately. The hand that had been at his chest caught his own and stilled its frantic movements. Gradually, his mind registered what his fingertips were feeling. There were bandages covering almost all of his face, including his eyes, he realised. \"Why can't I see?\" His voice sounded harsh to his own ears as it croaked out through his sore throat. The note of panic in it was clear however. \"Your eyes were damaged by whatever it was that caused the burning. We've covered them to let them heal. Exposing them to light too soon might cause you to lose your sight permanently. It's just a precaution.\" The voice was that of a woman he thought as he traced his hand down the bandages and realised they enveloped his neck as well. He couldn't feel the old scar but somehow he knew that it hadn't been removed with the renewed beating of his heart. Had they seen it though? \"Where am I?\" The hand that had been holding his drew back and he could hear movement to his right. A chair scrapping back across stone. And now he concentrated, other sounds too. A low murmur of voices from another room perhaps. \"At my home,\" the female voice replied. \"You're with members of the human resistance. You're safe.\" The man wasn't sure whether that was true. When they found out what he was - what he used to be, he reminded himself - surely they would turn on him, drive a stake through his heart. \"What's your name?\" the woman asked. Her voice was coming from close beside him once more and he guessed she must be sat beside the bed in which he thought he'd been placed. \"Lionel. Lionel Cormac,\" he replied. \"Elvis works for most folks though.\" He coughed suddenly as the words died in his painful throat. There was the sound of movement beside him and an arm was slipped behind his shoulders, lifting his body slightly before he felt a cup being placed to his lips. He hesitated before drinking however. \"It's water,\" the woman reassured and he parted his lips allowing the liquid to soothe the burning. \"Thanks,\" he managed as the cup was removed and he was lowered back, his head supported by a soft pillow. \"Elvis, huh?\" the woman said eventually. He nodded. \"Yeah, but I won't try singing for you just yet.\" That earned him a quiet laugh. \"I'm Audrey.\" Elvis raised a hand stiffly from the bed and Audrey reached out to shake it in greeting. \"Nice to meet you, Audrey,\" he said before releasing her hand. \"Now, you got any painkillers in the place?\" Audrey sat around the wide wooden table running a finger against the knots and whirls that made up its surface. The tree from which the table had been made must have been old, maybe more than a thousand years old. Her parents had told her stories as a child about all the things the tree might have seen, all the centuries it had passed through watching the world change. She'd not had much of an imaginative mind as a child though, always one leaning towards facts and careful analysis. Now though, she'd seen enough things to wonder if perhaps the stories her parents had told weren't so fantastical after all. \"He said much yet?\" Audrey's reverie was broken by the rough voice of Colin who slumped down in a chair across from her and fixed her with an argumentative stare. Colin wasn't happy about her driving up to the house in broad daylight, unconscious human in tow or not. \"Not a lot, only his name,\" she replied. Colin made an irritable noise in the back of his throat and crossed his arms across his chest. His chequered shirt was damp in places with sweat from the work he'd been doing all afternoon. Strong winds last night had ripped down the boards over the windows on the western side of the house and he and another man had been working to fix them back up and secure the house against attack. \"And?\" \"And his name is Elvis.\" \"Elvis?\" Colin asked with a derisive snort. \"That's what he says.\" Colin glanced over at the open archway behind which the beds for the makeshift medical room were placed. Audrey had left Elvis sleeping half an hour ago after giving him some more painkillers and didn't intend to bother him any further until he'd rested up some more. \"He didn't mention how he got all the way out here then?\" Audrey shook her head. It wasn't worth engaging in too much conversation with Colin when he was in one of these moods. He'd joined the group five years back and despite being a useful member of the team and a pragmatic man, he was far too cynical for Audrey's liking. Things were dark enough without him bringing morale down further she reasoned. Audrey had been de-facto leader of the resistance members since the beginning. Whether it was purely because her house had become the base for operations or whether it was her leadership skills and confidence it didn't much matter. She'd been leading the group for nine years, helping them keep hidden and to keep increasing their numbers. Three years ago things had been looking up with the group leading increasingly more daring raids against the vampires to free humans and gain further intelligence as where others might be hiding out. But as the human population had gradually dwindled and the vampires had grown more aggressive, things had become much harder for the resistance. Lately there had been mutterings amongst the group, coming from the man sat across from her she suspected, that she wasn't doing enough to help keep them safe. That someone new should be in charge. Today's events hadn't helped much. The sound of heavy footsteps approaching table got Audrey's attention and she turned in her chair to see Jarvis approaching. The tall African-American shot her a smile before dropping down heavily in a seat beside her and swiping the cap from his head. \"Goddamn is it hot out today!\" \"You don't have to tell me,\" Colin muttered and Audrey and Jarvis shared a look of exasperation at their colleague before he glared at them. \"So, we know anything about this guy yet?\" Jarvis asked. \"Says his name is Elvis,\" Colin said before Audrey could get a comment in. \"That supposed to be a joke?\" \"His given name's Lionel Cormac,\" Audrey said. \"Ok, we got any other information on Lionel, Elvis, Cormac?\" Jarvis questioned. \"Not just yet. I gave him a painkiller and he's gone back to sleep. He's not going anywhere, we can ask him when he wakes up.\" Jarvis nodded agreement but Colin clearly wasn't satisfied. He did at least have the grace to glance around him to check no one else was listening before he launched into his misgivings. The other resistance members, numbering around the thirty mark currently, were all occupied however. \"Look, he turns up alone, out in the middle of nowhere and there just happens to be a vamp vehicle that he's clearly been thrown through close by? This doesn't seem right to me. I mean, where's the vamp? They must have been in the car together.\" \"I didn't see any sign of a dead vampire anywhere in the area and it wouldn't have gotten far from the car, not in the middle of the day,\" Audrey said. \"So what, it just disappeared?\" Colin asked sceptically, his voice a low hiss as he attempted not to attract too much attention from the others. \"Maybe he stole the car from a vampire?\" Jarvis suggested. \"I don't know,\" Audrey replied, \"the car was all set up for daytime driving when it crashed. A human wouldn't bother with that.\" \"Chances are then that he's one of the human group we've been hearing about and got unlucky. Vamp catches him out in the open, there's a fight, he winds up in the river,\" Jarvis reasoned. \"Or,\" Colin cut in, leaning closer, \"he's working with the vamps.\" \"Oh come on!\" Audrey laughed. \"What's in it for any human to do that?\" \"Promise of immortality instead of being farmed. He rounds up other humans, the vamp turns him instead of draining him.\" Audrey and Jarvis stared at Colin in disbelief. He stared straight back resolutely. Jarvis shook his head and nodded over in Elvis's direction. \"How's he wind up getting fried like that then?\" Colin shrugged and rose from the table. \"I don't much care. I just want him watched.\" With that he strode off, heading for the wrought iron spiral staircase that lead to the ground floor. Jarvis watched him go with a weary smile on his face and a shake of his head. \"What's eating him today?\" \"Too much hard work,\" Audrey murmured in reply and Jarvis laughed. \"I'll talk to him when he wakes up,\" Audrey reassured to settle any doubts that might be in Jarvis' mind. He was a good ally and an even better friend and she didn't want to risk losing him as either. \"Sure. You want anyone else there when you do it?\" Audrey thought for a moment then shook her head. \"He's nervous enough as it is. Let me talk to him alone first. If I don't think I'm getting the answers we want, then I'll call you in.\" Jarvis seemed to agree with this and rose from the table with a smile, his cap held between his large, reliable hands. \"Well, I've got more work to do. Wouldn't want Colin feeling hard done by now would we?\" Audrey shared in his laughed as he gave her a wink and took the same route to the stairs that Colin had earlier.[Chapter 3] Elvis wasn't sure how long he'd been awake, it was difficult to tell with the bandages over his eyes, but he knew one thing. He needed another painkiller. Now that the initial elation of feeling his heart beat in his chest had worn off, the pain from his burns was beginning to get to him. He wondered how bad they looked under all the bandaging covering his face, neck, and he realised upon this second time of waking, his forearms. He turned his head one way, then another, wondering if there was anyone in the room watching him who might come over. He couldn't figure out where he was, but the room must be big. Sounds echoed around making it difficult to place their origin or be sure just how many people there were somewhere around him. There were quite a few though he thought. Twenty maybe. He'd picked out a number of different voices including that of the woman, Audrey, who'd been sat beside him earlier on. He wondered whether she had been the one who'd brought him here. Elvis was just considering attempting to call out for someone when he heard footsteps, clearly approaching, and a chair being drawn back. \"You didn't sleep long.\" It was her again and Elvis felt himself relax a little. \"Could do with another painkiller, Doc,\" he said. His throat didn't feel quite so raw as earlier, but it was still a strain to speak. \"I'm no doctor,\" Audrey said. \"Should I be worried about that?\" Elvis asked as he felt her take his arm. \"Hold still,\" she muttered and he stiffened as a needle pricked the skin. After a few moments it was withdrawn and she laid his arm down against the sheets. \"Give it a couple of minutes and you should start to feel better.\" Elvis flexed his arm experimentally as he felt the pain gradually grow duller and he relaxed a little further. At least no one had tried to kill him yet, he reasoned. \"So, you're not a Doctor,\" he stated eventually. \"What were you then? Before all this I mean.\" \"I was training to be a lawyer,\" she replied. Elvis laughed and turned his head towards where he had correctly guessed she was sitting. \"A bloodsucker before the bloodsuckers.\" Audrey smiled and shook her head. Jarvis had made a similar joke when they'd first met. \"Something like that I guess. How about you?\" she asked, figuring the questioning had to start somewhere and wanting to set him at ease as much as possible. \"Mechanic,\" he replied. \"I worked on cars, had my own garage. Was doing pretty good business too.\" \"We've not had a mechanic here in a while. There's a few people who might be very happy you've turned up.\" Elvis didn't bother to ask why there hadn't been a mechanic in the group recently. He'd heard enough about these underground human resistance groups in the papers to know how often the members were captured and taken to the farms. \"Do you remember what happened, Elvis?\" Audrey began cautiously. \"Before I found you?\" So he'd guessed right. She was the one that had picked him up from the river. Well, he thought, he had to be grateful for that at least. But how much could he say? He raised a hand self consciously to his neck, rubbing at the spot under the bandages where the bite mark was. All it would take was for them to remove the bandages and take a closer look under all the burns and they'd know the truth. There didn't seem much point in lying. Audrey watched his movements, the placement of his hand, and wondered if he were reliving some narrow escape from being bitten by the vampire that seemed to have driven him out to the river, or discovered him there. \"I was out driving. I took my eyes off the road for too long,\" he said, remembering everything that had led up the crash. The feeling of weakness running through his body, the desperation for blood, but he would not allow himself another drop he'd decided a week earlier. \"Then I crashed.\" Audrey frowned down at the man in the bed. Not much of his face was visible under the bandages and she couldn't tell from the tone of his voice if he was inventing this on the spot. \"Where did you find the car?\" \"It's mine, was, mine,\" he corrected. Then he raised a hand from the bed and held it out to her. \"Give me your hand,\" he said and sensed her hesitation. But then he felt her hand rest in his own and he drew it to his neck, pressing her fingers to a spot on the left just under his jaw line. \"Feel that?\" \"Sure, it's your pulse,\" Audrey replied, confused as to where this was going. \"Shouldn't be there,\" Elvis said, and then more quietly, \"Hasn't been for near nine years now.\" Audrey drew her hand back sharply and stared down at the man in the bed in disbelief. This couldn't be true. \"You're a vampire?\" \"Was a vampire,\" Elvis stated firmly. His throat was feeling rough now from all the talking but he didn't intend to stop until she believed him. \"The crash -\" \"No, the sun. The crash threw me out of the car, straight through the windshield and I started burning up!\" His voice had become more animated now as the elation of what had happened finally began to register. It was a miracle. \"I was on fire, all of me and then I hit the water. Saved my life,\" he finished. Audrey sat in silence simply staring at him as he lay unmoving, his head turned towards her but his eyes unseeing. Cautiously, she raised a hand again and laid it back against his neck. He didn't flinch as she felt his pulse beat under her fingers. He was very definitely alive. \"You couldn't have been bitten.\" \"Sure was.\" Elvis reached up and moved her hand to another spot on his neck. She wouldn't be able to feel the scar through the bandages, but if she looked it would be there. \"Scar's right there, Audrey. Eight years and nine months ago I was bitten, by my best friend. Asked him to do it before they could round me up and send me off to the farms. I was a vampire. And as of midday today, I'm human again.\" It was the pure joy in his voice that swung it for Audrey, even without seeing the scar. She didn't think anyone could fake that. \"I believe you,\" she said quietly. Audrey sat silently staring down at Elvis still barely able to come to terms with what he'd told her. There was a cure. A way to end the vampire disease. It had been too much to hope for after ten years of hiding and fighting and her mind seemed unable to take it all in. Elvis still held her hand, maintaining some contact with the woman sat beside him. He couldn't tell what her reaction was to his words and could feel his frustration growing at his lack of sight. But she hadn't moved away from him, keeping her fingers pressed against his neck as she considered what this meant for them all. \"So, should I be waiting for a stake any second now?\" Elvis asked eventually. Audrey laughed quietly at his attempt to diffuse some of the tension that had filled the air around them and drew her hand back. \"No, you're human. You're with us now,\" she stated firmly. \"But,\" she added, and Elvis heard her rise from the chair beside his bed, \"the others need to hear this.\" \"Guess I'll just sit tight then,\" Elvis muttered to himself as he felt more than heard her leave his side. He didn't have to wait long though before he heard her returning, in the company of two others, their heavier footsteps suggesting that they might be male. \"Elvis, this is Colin,\" Audrey stated and Elvis heard a man give a grunt in response, \"and Jarvis.\" Elvis felt a large hand grip his own and he shook it in response. \"Good to meet you Elvis,\" a deep voice rumbled with genuine warmth. \"You too,\" Elvis replied thinking it might not be quite true given he had yet to actually see any of the people around him. It was very disorientating to be the centre of attention to people you could not read. \"Audrey says you've got quite the story to tell us,\" Jarvis said. \"I certainly do.\" As Elvis repeated to Colin and Jarvis what he'd said to Audrey he could feel their scrutiny upon him. By the time he'd finished it was becoming suffocating. The air around him was thick with mistrust. The two men beside Audrey were silent for some time as they digested what they'd heard, struggling to believe the words much as they might want to. It just seemed so impossible. \"Thank you, Elvis,\" Audrey said eventually as her companions continued to stare at the man before them in the bed. Elvis gave a small nod in reply but said nothing as he waited for the verdict from his two judges. Somehow he knew Audrey had some sway over them, but he still felt the beginnings of a creeping fear edging into his gut. If these two men did not believe him, he was dead. \"I get the feeling you two gentleman are struggling with my story.\" Elvis' voice held firm but Audrey could hear the note of tension there. \"Audrey, I told you about the scar,\" he said. \"The bandages shouldn't be removed just yet,\" Audrey replied with uncertainty. It might well be the only way Jarvis and Colin were going to believe it though. And, she did want the proof for herself, to remove any niggling doubt that might have been hiding at the back of her mind. \"Can't make these burns much worse,\" Elvis reasoned. Audrey looked over at Jarvis who gave a shrug. It was worth a look if it would prove Elvis' story either way. \"Alright,\" Audrey said with some apprehension still. She took the seat beside Elvis's bed and reached out to him. Cautiously she began to unwind the bandages wrapped around his neck. Elvis winced in pain immediately and she slowed her movements, attempting to be as gentle as possible. He'd been through enough already. \"Sorry,\" she said quietly as she continued, the bandages gradually falling away to reveal the burns to his neck. Eventually, when the right of his neck was mostly uncovered, Audrey stilled her hands and Elvis reached up, tapping a spot that was close to his collarbone. The skin there was red and painful looking but the damage did not seem so bad. Two small marks were the only thing that remained of the bite, but they were clear and Audrey had seen the same thing on enough vampires before to know they were genuine. Jarvis and Colin were stood close at her back and staring down. She knew that they'd seen the scar as clearly as herself. \"We see it,\" Audrey said and Elvis gave a small, humourless smile. He drew his hand back and laid it to rest on the bed sheets as Audrey carefully rewound the bandages around his neck. \"Well I didn't think I'd ever see this,\" Jarvis marvelled. \"But it really is good to meet you man.\" He laughed and shook his head as Audrey finished up and gave Elvis' shoulder a reassuring squeeze before she rose from her seat. \"A word, please,\" Colin said as she turned. His expression was blank and unreadable but Audrey thought she knew where this was headed. \"Get some rest,\" she said to Elvis who would have rolled his eyes at her if they were uncovered. What else was he going to do? The three of them moved away from the medical room and towards another archway behind which a number of barrels were stacked, the remains of Audrey's parents last season of wine. \"Ok, spit it out,\" Jarvis said, turning to Colin. Colin glanced back over his shoulder once to where Elvis was lying before replying. \"Something still doesn't seem right to me. I mean, it's not like he asked to be a human, what if he's just waiting for an opportunity to get back to them, to become one of them again?\" \"They wouldn't turn him, not with the way things are at the moment. They need all the human blood they can get and he knows that,\" Jarvis replied with certainty. \"He already explained that he'd been abstaining from human blood before this. He didn't want to be a vampire any longer,\" Audrey added. \"And you really believe that? That could just be a cover, we've got no proof of it. We can't trust him,\" Colin finished in a dark tone. Audrey shook her head. In her own mind she was certain that Elvis was telling the truth. \"We have to trust him. We don't have any other choice.\"[Chapter 4] Chapter 4. The light was hazy at this time of morning and a thin film of cloud hung low over the hills in the distance. It was like looking at the world through a filter and Audrey was quite content with that. Staring the world right in the face these days wasn't much fun. She shook her head to clear the image of yellow eyes and bared fangs that sprang up from the back of her mind. She was sat in a shady spot beneath a tree, watching as the day broke and the sun spilled out over the landscape. It was the best time of day, she thought. When all the work that needed to be done was clear in your mind but hadn't yet started and when her body was fresh from sleep rather than worn and tired and aching for rest. There were a few other people up and awake outside already. Two young men were hacking away at logs with their axes to create firewood. A young woman was checking the oil on their vehicles whilst another man sat on the ground close by eating his breakfast. Inside would be busier, she knew and for the time being she needed quiet in order to think through everything that had happened the previous day. She and Jarvis had notified the rest of the group late last night of Elvis and his miraculous cure. The general response had been one of surprise, followed by hope that this could eventually mean the end of their struggle. Audrey had been quick to play things down a little. They had no idea exactly how Elvis had been changed, or whether the process could be replicated. There was no good in them getting ahead of themselves and then become despondent when a cure didn't appear quick enough. Even so, there had been a celebratory atmosphere in house last night that she was pleased to note after so many weeks of depression. Audrey looked up as the front door opened and another young woman stepped out. Through the briefly open doorway she could see that the small community of humans was indeed predominantly up and awake, busy with the day's tasks. With a small sigh and rueful smile, Audrey got to her feet and wandered slowly back towards the house. She had things to do and couldn't afford to sit around outside for too long. The house was a hive of activity, just as she'd expected. Eight or so people including a few children were sat around the table downstairs eating breakfast together. Others were in a room towards the back where they grew various vegetables and other useful plants. Jarvis was stood with two men and a woman around their radio equipment, listening in over military and police channels for any reports on human sightings. Audrey wandered amongst all this, pleased to see the group working so well together as ever. The resilience of these people never ceased to amaze her. As she reached the base of the staircase, she received a curt nod from Colin who was crossing the floor, axe in hand, clearly off to join the two men outside. Audrey returned his nod but neither spoke. Colin had sat silently during the meeting last night where the others were told what was going on. Audrey was sure he wouldn't be so gracious today and that by the end of the day there might be a few mutterings from those who seemed most open to Colin's usual miserable proclamations. Audrey moved towards the large table and was greeted briefly by those sat around it. A man in his mid thirties with dark hair and an open smile passed her a plate piled up with toast. \"Would have saved you some bacon and eggs if I'd known you were coming down, chief,\" he said. \"No need, Pete. Got any porridge around for our new friend?\" Pete gave a look of mock disgusted and jerked a thumb over his shoulder. \"Sure, should be a box of that crap by the microwave.\" A few minutes later and Audrey stepped through under the archway that led to the medical room. There were six beds cramped in there, but only one was currently occupied. \"That the footsteps of my rescuer I hear?\" Audrey laughed and set the tray down beside Elvis' bed. He was sat up and still smiling as she took the wooden seat. \"I suppose so. And I come bearing breakfast.\" Elvis' smile grew at that. \"Ahhh, my own personal guardian angel. Please tell me there's some bacon close by.\" \"Sorry to disappoint, but it's porridge for the time being. That throat of yours needs soft foods.\" Elvis groaned in distaste but didn't argue. Audrey placed the tray across his lap and gingerly, Elvis reached out for the spoon. His hands groped around for awhile before he found it, but despite the bandages, he was able to feed himself, much to his own relief. \"Not bad for slop I suppose,\" he said after swallowing the first mouthful. \"It only gets better from here, I promise.\" Elvis smiled and carried on eating as Audrey watched. She was surprised to see how well he seemed having only had a day's rest. But then, she reasoned, he'd been a vampire when he'd burst through the windscreen and burned up and that meant his injuries hadn't been as bad as they would have been on a human. But he was a human now and he still seemed to be recovering quickly. Not unnaturally so, but still, it was surprising. \"Senator Turner is coming in to talk to you this afternoon,\" Audrey said. The spoonful of porridge that Elvis had been about to eat halted halfway to his mouth and Audrey felt his gaze upon her behind the bandages over his eyes. \"As in the vampire, Senator Turner?\" \"He's been working with us for a few months now, trying to drop us information about human sightings. And fighting the cause of the humans in public too,\" Audrey explained. \"Yeah, yeah I've heard him. Reminds me of the animal rights activists before all of this mess,\" Elvis replied. The comparison seemed apt to Audrey. Humans really were like that now. An endangered species being hunted into extinction. \"There's not much more I can tell him that I haven't already told you,\" Elvis continued, returning to his breakfast and eating it quickly despite the taste. \"I think he just needs to see you for himself.\" Elvis shrugged. \"Guess I wouldn't be much likely to believe it myself. What was the verdict amongst the rest of the group then? I'm assuming from the lack of villagers with pitchforks and torches that I'm sticking around?\" \"There all pretty excited about you actually. You're the hero of the day as far as they're concerned,\" Audrey replied drawing a short laugh from the bandaged man in the bed. \"No, I just got fried. Got no idea how to fix up the rest of the bloodsuckers. Wish I could say I did but . . .\" he trailed off despondently, then seemed to mentally shake himself out of the minor depression. \"Anyhow, I believe I owe you my thanks. If anyone's the hero round here at the moment, it's you. I'd be in the farms already if it weren't for your timely rescue. Must have been hard work dragging my old body back all that way.\" There was genuine gratitude in Elvis's voice and Audrey gave his shoulder a gentle squeeze in place of the smile that he couldn't currently see. \"It wasn't so bad. Your car did most of the hard work.\" What she could see of Elvis's face registered surprise. \"My car was working?\" \"Just about. It's in the garage with the rest of our vehicles at the moment. Though I think it's pretty much a write off.\" Elvis shook his head vehemently. \"If it drove, it's fixable. Soon as I get my sight back I'll put the old girl to rights. I've had that car for nearly fifteen years. I'm not letting a minor run in with a fence post knock her out for good.\" The note of sheer determination in Elvis's voice made Audrey laugh. Elvis seemed to misinterpret her laughter and raised his hands defensively. \"Hey, you haven't seen Elvis get to work yet. I've fixed up worse wrecks than her in my time,\" he assured her. \"I don't doubt it,\" Audrey replied. \"But not for a few days yet at least. You've got a worse wreck that needs time to fix itself first.\" Elvis grinned and finished off his breakfast with a satisfied sigh. \"All this body needs is food and good company and it'll be running again just fine.\" He sounded just as certain about this as he did when talking about his car and Audrey found herself believing every word he said. If there was one thing that Elvis seemed to radiate despite his battered state, it was reliability. She was certain he was going to be an asset to the group in more ways than one. \"Good to know,\" Audrey replied as she removed the tray from his lap and set it on a low table further back from the bed. \"However, you also need those burns seeing too, the bandages need changing.\" \"Oh joy,\" Elvis murmured and Audrey suppressed her laughter. She stepped away from his bedside briefly to fill a bowl with water from a stone sink in the corner of the room and gather up a roll of fresh bandages and a cloth before returning to her seat. \"Do I get the power of sight back today?\" Elvis asked in an attempt to distract himself from the discomfort as Audrey began to unwind the bandages. He knew she was being as gentle as she could but it still stung as the material was eased away from his burnt skin. \"Not today, no. But it shouldn't be too long, you're healing up very quickly. I don't think the burns are as bad as they first looked.\" She was focusing on her hands and being as careful as she could but Audrey noted the flicker of frustration that ran across his features as they were gradually uncovered. \"How's that feeling?\" she asked as she removed the last of the bandages around his neck, her fingers brushing across the scar that he'd revealed to them the previous day. The only bandages left now where the ones covering his eyes. \"Not as bad as it could be I guess,\" Elvis replied with a shrug. His face and neck were painful but he thought that was probably a good deal better than not being able to feel anything at all. It meant the burns couldn't be too bad. Though he trusted what Audrey was saying, he wasn't too sure if she was playing his injuries down simply to keep him at ease whilst he was in her care. It was strange, this feeling of helplessness. For nine years he'd been a vampire, invincible, immune to disease, never aging. At first it had been liberating knowing that he had so many more years stretching out before him, but then it had begun to grow wearisome, and eventually a burden that he had become desperate to rid himself of. Despite being stuck in this bed, unable to see and at the mercy of people whom he had yet to see or get to know, Elvis still found himself feeling freer now than he had for a long time. He relaxed back into the soft pillows at his back as Audrey gently applied a damp cloth to his face. The lukewarm water eased the pain of his burns and he almost found himself slipping back to sleep as he concentrated on the sensation of water against his damaged skin. \"That feels pretty good now,\" He murmured as he felt the cloth removed from his skin and heard it being placed back in the bowl close beside his head. \"I'm going to have to put some new bandages on now,\" Audrey said and Elvis nodded wishing he could see the face of the woman who was sat beside him carefully applying the bandages to his face, her fingers moving slowly and deliberately. The tone of her voice suggested she was close to his own age, or the age at which he'd been bitten anyway, but there was little else that he could discern from it. He tried to imagine the look of concentration that would be upon her features as she finished changing his bandages, but found that only vague images of women he'd known in the past blurred into one another in his mind. \"What do you look like, Audrey?\" he asked eventually after her hands had drawn away. There was a short pause during which he could hear the sounds of the rest of the humans around him that he had yet to meet as they talked and worked on whatever it was that they did. \"I . . . well, you'll see in a few days.\" She sounded a little hesitant, his question having thrown her off guard. \"I suppose so,\" Elvis replied, not pushing any further and wondering what exactly he'd expected her to say in response anyway. Audrey, from the little time that he'd spent with her already, seemed like a practical, straightforward person, a leader. She didn't sound like the kind of woman who spent too much time worrying over or considering her own appearance. They both sat in silence for a few moments, the seconds stretching out longer for Elvis in his blindness as he struggled to pick up any sense of what she might be thinking. Then he heard the chair scrape back against the stone floor as she rose from his bedside. \"Do you need anything else?\" she asked, her tone returning to the firm but upbeat one that she'd been speaking with prior to his question. Elvis shook his head. \"Alright, well I have things I need to do. Just shout, literally, if you do need anything.\" \"No problem,\" Elvis replied. \"I'll be back when Senator Turner arrives,\" Audrey assured him before walking away. Elvis sat listening to the sound of her retreating footsteps. He found he was able to follow them quite a way, even in amongst all the other sounds of the house that he had found himself in. It was going to be a long, dull day, he thought. Elvis knew the moment Senator Turner arrived without having to listen out too hard. There weren't any obvious changes to the background noise that he'd become steadily accustomed to throughout the day. However there was a shift in the atmosphere around him. He couldn't put his finger on how he knew it, but he was certain that the presence of the vampire wasn't entirely welcome. A couple of minutes after noting the new arrival, Elvis heard footsteps approaching once more. The lighter ones he recognised as Audrey's and he fixed a smile on his face as they halted beside his bed. \"So, you're the walking miracle?\" a deep voice said with some humour. Elvis instantly found the image of the Senator flashing behind his eyes, remembered from countless TV interviews and debates and was pleased to finally be able to put a face to a voice in this place. It eased the sense of disorientation somewhat. \"Not sure I'd go that far myself, I'm not walking for a start,\" he replied. Elvis heard the chair beside his bed being drawn back as Senator Turner took a seat, watching the bandaged man in the bed carefully. Elvis could feel the scrutiny of the other man - vampire, he reminded himself - and wondered how he was going to respond to the inevitable questions. \"Audrey filled me in on what happened to you,\" the Senator began and Elvis could tell he was considering his words carefully. \"I understand you're unaware of how your transformation happened, other than that it was somehow linked to the sun, so I won't ask about the specifics. You need to understand that your recovery is very important to many people. Once you're back up on your feet we're going to need to get someone in to take a proper look at you.\" \"Be your guinea pig for a while,\" Elvis stated. \"Not like that. But we need to study what happened to you.\" That was Audrey's voice. She was stood somewhere close beside the Senator and Elvis turned his head in the direction he thought she might be. \"No, not like that,\" the Senator clarified hastily. \"But this is incredibly important. If there is any chance that there could be a cure, we have to look into it. The potential to turn people back - to recreate the world as it was - we can't let that slip. I understand you might be hesitant about this, but we have to find out what happened to you. And we have to be certain that the cure is permanent.\" Elvis nodded agreement. He wasn't comfortable with the weight of expectation on his shoulders but there wasn't much to be done about it and he understood the desperation that the humans felt. This might be their only chance to save themselves. \"So, got anyone in mind to do this?\" he asked to fill the silence that had descended. There was a pause during which Elvis sensed that Audrey and the Senator were sharing some kind of communication. \"Not yet,\" Audrey said eventually. \"But we're looking, and in the meantime you need to remain here and keep yourself safe. There's a lot resting upon you Mr Cormac. Potentially the fate of the human race, \" the Senator finished gravely. \"No pressure then,\" Elvis muttered. A/N: There are no other Elvis fics out there? I thought he was a really interesting character, I'm surprised. Actually I'm surprised at the general lack of Daybreakers writing, I loved the film! Any how, reviews would be much appreciated.[Chapter 5] The constant hiss was starting to lull Audrey back to sleep when it was broken suddenly by a voice that crackled and jumped. The frequency was poor and the signal kept breaking up as she and Jarvis sat listening. For a few seconds, the voice seemed to relay coordinates and then went silent. The hiss returned and Audrey felt herself lean in closer to their equipment, willing the sounds to become clearer. Eventually another voice responded with an order to send vehicles over to the coordinates. \"Worth a look?\" Jarvis wondered aloud as the line returned to static once more. Audrey shrugged. There didn't seem anything definitive. Not anything worth risking the lives of her people over anyhow. It had been like this for hours now. Intermittent reports of coordinates followed by radio silence and then a swift relay of orders. She wondered whether the vampires had figured out that they might be being listened to, or whether this was just a case of them not worrying too much about the job and failing to relay additional information. Either way, it wasn't helping her or any of the others who'd been taking shifts around the radio equipment to learn anything new about possible human sightings. Sighing in frustration, Audrey rose from the wooden bench she had been sat upon and stretched her arms above her head. She felt stiff from the lack of movement and her mind wasn't focused on the task properly. \"We need to get back out on the hunt,\" she responded without much conviction. Jarvis didn't say anything, waiting for Audrey to continue as he was sure she would. \"This just isn't enough to go on,\" she said eventually, seating herself beside him once more. An air of defeat and frustration hung about them as they sat beside the crackling radio. It was all so different from the atmosphere the previous evening. Senator Turner's visit, and his words about Elvis, about a cure and about hope had stirred up excitement even within herself. She, who always remained so level headed, had felt the growing of anticipation and true belief that things were about to change for the better. And that Elvis was at the heart of it. He had arrived in the midst of their group miraculously and they had been tasked with protecting him. But right now, whilst he was still recovering and without someone who could properly examine him, there were other more pressing issues for the resistance, like bolstering their numbers. \"They've been too damn quiet for a while now,\" Jarvis said, his deep voice bringing Audrey back from her own thoughts and into the room. \"It doesn't have to mean anything,\" Audrey replied trying to be reassuring. Jarvis cut her a wry grin and she shrugged. There was no need to pretend everything was fine with Jarvis, he'd been fighting just as long and just as hard. \"Something'll come up. We've just got to keep our ears to the ground.\" \"No problems there,\" Jarvis replied and added with a smile, \"not like we got much else to do.\" Across the room, stuck in the darkness of blindness and under the thin cotton sheets of what had gradually come to feel like a prison, Elvis was feeling equally as frustrated. There was continual noise around him and at first it had been distracting enough to focus upon the sounds and try to figure out what exactly was going on. Gradually he'd been able to pick up bits of information and figure out individual people, their roles and a little of their personalities. But everyone was busy and Elvis was left to his own devices. Unable to move, he found himself beginning to dwell further upon his situation. He was essentially a prisoner. He knew the importance of the potential cure he carried within his body meant that Audrey and the rest of the resistance wouldn't risk him leaving the shelter of the house. And he certainly wasn't any use to them in his current state. The disorientation of the blindness had worn off, however the irritation at not being able to move was growing. Elvis felt well in himself. He was certain his body was recovering well from the crash and he was desperate to get out of the bed he was currently stuck in. But it didn't seem things were going to change any time soon. He'd been alone for hours now. At one point the tedium was broken by a young man who announced himself to be called Travis bringing him food. Elvis had heard Travis often over the past day chatting with various other voices around him, including Audrey, and he had asked where she was. The response had been immediate, Audrey was busy and would be most of the day. Travis had dumped a tray of food on Elvis's lap and then disappeared. He returned twenty minutes later to tidy up but didn't say anything else Other than this slightly strained exchange, Elvis had been left to his own thoughts. And they weren't doing anything to improve his mood. It was clear that Senator Turner wasn't the only 'vampire' some of the members of the group had a problem with. Though most of the conversations he caught snatches of either revolved around day to day issues with the running of the resistance or speculation as to how soon a cure would be found - which did nothing to comfort his sense of unease - Elvis was increasingly aware of a smaller, dissenting group amongst the resistance. And it seemed he was the key problem. \"You awake under all that wrapping?\" Elvis jumped and swore under his breath. He'd been so caught up in his thoughts that he hadn't heard the footsteps approaching. \"Sorry, I didn't mean to startle you,\" he heard Audrey say. \"I'm fine,\" Elvis replied quickly. Audrey halted close to the side of the bed but didn't take the seat. His words had been harsh, full of frustration and anger and he wasn't facing her as he usually would, despite his lack of sight. \"Sorry . . . I didn't mean -\" \"It's alright,\" Audrey said, cutting off his mumbled apology and taking the seat finally. He looked her way now and she could read frustration in every visible line of his face. \"The more you rest up now, the quicker you'll recover,\" she said, hoping to ease his frustration. \"If I could see, I'd be running laps of this place already,\" he muttered. Audrey smiled. He still sounded irritable but was making something of an effort to be friendly at least. It made a change from working on their vehicles alongside Colin and all of his complaints and Jarvis' silence over the past couple of hours on radio watch. \"Is this a social visit or am I due some more discomfort?\" Elvis asked. \"A bit of both. Your bandages need changing again.\" Audrey was certain he was rolling his eyes beneath the bandages and saw his lips form a grimace. Elvis gave a heavy sigh of irritation but managed a smile all the same as he felt Audrey's hands gradually begin to removed the wrapping from his face. \"Busy day huh?\" he said. His skin prickled strangely as it was gradually exposed to the air. It was an odd sensation, but not painful as it had been the previous day and he felt a sense of relief having the stifling bandages off his face. They'd been adding to his growing sense of claustrophobia. \"No busier than usual,\" Audrey replied. As she gradually peeled the bandages away she was surprised to see how much better the skin beneath was looking. His recovery seemed to be moving at twice the speed expected. It was a little disconcerting and she wondered if there might be other things about Elvis that would remain different despite his miracle cure. \"Just avoiding having to play nurse to the helpless, bedridden ex vampire?\" \"Something like that,\" Audrey murmured. She wasn't paying attention to his words, instead marvelling at his recovery. The bandages were coming away easily under her hands and unlike last time, there were no grimaces from Elvis as she worked. Elvis could tell she wasn't listening to him. Her words sounded distracted and distant, as if his questions were just background noise. The bandages had been removed now and he felt lukewarm water applied to his face by her soothing hands. As he felt the water trickling down his cheeks, Elvis found his mind wandering back to yesterday's questions and her evasive answers. \"I think you're a red head.\" Audrey's hands stilled a moment and once again he wondered if he was pushing too far. But then they resumed their careful movements against his skin. \"Are you?\" Audrey laughed quietly but did not answer. It seemed Elvis was not to be dissuaded by her silence however. \"Ok, brown?\" Further silence and the cloth was removed. He could hear water being squeezed out into the bowl somewhere to his right. \"Blonde?\" Audrey reapplied the cloth to his forehead, brushing his hair out of the way so she could clean the burns there. \"Ok, you're secretly totally grey, but you dye it blonde? I won't tell anyone, hell who's going to believe the blind man?\" \"You'll just have to wait.\" Elvis reached up as her hands moved to his left cheek and stilled them there. \"Just, give me a clue?\" Audrey looked down at him as his hand held hers. He was still smiling but she could see the tension in his face. She knew it must be disorientating for him to have such an important sense ripped away so suddenly, leaving him totally in the dark. And besides, she had to admit she was enjoying his attention, even if it was simply because he was bored and frustrated. \"Alright. I'm most definitely not grey haired. That's all you're getting.\" Elvis's smile cracked into a wide grin and Audrey continued to bathe his burns once more. \"Ok, it's not much to go on, but it's a start.\" Elvis looked pensive for a few seconds, his lips pouting in thought as he considered his next question. Audrey found herself stifling laughter as she watched him puzzling out the information he had. \"So, not grey haired. Around about, oh, thirty I'd guess. From your footsteps and the fact that you got me across that river I'd say you're athletic. And pretty, definitely pretty.\" Audrey did laugh at that. \"If you don't stop guessing soon you're going to be disappointed when you do finally get your sight back.\" \"Somehow I doubt that.\" Audrey didn't argue with him. It was good see Elvis smiling and it certainly made her job easier if he was in a good mood. It didn't seem fair to leave him alone in his bed for so long each day, but the resistance was busy, either searching for fellow humans, making sure they all had enough supplies or keeping watch on the land surrounding the house. There simply wasn't enough time for someone to sit with Elvis and keep him occupied, despite his importance to the group. \"I appreciate that I'm the invalid patient at your mercy here,\" Elvis began as Audrey started replacing his bandages. \"But it would be good to stretch my legs. Spending days on end in bed alone isn't my idea of a good time.\" \"You were thrown through the windscreen of a car. Don't you think you'd be better off resting up a while longer?\" Audrey asked. \"I was a vampire when that happened, now I'm human. Everything's relative, Audrey. I'm going crazy stuck here.\" Audrey was sceptical that his recovery, as miraculous as it was, really was good enough for him to go wandering around the house. And then there was the obvious problem . . . \"How are you going to get around? Elvis, you're blind and in a place you've never seen before.\" \"Well, I was hoping my personal guardian angel would be up for playing guide to the blind as well as doctor and rescuer.\" The hopeful tinge to his tone made her pause and seriously consider the suggestion. There wasn't really any reason to refuse. Although no doubt the sight of Elvis up and moving around the house would set Colin off on a new rant later on. Audrey grimaced at the thought. \"It wouldn't have to be for long. Just so I could stretch my legs out for a while. Maybe get some fresh air.\" He was almost pleading now, desperate to get out of the bed he'd been stuck in. Audrey -despite her years of leadership and hard, even harsh, decisions - caved. \"Alright.\" The smile grew to a grin on Elvis's face as Audrey rose to her feet and moved to the other side of the room where his clothes lay neatly folded on an empty barrel that had formerly contained the wine produced from her parent's vineyard that surrounded the property. The vines were mostly dead and withered now however. She returned to Elvis' bedside and placed the clothes on his lap. Audrey watched as Elvis' hands traced over the clothes, feeling everything out and trying to figure out what way around everything was. She hesitated awkwardly before asking her next question. \"Do you need some help?\" He had hold of his white t-shirt and was running his fingers along the neck line trying to find the front of the shirt. \"Looks that way,\" Elvis replied with no small measure of frustration. He hoped he wouldn't have to get used to being blind. Audrey flipped the t-shirt so it was the right way around and then handed it to him so he could at least dress himself. She had a brief moment where she realised that to some extent this was what her life would have been like if she'd had the opportunity to have children. This was what it would have felt like to be continually looking out for someone who was totally dependent upon her for everything. But then, the resistance as a group was almost like that anyway, always looking to her for the final answer, for leadership and strength. Once Elvis had pulled the t-shirt on, Audrey handed him a worn and faded pair of jeans and turned away to allow him a little more privacy. When he'd eventually pulled on a pair of socks and boots too with some difficulty, Elvis slowly began to stand. Noticing how unsteady he was on his feet after almost three days in bed and the crash, Audrey reached out an arm around his waist and helped him to steady himself on the spot. Elvis stood still for a few moments, testing the strength in his legs and finding his balance. He kept one hand on Audrey's shoulder until he was certain his body would hold up to the walk. His legs ached and he felt stiff and unwieldy, but he hoped a little movement would sort him out. He placed his arm around her shoulders carefully and let her take some of the weight off his legs. \"Ok, I think I'm ready.\" \"Alright, just take it steady and tell me if you're getting tired,\" Audrey replied, still a little sceptical about the whole idea. He was letting a lot of his weight rest on her and he looked uncomfortable already. A part of Elvis felt like insisting that he could walk unaided, but he found the desire to maintain human contact far outweighing his pride. Audrey's arm around his waist was reassuring in many ways. They moved slowly out of the makeshift medical room and through the archway into the main room of the house. Elvis' footsteps were short and a little unsteady but there was no hesitation to his movements. At first Audrey kept her eyes on him to make sure he wasn't struggling, but as he found his feet she took in the rest of the room. Most of the resistance members were too occupied with their work to pay much attention to the movement of others in the room, but a few were looking curiously their way. Elvis was the talk of the group but few had actually seen him since he had been carried in unconscious a few days previously. Now, eyes were focused upon him as he continued to take shuffling steps, oblivious to the attention he was receiving. \"We're in the main room of the house,\" Audrey said as they moved past the windows of a store room. \"The radio equipment is in here and we have our meals and meetings here. There's a staircase we need to go up to get outside.\" \"I think I can manage it,\" Elvis replied, a wry edge to his tone. Audrey didn't voice her doubts but kept them moving through the room, past the large dining room table around which a number of the resistance members were seated going over supply reports. A few looked up as they passed, including Colin. If the scowl on his face was anything to go by, Audrey was in for a long, dull meeting later that evening. Elvis had being doing well so far, but navigating the spiral staircase was a trek in itself. Somehow the two of them managed to shuffle slowly up it together, alternating between Audrey taking the lead and backing Elvis up as he moved gradually upwards. Eventually though they emerged into the main entrance way to the house. The front door was propped open with a large log currently as a couple of resistance members moved back and forth from the house with firewood. The two young men glanced up in surprise as Elvis and Audrey approached. They stood aside but didn't say a word \"Steady, there're a couple of steps down here.\" Audrey said quietly as they approached the doorway. Audrey felt Elvis' grip on her shoulder increase slightly as he struggled to find his footing. After the difficulty in getting up the stairs, she guessed he might have overestimated his own recovery, but doubted he'd say anything. She kept her grip around his middle firm and let him get his balance properly before leading him through the open double doors and stepping out into the late afternoon sunlight with him. Elvis laughed quietly as he felt the sunlight warming him for the first time in years. He turned his face upwards to the sky, wishing desperately that he didn't have the stifling bandages covering his skin, but revelling in the sensation all the same. Beside him, Audrey smiled and watched silently as Elvis soaked in the sunlight, a broad grin on his face. Eventually though she felt his discomfort at standing for so long as he shifted his body weight. \"I'd like to sit somewhere in the sun for a while,\" he murmured. Audrey didn't say anything, moving forward slowly instead and leading Elvis across the ground towards a grassy bank that ran beside the dirt track heading away from the house. His relief at being able to relax was clear as Audrey helped Elvis to lower himself to the grass. She sat beside him as he stretched his legs out in front of him, leaning back on his hands and keeping his face turned up to the sun. \"Do you want to be alone for awhile?\" she asked eventually, aware that there was probably a lot going through his head currently. Elvis shook his head vehemently though. \"No,\" he said with certainty. \"I've spent plenty of time on my own lately.\" Audrey didn't reply, sensing that Elvis would continue the conversation when he was ready. Instead she enjoyed the peace of the afternoon sunlight, a welcome haven from the stresses of the day already and those to come later on. \"Funny thing about being a vampire, having all that time and all that power, just knowing you've got eternity stretching out ahead of you, it sucks every bit of desire out of you. And I mean desire for anything, not just some pretty girl you meet. Desire for human contact, for food, for new experiences, for knowledge or anything else. All you're left with is the need for blood.\" His sightless eyes were still turned up to the sky and Audrey wasn't entirely sure whether he was really trying to explain all of this to her or to himself. \"And now?\" she found herself asking. He tilted his head her way a little, a thoughtful expression playing about what little of his features were visible. \"It all comes flooding back, the need for everything else.\" The more he fought to articulate everything that was running through his mind, everything that he'd been feeling, or rather not feeling, for the last few years, the more it all slipped away. It was like there had been a pause in his life. Like everything had been put on hold when his heart stopped. \"I was dead for years and now I'm alive again. That's the only way I can explain it.\" Audrey watched him carefully and took in everything he said. There was a passion in Elvis's voice and a strength of will that she hadn't heard from anyone for years. The resistance was full of people who were tired, from years of running and hiding. She thought that in some ways, she could relate to Elvis' experiences as a vampire. In truth, she realised, her life had been similar for just as long. Except she had yet to experience a grand awakening. \"Thanks for helping me out here. I needed this,\" Elvis said suddenly, breaking the silence that had descended over them. \"I think I did to.\" Audrey wasn't sure where the words had come from but knew immediatly that they were right as Elvis smiled in understanding. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I own nothing, I'm a poor student not a multi million dollar film company, so don't sue"},{"Movie":"Daybreakers","Title":"Dusk","Author":"AngelofDarkness1566","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5680911","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I own none of the characters from Daybreakers. Dusk Prologue The thumping that was in my ears took me by surprise. My heart was beating. It was fucking beating. How in the hell did something like this happen? I just moments ago was without a pulse and now after drinking this humans blood I was human as well. I wasn't a vampire. I wasn't what I'd known for the longevity of my life. I was the me that I never wanted to be again. That girl Ali she haunted my memory. She reminded me so much of her , even though I'd blocked her very essence from my memory. After I was instructed to make Bromley's daughter into a vampire things changed. I became a completely different person. She hated what I'd turned her into I knew that. I should've never listened to his wants in the first place, but I did and I damned my conscience by doing so. Hell he put his own daughter out to burn after he realized she wasn't going to cooperate with what he wanted. Ali was biting herself just so she could die faster. In doing so she was becoming a subsider. Once we found all of the subsiders that lived on a dwindling supply of blood and we chained them up leaving them to die in the sun's inferno. She grabbed me, and after I watched her body turn to ash did I truly feel remorse for what I'd done. Following that I'd began to become the very thing in our society that we hunted without a beating heart. I didn't want anything to do with blood; I'd seen the suffering that I'd caused. I wasn't being the selfish bastard that I normally was. Like I said Ali changed me, just because she reminded me of the very person that I hadn't thought of in years. \"Truth is like the sun you can shut it out for the time, but it ain't going away.\" I stood staring out the window at the sun that was setting in the distance. A sight that I rarely viewed these past years. If it weren't for the video cameras that helped us drive or protective gear I would've never seen it. \"Are you going to help your brother?\" The man asked pressing the bandage to his neck where I left my mark. Apparently he was referred to as Elvis. \"What the hell do you think I'm going to do, stay here and let him die? Of course I'm going to fucking help him.\" I more then growled as I examined the blood that stained my uniform. My grip on the gun in my hand was tight. I was about ready to run towards the location where Ed was located even though I knew it would be a death trap for me. \"Take the car boy.\" Elvis said stretching his free arm out with the keys. Taking them from his hand I inhaled a deep breath. \"Where's it at?\" He murmured the direction that the car would be in and I found myself making a mad dash towards it. Time was of the essence, who knows what would happen if I didn't get there in time to help Ed. After finding the dark car I threw myself inside and the engine rumbled to life. I turned on the lights and threw the car into drive pressing the gas pedal with a lead foot. The sidewalks were almost deserted as I weaved in and out of the light traffic that scoured the streets. No doubt that they were deserted by the giant chase that had occurred earlier this day. Stay out of the way of military or you're screwed to put it simply. You get in big shit for assisting people on the run, especially humans. There was the Bromley Marks Pharmaceutical building. The tallest damn thing in the entire city looming over everything like it was God. I pressed my foot even harder on the pedal as I got closer. There was only one way to go in at the rate I was driving and that was through all of that glass. Cutting across the small median that was in the road I accelerated into the building. Crashing through the walls of glass I slammed on the breaks having every eye on me in that moment. Guns were pointed at me as I slammed open the door to the car, but I shot all of them that dared point their weapon at me. I kept my voice clear as I spoke to them about the cure, these were my comrades, and I hoped that they would listen to me. Once I even waivered emotion and control of my weapon showing them I meant no harm I could easily see that I was dead. Staring over to Ed my body was slammed into the car that moments before I had crashed through the glass. I could hear the agony in his voice as he yelled out to me. He knew I was going to die. Hell I knew I was going to die, but I was going to die for the greater good. Pain ripped through my body as my uniform was ripped open. Blood was being sucked out at every visible part of my chest. I couldn't help but feel that this was like karma from what I'd done throughout the past ten years. Turning Ed and feeding off of countless others that seemed like a good enough reason for me. I yelled out in pain a few times before I was drowned out by the very thing that was eating me. The life was being drained from my body as I lie there. For once in this useless existence I felt like I was doing something worthwhile. I tuned out the sounds of them gnawing at my skin, instead I stared up hoping to God Edward got out alive. My vision blurred and light flooded my eyelids. Then all I saw was my life flashing before my eyes, all good and bad memories…then I saw her. A/N: So as I watched this movie I honestly was full on intrigued by Frankie's character. I loved him, not to mention he wasn't too hard on the eyes. haha ; ) I thought that we didn't get to learn enough about Frankie, honestly just enough to make him a brotherly character which made me sad. So I wanted to give him a story and here it is. In my head this is how everything started. I'm hoping that you're at least slightly intrigued if not though, oh well. Though I've been wondering as I've honestly been trying to move on with chapter one. Do you think that Frankie was college-age or older when he was turned? Thanks for reading guys, I really appreciate it! :)[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: Obviously I don't own Daybreakers. Dusk Chapter One Nine Years Earlier I was hungry, so freaking hungry. Mom insisted on having these family meals every week since she and Dad divorced. I guess it gave her something to hold on to. Since Ed's car was in the shop for the time being I was instructed to pick him up from his work. Even at thirty-five he still came home for family dinners. He was definitely a family kind of guy. I unfortunately live at home currently unemployed, because my previous job laid off several of its workers. Myself included of course. \"Call Edward and see if he's ready to be picked up from work yet.\" Mom instructed from the kitchen. She was slicing away at some vegetables for dinner. I was surprised that she hadn't cut herself yet knowing her clumsiness. Picking up my cell phone from the coffee table I dialed the number to Ed's work. I waited for the secretary to page him for the call. After a two-minute pause of listening to awful filler music he picked up. \"This is Edward speaking.\" \"Where in the hell are you?\" I spoke lowly into the phone hoping that Mom didn't catch my words. \"Franklin don't you ever speak of Lucifer in this house.\" She demanded from the kitchen. That woman always did have excellent hearing, while I had Dad's sense of hearing which was selective. \"You know better then to say that around Mom.\" Ed chided on the line furthering my annoyance. I rolled my eyes even though I knew he couldn't see me. \"It's not my fault the woman has a talent for catching me when I don't want to be caught. Don't you remember when I had my apartment?\" I referred back to the time when Mom barged in my apartment while I was in the middle of what every twenty-four year old male does when they have a girlfriend. Sex. Ashlee and I broke up after that, which I only expected after Mom's consistent rambling and not leaving my apartment to let Ash gather some of her dignity. \"Of course I remember that, I don't think that you're ever going to let her live it down. Now what exactly do you need Frankie, I'm working?\" There was certain firmness in his voice that reeked of aggravation. \"When are you going to be done with work so I can come pick you up?\" Knowing him, he'd never be done with work unless he was forced out of the building. Sometimes the man was a workaholic. This happened to be the week where he decided being a workaholic was necessary. \"I don't know an hour.\" \"Ed don't be late, I do have class tonight.\" I could practically see him shaking his head at my comment. The phone line went dead and I felt the urge to throw my phone at the wall. Why did he always treat me like the annoying younger brother? I wasn't annoying; I was just doing what any brother did. \"So when will he be done?\" Mom asked brushing her graying hair from her eyes. \"Shortly.\" I responded curtly picking up the jacket that was draped over a chair next to me. \"I'm going to show up early though.\" She eyed me knowing that he wouldn't be pleased with my decision. \"Don't provoke him too much dear, after all he did just get his heart handed to him on a silver platter.\" Sadly I hadn't thought of that. Edward had always been a workaholic, but then when he and Nora started dating it wasn't nearly as bad. They dated for three years before he worked up the nerve to pop the question in which she told him she wasn't ready. They didn't last much longer after that. I honestly felt awful for him, but he didn't like to talk about it and I wasn't about ready to force it out. He'd talk when he was ready to. After I drove to Ed's work I found myself waiting in the lobby tapping my fingers on whatever surface I could find. \"That bored eh?\" The girl that sat across from me said looking up from her magazine. A smirk tugged at her lips as she sat it down on her lap. \"What made you think that?\" I stared over at her, her dark locks hung loosely from a braid. Her green eyes met my gaze and she smiled fully. The cold waiting room didn't seem nearly as bad now. \"You know I'm pretty sure I've seen you somewhere.\" She spoke once more her voice growing slightly soft as if she wasn't entirely positive. She wasn't completely confident in her statement so that surely was why she lowered her voice. \"Vanessa Townsend?\" A nurse opened a door that led to the backrooms. The girl stood throwing her braid over her shoulder. Giving another small smile to me she was whisked off into wherever. Sighing deeply I leaned back further into the pitifully cushioned chair. This waiting room was so bland. The off-white walls had nothing welcoming on them. The only thing that was remotely colorful was the maroon chairs scattered throughout the room. Looking to my watch I saw that I didn't have a great amount of time before I had to be to class tonight. Great, I was going to miss dinner because Edward decided to absorb himself in god knows what. His genetics obsession was ridiculous. Why not do a job that actually makes sense? I picked up one of the old magazines that sat on the table next to me. Once I read a few of the pages I found myself zoning out. I was hungry and I was annoyed. Not a great combination. Ed rushed past me before he heard me clear my throat loudly. Stopping he turned running a few fingers through his dark hair. His eyes skimmed across the room until they landed on me. \"You're early.\" He stated sighing lightly. Rolling my eyes I sat the magazine back on the table and stood up to follow him. \"We're having baked spaghetti.\" I spoke nonchalantly pulling out the keys to my grey car. Unlocking it I climbed inside waiting for my brother to do the same. He didn't want to talk, that much was evident. The silence in the car on the ride back to the house was thick. It almost seemed like there were unspoken words between us, but I didn't want to argue at this point in time. I just wasn't in the mood for it today. \"So how was work?\" I finally asked as we neared home. \"Interesting, today there was a genetic sample unlike any I've seen before to be quite honest.\" His tone rose with interest. I wish I could love any single job that I've held in my life as much as he loved his. Luckily I was going to school to change that aspect. \"Oh really, what'd it show?\" Glancing at him from the corner of my eye I smiled showing him I was being genuine about the topic. \"God I wish I could tell you, but it's strictly confidential.\" He sighed softly sinking into his seat a little bit. I'm sure it was driving him nuts. You can only talk with your co-workers so much about the same thing for so long. He may just have gotten the genetic sample today, but if I know Ed he decoded that thing as much as humanly possible. With that we were home. Dinner wasn't necessarily quiet, but it wasn't all conversation either. I had to eat quickly because of my night class. It really seemed to bother Mom that I was leaving in the middle of dinner, at least that's what I gathered from her rambling. I don't know why she was getting so upset, she was the one who set up these weekly dinners on the night of my class. I wasn't going to drop out of school a second time. I made it to class in record time, a few minutes before it was supposed to start. Normally I was here a little earlier, because I try to prepare myself instead of rustling around once the professor has started the lecture. Walking into the smaller lecture hall I sat at the desk I normally found myself at. I'd never really been into psychology, but it was one of the few classes left for this semester that I needed to take. Then across the room I saw a familiar pair of green eyes looking at me. Nonchalantly she adverted her gaze from mine. So this is why she recognized me, I felt mildly bad that I didn't recognize her in turn. I tapped my fingers lightly on the desk I sat at. \"Well that's enough for tonight's lecture, I'll see you all next week.\" Professor Thompson said shutting off the projector screen that she was lecturing from. Briskly I gathered my belongings and headed outside the room. A few minutes later Vanessa exited with a few friends. I noticed that she drifted away from them and towards me. She wore a grin and had a cocked eyebrow as stopped in front of me. \"You're an awfully familiar face, didn't I see you at the Mad Hatter last night?\" Pausing for a moment she continued, \" Oh wait, I saw you today at the doctors.\" Her assumption lay open-ended. \"Picking up my brother.\" I concluded her questionable statement. \"If you say so…\" \"Frankie,\" I finished for her returning her smile. She glanced behind me to where her friends more then likely stood. \"Frankie, if you didn't catch it earlier my names Vanessa, or Van if you please.\" Holding out her hand she waited for me to accept her handshake. I did so briefly knowing she was probably irritating her friends by how long she was taking. \"So can I count on seeing you at the Mad Hatter tonight?\" Her face lit up with confidence as she spoke. Hell why not, I hadn't been to a bar in a while. \"Sure can.\" I nodded as I spoke as if I needed to reaffirm what I said to her. As soon as I confirmed she bounced off to her friends. The only question I came up with while I stood there in awe for a minute was…would I need a wingman? A/N: So I do apologize for taking so long to update this. I'm a full time college student, and I think that takes priority to fanfiction. Sorry dearies. Good news is my summer is a week away...FINALLY! haha So I'd love to know your thoughts and constructive criticism that you might have so that I can make this better. I have really strived to make the characters believable and so forth. Am I doing okay thus far? Also is anyone interested in being a possible beta for this, my friend who usually betas is a little tied up right now with her school as well. Thanks for reading guys I seriously appreciate you taking the time to do so! :)[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: I don't own Daybreakers or any of the characters that appeared in it. Obviously. Dusk Chapter Two Adam sat next to me at the bar drinking his beer. His dark hair was tousled seeing, as I'd woke him up from a nap at nine-thirty in the evening. It made no sense to me that he would take a nap so late, but he wasn't exactly the average Joe. He was like the exact opposite of most people some times. He slept while people were awake; he was like a vampire without fangs. I chuckled as he took another swig of his drink. \"Aren't you going to get something to drink, I mean you are at a bar Frankie.\" He cocked his head in my direction eyeing me. \"Are this girls friends hot?\" He asked his gaze skimming over the female population that stood in groups. \"I'm waiting a little while before I even get close to getting trashed.\" I answered taking some of the peanuts that were in a dish on the bar. He looked as if he was waiting for me to answer another question. In all honesty I didn't know how to answer his other question so I just went with an assumption. \"Her friends are smoking, maybe you'll get lucky.\" That answer satisfied him as he took a giant handful of peanuts and washed them down with his beer. \"You look awfully lonely,\" a voice on the other side of me said. Vanessa was leaning over the counter placing an order when I looked over at her. Her dark brown hair was in loose waves and hung down her back. The lace camisole and skinny jeans hugged her in all of the right places. \"Take a picture it'll last longer.\" She smirked handing me a bottle. She was sharp, and she drank. This was definitely my kind of girl. \"Well you know I was waiting on this really hot date, but I think she stood me up.\" I took a drink glancing over at her. She'd made herself comfortable on the barstool next to mine. Leaning onto her elbow she examined me with a satisfied smirk. \"What a bitch.\" She laughed brushing a few strands of hair from her face with a free hand. \"That's what I thought.\" \"You brought a wingman?\" Vanessa questioned gesturing to Adam that sat in a daze on the other side of me. \"Tell me you brought a friend.\" \"She's right over there.\" She nodded towards a blonde with mildly short hair was exiting from the bathroom. Taking a drink she stood up motioning for her friend to come to her. She snaked through the crowd and sighed a breath of relief once she reached Vanessa. \"Kate, Frankie, Frankie Kate.\" She motioned with her hand after taking a quick drink. I smiled giving a small wave. \"Finally a vagina.\" Adam said lightly next to me. I resisted the urge to break out in a loud laugh. \"Kate this is my friend Adam.\" I signaled as he swung around in his seat. \"Hi Adam,\" she smiled tucking some hair behind her ear. I turned my back on the two of them when he asked her if he could buy her a drink. \"So tell me about yourself.\" Looking over to me she paused for a moment grabbing the barstool next to me once more. \"Well I'm an Aries, twenty-two years old, single, and a religious studies major. How about you?\" \"That tells me a lot.\" I snorted finishing the rest of my beer. She was a pretty open person though, she didn't seem like she was scared to take charge of any situation. \"Since you gave me so much information I thought I'd win you over by telling you I'm a Scorpio. I'm twenty-five, attached, and a criminal justice major.\" Her face paled when I said I was attached. \"I'm just kidding, I've been single for a while.\" \"Jerk,\" she slapped my arm downing the rest of her drink. Thus began our conversation of why we were both single. Not a typical conversation I know, but I don't think we're necessarily typical people. We seemed to mesh well, and I had just met her that day. It's not something I can say about everyone I've met. Vanessa was single, because she just hadn't found the right guy yet. She went on about how they wanted someone who they could boss around and she most definitely wasn't the type of person to get bossed around. She had a very distinct personality, and the minute they went to complain about it they were history to her. She didn't put up with shit. The more she talked, the more I liked her. She was a character, and quite the catch in my opinion. She sympathized when I discussed what my Mom had done. She was just different. At the end of the night we exchanged numbers and with that I was gone. \"You two seemed quite chummy.\" Adam said rolling down the window to my car. I could almost detect a little bit of jealousy in his voice. I guess he and Kate didn't hit it off extremely well. I shrugged as I pulled through the green light to get onto the interstate. \"You told me she was bringing friends, as in plural.\" \"Dude, you're just pissed, because you didn't get fucked.\" I exclaimed looking over to him for a minute. \"You're right. It's been too long bro I need a good fuck.\" The alcohol was starting to influence his once intelligent speech. He knew I hated when he referred to me as \"bro.\" \"Well then Adam, it sounds like you need to find a prostitute or a strip club to relieve yourself. Maybe find yourself some good porn to get off on. Seeing as the first one's illegal, the second one would be public indecency, looks like you're going to have to go with option number three.\" He opened up my glove box, and began to sort through it. \"Dude, what do you think you're doing?\" I questioned getting off at the exit to get to his house. \"Do you have any good stuff in here?\" His words slurred together slightly. \"What do you mean good stuff, porn?\" \"Yeah that stuff Frankster.\" I rolled my eyes. I had to be tolerant. I was drunk once and he took care of me. Turning onto Oak Street I passed the dimly lit houses. It was much later then I thought it was. \"I don't carry around porn in my car, my collection is in my room.\" His house was not too far before the cul-de-sac, and there it was 5643 Oak Street. He was home. \"Where are your keys?\" Adam searched around in his jean pockets and pulled out a tiny key-chain that contained his house and car keys. Snatching them from him I walked around to get him out of the car. He walked pretty decent for someone who just seemed out of it. He stumbled a few times on the walkway to his house, but he didn't fall. After I made sure he got inside safely I went home and collapsed in my bed happily. Abruptly I was woken up when the curtains to my room were opened sending the blinding sun over my bed. \"Rise and shine Frankie.\" Mom had a chipper yet cold tone to her voice. What did I do now? Glancing over to my clock it said an early hour of the morning that I wasn't used to waking at. I groaned throwing back the comforter and escorting myself to the shower. I felt disgusting. After my shower was done I walked to my room with my towel on. I scrounged through a pile of clothes that was on top of my dresser going with the more recent clean things, which happened to be a tee shirt and jeans. I should really get on with doing my laundry. Just because I was living under Mom's roof didn't mean she'd do things like that for me anymore. I shook my head lightly grabbing my towel from off my bed and throwing it back over the shower rod. Walking myself to the kitchen I opened the fridge grabbing the milk jug from the top shelf. I lifted myself onto the granite counter opening the jug. I took a long swig of it when I saw Mom out of the corner of my eye tapping her foot impatiently. I'd done something obviously, so I figured I'd go ahead and ask in hopes to clear the air. Living with someone who was pissed at you, not fun. \"What?\" I asked putting the cap back onto the milk container. \"First Franklin,\" she stated taking the milk from my hands and back into the fridge, \"get off the counter.\" I hopped off of the counter standing to my full height. Not that I was trying to intimidate her, but I figure I should at least go with some respect since she was my Mother. \"Second, we have cups. You may be my son, but I don't want your grimy germs on the milk that we both drink.\" I always forget that's she a borderline germaphobic. \"Third, just because I'm letting you stay here for a while doesn't mean you can treat it like your old apartment. I like my house clean. Last when you're under my roof you will tell me where you go whether you like it or not. I know I raised you better.\" \"I'm twenty-five Mom, there's no need for lectures.\" I argued taking note of my phone ringing in the next room. \"Where were you anyways?\" She challenged walking into the other room and grabbing the phone that I placed on the coffee table last night. I didn't respond as my mouth gaped at the fact that she flipped it open and answered it. \"Hello?\" Oh shit. I knew who it was, and I grew extremely mortified. Isn't it possible to outgrow things like this? No, sometimes I think parents are there to make life completely miserable. \"No, I'm afraid he's busy right now, I will have him return your call later.\" Hanging up the phone she crossed her arms over my chest. \"Now, enlighten me dear.\" Finally I let out a huge sigh. \"I was at a bar, a girl from class invited me.\" \"Oh, really? Why didn't you stay with her then, I heard you traipsing in the house this morning.\" Here I was thinking that I was quiet this morning. \"I was just getting to know her Mom, scouts honor.\" I motioned saluting with two fingers. \"Franklin.\" Here it comes. \"I don't think I've ever been so proud of you. You're finally becoming a man.\" She suddenly seemed so delighted pulling me into a hug. She was either bipolar or going through menopause. So what was I for the past seven years since I turned eighteen? A/N: So I got this chapter out a lot quicker then I thought that I would. This is what occurs when I avoid school work like having to play Second Life. haha Though after I update this I think I'm going to have to play it if I intend on writing that damn paper over it. Any volunteers? Anyways I kind of want you to get to know the other characters. I mean obviously Frankie is a big part since this story is about him, and all. I just don't want to rush into it too much if you catch my flow. Hopefully all of you enjoyed this chapter, and also I'd love to know your thoughts/questions/concerns on this chapter. Any of those would be greatly appreciated. I hope to update soon, maybe next week if I'm/you're lucky! haha Thanks for reading guys, it's greatly appreciated![Chapter 4] Disclaimer: I don't own Daybreakers or any of the characters that are used from the movie. Dusk Chapter Three \"Twilight fans eat your heart out. An odd virus has been noted in Southern California. A young resident there has been to the hospital a few times with reported vampire-like symptoms. No one is quite sure of how this occurred; the child said that a bat allegedly bit them. So please use caution when out at night, and try to avoid bat hotspots. Stay tuned for the eleven o'clock news for more information. Now back to you Jon.\" I sat next to Mom on the couch staring at the television screen. \"That's…weird.\" I paused taking a minute to ponder the fact that there's a vampire-like virus in existence. This world has gotten weird. \"I never liked those books, too many kids went rabid over them.\" Mom said pointedly changing the station to The Food Network. \"I bet half of those kids never even touched a classic like To Kill a Mockingbird, or Tale of Two Cities.\" I did agree those book and movies were everywhere nowadays. That Rob Potts or whatever his name was one ugly mother, I don't see why girls swooned over him anyways. \"Frankie dear.\" She had a questionable tone in her voice. I wasn't sure what to expect. I nodded waiting for her to continue. \"I want you to invite Vanessa over for dinner Friday.\" \"Why?\" I asked knowing that she would obviously have a reason. Moms were always like that. \"I want to know who you're keeping company with these days.\" \"Well I'll have to call her and see if she's interested.\" \"Oh trust me, she'll be interested.\" Mom smiled sweetly. It was if she was saying if she likes you as a friend she'll come. Adam had only come to dinner far and few between. He was a little vulgar for her tastes. Vanessa and I had hung out pretty frequently the past few weeks; I found out that she liked to volunteer at the animal shelter when she got a chance. I'd tagged along with her a few times, she was most definitely a dog person. Thank God, I couldn't stand cats. A trait that I'd inherited from Mom. Escorting myself to my room I whipped out my cell phone. Quickly I dialed Vanessa's phone number. \"You know your apparent need to talk to me frequently is very unbecoming.\" She joked waiting for me to talk. \"You wish Van.\" I remarked feeling a smile tug at my lips. She always did make me smile; she was just that kind of person that could light up a room. \"Look Mom wants you to come over for dinner on Friday.\" \"Like a date?\" I could hear her practically laughing on the other end of the line. \"No like my Mom wants to meet you.\" \"You owe me.\" \"What do I owe you?\" I wasn't sure if this would be a good or a bad thing. \"Come to my house and see.\" Whoa, bold move there Van. \"It's six o'clock.\" I retorted knowing that was hardly an excuse. I've gone places in much later hours before; I was trying to clean up that act since my escapade from last time. \"And I'm a virgin.\" \"What? Wait, what?\" There was no way she was a virgin that was just weird. I mean I knew no one my age that was a virgin. \"I thought we were talking about shit that didn't matter Frankie. Come over and return the favor that I'm so graciously doing for you.\" \"Fine, give me twenty minutes.\" I huffed into the phone snapping it shut. Not too much later then our phone conversation I found myself knocking on the door to her house. \"It's open.\" Vanessa shouted from inside. Oh God, was she intending on me taking her virginity? Was she naked? I mean I like having sex as much as the next guy, but I didn't want to ruin the friendship we developed. Why didn't she answer the door to reassure me? Now my mind was racing a mile a minute wishing she would've answered the door. I could just imagine her wearing some lacy black ensemble. Damn it Frankie, snap out of it. Friends. As I scolded myself I failed to notice that she had opened the front door. \"I said the door was open,\" she said rather breathless as she looked at me. I took the moment to actually look at her to relieve my thoughts. Thank god I did. She was just wearing a pair of shorts and an AC/DC shirt. \"Sorry, I was just checking out the siding on your house. Looks like it needs cleaned.\" \"Nice save,\" she commented grabbing my arm and pulling me inside. Quickly she shut the door behind me. Maybe my thoughts weren't so relieved anymore; what was the hurry? \"What's this favor anyhow, why couldn't it wait?\" I snapped observing her living room. The television was muted and on the History channel and she had a frappucino sitting on the coffee table. \"I need help walking my dogs, is that so shocking?\" Her statement threw me off completely. After all of that worrying she just wanted help with her dogs. I felt like such an idiot. I forgot that she had dogs; even though she's told me more then once that her dogs were her one true love. I remember I laughed and called her crazy. She left the room to retrieve her dogs I assume. \"Who's who again?\" I asked as she brought in two polar opposites of dog breads. One was giant while the other one was small. Quite a pair I might say. \"This,\" she motioned to the smaller dog of the two, \"is my corgi Puck.\" Standing up after petting the small dog she continued her statement. \"I feel that this goes without saying. Meet Jack.\" The large St. Bernard looking dog's tongue hung out as she ruffled his fur. Puck was already standing at my feet as if he was begging me to pet him, while Jack stayed by Vanessa seemingly comfortable in her presence. \"Let me go get their leashes and we'll go for a walk in the park. Can we take your car?\" \"The park's not that far, let's just walk.\" \"Well since you insist you can walk Jack, he always gets really excited when we go on walks.\" I could hear the satisfaction in her voice This ought to be fun. I sat at the dinner table picking at the food on my plate. This was a dish Mom never needed to bother making again, I found after trying this that I didn't like pesto. \"I'm guessing by your lack of appetite this is a no go Frankie.\" She'd been testing food on me all week. \"Just make something simple Mom, I mean go with breaded chicken. What person doesn't like it?\" \"I know dear, I just don't want to screw this up. It's the first girl you've had over for dinner since high school.\" Covering up the casserole dish with some plastic wrap she put it in the fridge. \"It's not like she's my girlfriend. Do remember you invited her too.\" I stated pushing the plate a little ways off the forest green placemat on the table. \"I invited Edward too. Stop being so cynical Franklin, you're like your father all over again.\" She took the porcelain plate that was in front of me to the trashcan scraping the contents into it. \"Be more open to change. I don't want you to end up old and alone like me.\" \"You're not alone.\" I said standing up to look at her. I got her dark eyes, and everything else was from Dad. \"I could've chosen a better choice of words. I just want a grandkid and obviously Edward isn't going to supply one anytime soon seeing as Nora is no longer in the picture. I want someone besides my amazing kids to love.\" She tucked some of her dark hair behind her ear. This was most definitely a side of Mom that I hadn't seen before; or rather she'd never let me see. She tried to be so motherly and affectionate all the time that I guess I never truly considered her feelings. I walked to her giving her a hug. \"I love you Frankie.\" She said knowing that I wouldn't say the exact words back. \"I'm sorry I'm not the best Mom I can be.\" \"You too.\" I spoke softly, \"You did the best job you can, that's all I could ask for.\" \"Edward,\" I spoke into the telephone receiver as I paced through my room. \"Mom broke out the home videos.\" Glancing into the living room I saw her sitting on the couch with tissues and coffee watching them intently. Every now and then she would break out in a sob fest. \"What did you do?\" He scolded on the other end of the phone. \"Contrary to belief I did nothing.\" I hissed wishing he were in front of me so I could punch him or something. Why in the hell does everyone make out everything to be my fault? It drove me nuts. \"Okay, okay I believe you.\" He said pausing before speaking again. \"Which one is it?\" Moving to my door once more I looked to the television screen I saw a teenage Edward whirling me around by my ankles on a beach. I was still a toddler then, but Mom talked about this trip frequently as I grew up. We went to Florida for a family vacation and we all got along for once, it was a rarity once I got past age six that we got along. He was too good for me, and hanging out with his friends all the time. At least that's how I saw it. \"She's watching the beach one right now.\" I didn't remember which beach it was, who kept track of those things anyway? \"She'll be good by tomorrow Frankie, just let her drink her coffee and cry. She's just reminiscing, it happens every so often.\" \"If you insist Ed.\" It was creepy how he knew exactly what she was doing, yet again he had lived longer then I. So it was only natural that he'd seen something like this beforehand. \"I'll see you at dinner tomorrow.\" \"Yeah you too.\" A/N: Firstly I give full credit to whoever used this quote. I just messed with it a little bit. :)\"She said she had a boyfriend. I said I had a goldfish. She said what, and I said oh sorry I thought we were talking about shit that doesnt matter.\" I came across that part and couldn't resist using something like that it cracked me up too much not to use. Second, whooo! Daybreakers comes out today. Okay I really just wanted to thank everyone for reading this, I really appreciate it and would always love to know your thoughts and what you think that I can do to improve it. Also just curious, which character (doesn't even have to be one of the OC) do you like thus far in this? Thanks for reading! : )[Chapter 5] Dusk Chapter Four The doorbell to the house rang through the house. Turning off the television I placed the remote on the side table carefully. I knew Mom would bite my head off if she found anything out of place. She was a perfectionist like that. Opening the door I found Vanessa standing poised with a smile on her face. Her dark brown hair hung down her back in waves. She pulled at the cardigan she wore over her lace shirt; it must have been a nervous habit. Though I've never exactly known Vanessa to be a nervous person. \"Are you…nervous?\" I asked opening the door wider for her to step in. \"Nope,\" she spoke walking past me stopping a little ways into the living room. Shutting the door behind her I stopped. I don't think I ever noticed just how small the living room was until we stood in it together. Maybe I just thought it was slightly cramped because of all of the furniture that was in it. \"You sure? You're fidgeting with everything in sight.\" I stared pointedly at her now messing with the button on her jeans. \"I'm quite positive, thank you.\" She said staring past me. I turned around figuring out exactly what she was staring at. Mom stood there with a smile planted on her face. \"Frankie stop pestering the poor girl.\" She chided tucking her hair behind an ear. \"Mom,\" I protested as she pushed past me embracing Vanessa in a hug. \"Hi Mrs. Dalton.\" \"Sandra,\" she corrected turning to me. \"Show her around while I finish dinner will you?\" She asked looking out the window that showed the front yard. \"Oh Edward's here.\" In a few quick steps she was already at the front door. Vanessa moved next to me. \"You invited Ed Mom?\" I groaned glancing to Van out of the corner of my eye. \"Is there a problem with having your brother over for dinner?\" \"Not at all.\" Sighing I noticed her tuck a strand of hair behind her ear. Abruptly I grabbed her small arm and pulled her down the hallway. Stopping I pointed to the door at the end. \"That would be the bathroom, and the room next to that the guest. The room we passed is mine.\" I realized my wrong wording choice the minute she turned going past me throwing open the door. As I took off after her I saw Edward eyeing the two of us. No Ed we're not a couple, the minute you even get that idea I will hit you on the spot. \"Nice briefs,\" she commented gesturing to the open drawer. \"They just fucking sit there anyways. I prefer boxers.\" \"Sure you do.\" The smirk on her face widened. Next time I'm making a note to dig through her drawers when I'm at her house. \"Oh yeah, I don't recommend one of those porn videos you have tucked away. It's pretty lame. If I were you I'd choose something different to jerk off to.\" I think she saw my eyes get pretty wide with her statement. \"Porn Fridays.\" She responded. \"I got tricked into one a few months back, the so called movie was really porn.\" This girl never ceases to amaze me. \"Van-\" \"Frankie dinner.\" Mom shouted from the kitchen. I took this as my opportunity to not finish my statement that I don't think Van heard, as well as getting her out of my room. I was going to have to do damage control. It is always awkward when things like this get thrown out of the closet. \"Time to go,\" I went behind her pushing her out of my room. Giggling she made her way back to the living room waiting a moment for me to enter the kitchen. \"Are you just that embarrassed Frankie?\" She said escorting herself into the dining room that opened into the kitchen. Following her I stopped short of Edward so I could introduce her. \"No I'm not.\" I walked over to Edward. \"Edward, Vanessa, Vanessa, Edward.\" They both stuck out a hand at the same time. Vanessa smiled taking a firm grasp of his hand shaking it. \"Are you two?\" How did I know that Ed was going to ask that? Because I'm fucking psychic. She spoke up first, beating me to the punch. \"Nope, we're just friends. Though I must say that whatever girl ends up with Frankie will be one lucky dog. He's an awesome guy.\" Wow, I can't necessarily say I was expecting her to say something like that. Was she foreshadowing something with her words? I couldn't tell, she seemed genuine. So after what seemed like a long agonizing dinner of questions, all from Mom might I add; I walked Vanessa to her car. \"So, uh yeah. That wasn't awkward at all.\" I scratched behind my neck as she shrugged. \"I guess I have to be approved as a friend sometime. Besides, I think that your Mom is really sweet, Edward is just well he's quiet.\" \"Want to hang after class tomorrow?\" \"I'm sure I can pencil you in my busy schedule.\" She joked opening the door to her jetta. \"Well, I'm off.\" She paused glancing at me for a brief moment. \"Thanks for coming to dinner.\" I stopped her holding her car door still. \"What are friends for?\" A small smile formed on her lips. \"I guess just being awesome.\" Sticking up my hand I waited for a high five. Lame Frankie…Lame. I felt myself jab the buttons on the Playstation controller. I was getting pissed; Adam was beating me to a bloody pulp. \"Back off dude.\" I said short with my words. I had to keep myself in the game or he would win even more then he was now. \"Stop whining,\" he retorted pausing the game. Our characters both stood mid-fight on the screen frozen in place. \"I'm not whining.\" \"Have you fucked her yet?\" \"What the hell does that have to do with anything dude? We're just friends.\" \"If you're just friends, then I'm the Queen of merry fucking England.\" \"Well your highness what tells you differently?\" Unpausing the game my character got delivered the final blow again on the television screen. Today was just not my day. \"No girl wants to be 'just friends'\" He emphasized the just friends part adamantly. \"Sooner or later she'll develop feelings for you.\" \"Then what was Alyssa to you?\" I could see that I hit a soft spot when his shoulders slumped slightly. \"Wasn't she just your friend?\" \"Either way someone ends up getting hurt dude. Alyssa fucked me up okay? Is that what you wanted me to say?\" Adam demanded dropping the controller on the coffee table. \"No, not really, but that would explain your alcohol problem. You're always drinking beer Adam, you should probably sober up if you really want to meet someone.\" \"Says the guy who hasn't been in a relationship for the past year. Are you sure you're up to par. You're sober?\" His dark hair fell over his eyes as he reached for his beer. \"Of course I'm up to par.\" I responded taking a swig of my beer. \"Rematch?\" I questioned throwing away this conversation. I hated arguing with Adam. \"I'm gonna kick your ass again Dalton, sure you can handle it?\" \"We'll see who the winner will be.\" I challenged picking up my controller again. I was determined to win at least one match against him today. A/N: So I'm really sorry that this took over a month to get out, and it's not even super long. Life has been one crazy mess, it's just now that work decided to work me three days a week instead of four to five (which kind of depresses me a little, I'm saving for a new camera.) So I should be able to get things out with a little more speed nowadays. Also on a much happier note, I'm working on a Daybreakers one-shot that I'm super excited about. I just need to get it moving along. haha In regards to a question that was asked by a reviewer, this is not an Alison and Frankie story. If there was an confusion I'm sorry about that, feel free to PM me with any questions you have regarding it if you have more. I'll be more then happy to explain. I really hope that you all enjoyed this even though it took a while. I'd love to know your thoughts. Thanks for reading guys, I really appreciate it. :) ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I own none of the characters from Daybreakers. Dusk Prologue The thumping that was in m"},{"Movie":"The Room, 2003","Title":"The Room","Author":"MinorityofStars","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12992175","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Room Johnny busted through the door to the roof yelling, \"I did not hit her it's not true it's bull crap I did not!\" Johnny looks with dead eyes in front of him suddenly to find his best friend in the whole world sitting in a chair with a football for no reason. \"Oh hi Mark.\" Mark throws the football at Johnny's face and the football goes into his mouth and Johnny starts choking on it. Mark rushes to Johnny. \"Oh no Johnny I'm so sorry I didn't know your mouth was so big!\" Johnny convulses and chokes thrashing on the ground as blood begins to trickle out of his mouth. Mark smacks him in the face. \"Snap out of it man It's just a football lodged halfway in your throat!\" Suddenly Mark begins to get a call on his phone. \"Oh no it's Lisa.\" Mark answers the phone, \"Hi Lisa how're you today?\" Lisa answers in a panicked voice. \"Mark Denny's been getting into cocaine again and he's on a rampage!\" Mark hears loud yelling and smashing of objects in the background. \"Don't worry Lisa Johnny will whip him up into shape.\" Mark helps Johnny up and takes him downstairs to talk with Denny about his addiction. Johnny falls over halfway down the stairs and flips over and lands in front of Lisa at the bottom of the stairs. The football is still lodged deep in his throat and he is writhing around on the floor. Mark then trips and falls too and lands in a way that shoves the football deeper. Johnny's eyes bulge halfway out of his head and all he can manage is muffled screams. \"What the heck happened Mark?!\" Mark laughs, \"Oh Lisa we were just having a ball.\" Lisa kisses Mark and Denny screams and punches holes in the wall and cocaine spills out. He begins to roll around in it and inhale it deeply into his system. Denny screams as the cocaine begins to fill the room and he is unable to inhale it all fast enough. Johnny thrashes about in the cocaine as blood begins to flow from his eyes and trickle out of his mouth slowly but surely. Suddenly Johnny pulls himself up and his muscles begin to grow, and his shirt explodes, and he grows fangs that pop that football. Lisa screams, \"What's happening?!\" Johnny laughs, \"Oh Lisa remember I am a vampire!\" Johnny turns to face Lisa and Mark not realizing his eyes are still bulging out. \"Oh, I am sorry friends just one second.\" Johnny shoves his eyes back into his skull using his thumbs. Denny emerges from the cocaine screaming and shoving copious amounts into his mouth trying to hide it before Johnny sees. Denny manages to scream \"I'm not an addict!\" Johnny laughs, \"Oh Denny you remind me so much of myself when I was young.\" Mark snaps out of his shock, \"Johnny the room is filling with cocaine!\" Johnny gives a hearty laugh, \"Well Mark there's only one thing to do. We must consume it all!\" Johnny begins to inhale and devour the cocaine filling the room. Lisa gets to work as well. \"Come on Mark its our only shot at survival!\" The four can't devour cocaine fast enough and it fills to the ceiling but suddenly the cocaine is replace by a body that is growing to enormous proportions. Denny is no longer devouring the cocaine. Denny has become cocaine. Cocaine is coming to him like a magnet and being absorbed into his skin and into his blood stream. Mark and Lisa are crushed by Denny's growing body but Johnny escapes into the night. Cocaine from all over the world comes to Denny and he becomes so big he absorbs the Earth itself and becomes planet Denny where life forms that thrive on cocaine thrive. ","Summary":" The Room Johnny busted through the door to the roof yelling, \"I did not hit her it's not true it's"},{"Movie":"The Room, 2003","Title":"Tommy Vs The Apocalypse","Author":"MinorityofStars","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12976131","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Tommy Vs. The Apocalypse (Tommy and the gang team up to survive the alpacalips. Daring enemies are discovered, magical moments are had, emotions are brought, and twists happen. Can our team of colorful heroes survive? can they get along? Can they find Claudette? Can they solve the secret of the ooze? Reed my story to find out) The year is 2019. The world has been nearly decimated by nuclear bombardments. Dozens of peoples are dead! But amongst this nuclear mayham, one hero remains standing boldly and true. Tommy Wiseu has survived the attacks by taking cover in his basement along with his bestest friend Mark and his loveable, completely trustworthy and supportive fiancé, Lisa. Together, they wander the wasteland and finds food and other cool things to keep them a live. This is they're story. \"We still needs to travels 20 miles to get to town!\" Mark barked as he hotwired a car. \"There could be food there. And maybe other survivours,\" \"Ha ha ha,\" Tommy laughed, throwing his saggy, pale arm around Lisa's neck. \"Wee caen doo-ett, if wee wurk togtheair as a fawmilee. And I lauve Lisa sao much.\" There is an awkward pause before Tommy playfully shoves Lisa towards the car, but she is quickly thrown offbalance and cracks her skull on the ajar door. The air resonates with a sickening cracking noise, but Lisa shakes it off. \"Yu guys get en carrr,\" Tommy says. \"I wail luuk arouwd four troubel.\" Mark and Lisa get into the car. \"He's dead weight you know,\" Lisa remarks, staring out over the junkyard of oblivion. \"We should ditch him now, Mark… ditch him and live our lives together.\" \"He's my best friend,\" Mark stammers. \"I can't just leave him to die.\" \"Let's leave him to die, Mark,\" Lisa suggests. \"Okahy,\" Mark replies and gives a harty thumbs up. They both look out the window and see Tommy cluelessly scanning the charred horizon, sweating profusely and allowing his wrinkly, unnatural face to sag more than usual, as if it will drop off at any moment. Before Mark and the loveable Lisa can drive away, there is a sudden quaking sensation. \"What was that's?\" Lisa screams directly in Mark's earlobe. \"IS it monster!?\" \"Lisaaa,\" Tommy say now, dawning his shades. \"En Hell, we are ALL mauwnsters.\" The ground continues to shake and everyone watches as a ginormouse mutated monster storms over the hillside. It smells of rotten fishsticks and wet carboards. \"Is that who I think it is?!\" Lisa shrieks, spitting all over Mark's face. Sure enough, the monster steps out of the shadows, revealing himself to be a mutant DENNY! \"Hi guys,,\" the Denny monster says. \"im so happy to see you.\" Befre anyone can sa anything, Tommy violently attacks the Denny with a barbed wire club, cracking it down on his head. Denny stumbles back as green ooze oozes from hiss lumpy back. Tommy breaths heavier than what is considered natural and begin to kick the downed Denny repeatedly in the gut as if trying to crack open a festive piñata. \"Yeeew are nawt guud!\" Tommy shouts over and over as Mark desperately tries to hold him back. \"I KILL YEEEEW DENNYYY! I kiiil yew!\" \"MY STOMACH IS GOING TO BURST!\" DENNY SOBS. Tommy uses his flabby strength to hurl Mark comedically far out of the way. Not wasting any time, Tommy pulls out a black oak – copper barrel -sawed off shotgun, and points it to Denny's teary eyes. \"Yew know wat they saey,\" Tommy mumbles almost incoherently as he wipes the greese from his hands and face. \"Love is bliiind.\" BAM! tommy completely misses the shot and ends up shooting himself directly in the chest. \"IS he okay!?\" Lisa howls, dropping to her knees next to tommy as blood goes everywhere. But Mark doesn't seem to care now, he calmly walk back to his car and hop in. \"Why do you not care about Tommy!?\" Denny struggles to breath through a collapsed lung. Mark looks at the two of them and finally says loudly: \"I….. AM…..RACIST!\" Mark drivs away and Dominic is happy because now he can use Big Cheese saying that line out of context in future videos. At last, the sun sets over the strawberry hills and the world returns to asunder. But amid all the chaos and destruction, one shaky voice still calls out to the night. \"I'll beeea bayck.\" TH END ","Summary":" Tommy Vs. The Apocalypse (Tommy and the gang team up to survive the alpacalips. Daring enemies are "},{"Movie":"The Room, 2003","Title":"Johnny's Funeral","Author":"pumpkaboo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12307047","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Denny and Mark had been busy with the preparations for Johnny's funeral. It all seemed so sudden that they really had no time to organise a lot of it. Luckily for them, the flower shop lady was more than happy to help out with free bouquets of flowers. She did know Johnny's favourite flowers better than anyone. He was her favourite customer after all. Denny was sad, Johnny was like his father, but at least he got to wear his tux since there was no longer an upcoming wedding. Mark hadn't spoken about his feelings. He also didn't intend to. He had decided not to write a speech for the funeral. However, the flower shop lady was more than happy to oblige. She stood up at the podium amongst all the people that knew Johnny, tears streaming down her usually cheerful face. \"My dog loved that man\" she started. \"He was so nice and came in every day and you see that over there?\" The crowd looked around in vague directions. \"That's his best friend Mark\" she finished. She stepped down from the podium and placed some flowers on his coffin. Mark and Denny had to agree that it was the perfect ending to a great mans life. ","Summary":" Denny and Mark had been busy with the preparations for Johnny's funeral. It all seemed so sudden th"},{"Movie":"The Room, 2003","Title":"A Dogs Eye View","Author":"pumpkaboo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11632113","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Another day watching the desk at the flower shop and being a total boss ass motherfucker. The dog looked around using its stout little neck. He spotted a bizarre individual, one he had seen before many times. After all, he was at the most popular spot in the whole shop. The register. He had never wanted to reject a pat before, god knew he loved them, but as the greasy haired man's hand edged closer, he shrunk his little neck in to avoid it. Nope. He had been patted. \"Hai doggie\" the man said. The dog looked around at the man, than at the owner of the store, his master, as the man left. Dogdamn this was a weird day. ","Summary":" Another day watching the desk at the flower shop and being a total boss ass motherfucker. The dog l"},{"Movie":"The Room, 2003","Title":"The Room - Alternate Ending","Author":"auroraknux","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12578681","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Everyone betrayed me! I'm fedup with this WUROLD!\" Mark stared after the heartbroken Johnny as he went upstairs. \"Hey, wait!\" Mark headed toward the stairs. Lisa tried to follow him, but he stopped her. \"Stay here, Lisa. I have to talk to him alone.\" Johnny was lying on his bed, curled up in the fetal position. His future wife had been cheating on him, and with his best friend no less! He was absolutely miserable. \"Johnny?\" Johnny didn't even turn around to face his friend. \"Go away, Mark.\" \"Johnny, we need to talk.\" Mark sat down on the bed. \"You betrayed me!\" Johnny reminded him, in his usual monotone. \"You are using me, and I am the fool.\" \"Johnny...\" Mark hesitated. \"I'm gay.\" \"Then why did you sleep wit Lisa?\" Johnny asked. \"Because it's the closest I could get to being with you.\" Johnny sat up in surprise. \"What do you mean?\" \"I love you, Johnny.\" \"What's taking them so long?\" Lisa wondered. \"I'm getting bored.\" She decided to head upstairs to see what was going on. When she reached the top, she saw the last thing she ever expected to see: Johnny and Mark were on their bed; Mark was on top of Johnny, both of them completely naked. Lisa stared in shock, her jaw practically to the floor. \"You...and him...and that crappy R&B; music...?\" \"Get out!\" both men said in unison. \"Go and spend time with Denny,\" Johnny added. \"YES!\" shouted Denny, who had been standing there the entire time. Lisa sighed. \"Well, as long as we can do it on the spiral staircase...\" she mumbled. ","Summary":" \"Everyone betrayed me! I'm fedup with this WUROLD!\" Mark stared after the heartbroken Johnny as h"},{"Movie":"The Room, 2003","Title":"The room 2 the reuturn","Author":"supr riter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12557853","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ps - hey everboy im back wit a new storey afeter a log abstience (togh word!) wit a new sotry for u to ejnoy. NOW GO AND EJOY ITTT! pps - this is very itereting movie peple say its bad but me? i tink its ok. not grate! but not BAD eitger. it needs squeal so heir it is. ppps - my fiend says their a very iteresting plot idae that didnt get ito the final mofie. as a craetor of story two, i NOW that feel broder! my story haf so many idae that dont get in. so i put that polt idae ito my story. mabe room craetor can make a fafficon of my faficon with the cut stuff. STORY BEGIN \"im so sad johny is dead.' says mark. 'he my bestest fiend' mark cries. 'i cant belief he comit seweside. hes a god frend.' 'i agree' says danny. 'lisa tear him apart huh' (this is REFRECE to the bit where tomy goes 'YOUR TERING ME APART! in cae ur not notice.) then mark and danny goes to sleping. but then ' OH HI MARK!' say a familar voise. 'JOHNY IS THAT YOU' 'YES ITS ME' says johny. 'i have a confeson to say to u. i like vapire.' mark scratshes him haed. 'why u telling me?' 'BECAUASE, DENNY, IM A VAPIRE!' johny says as wing come out foam him back. they looking like big balack bat wing. then a car wit vapire wings flys ito the hose. 'oh my GOD tommy i cant beliefe it!' mark says 'BUT IM A WEARWOLF' (fun facet theirs a game cal wearwolf my fiends played it) 'hahaha, WHAT A STORY MARK' says tomy. 'not sure what to thiking about that. u wearwolf but ur aslo my frend.' 'please no johny, i love you' 'haha, i love u too mark i dont like lisa shes mean' says tomy. 'now let me go get a fotball and well play fotball wit it. ok?' END ps - THEIRS ANOTER PART I MIHT ADD ","Summary":" ps - hey everboy im back wit a new storey afeter a log abstience (togh word!) wit a new sotry for u"},{"Movie":"The Room, 2003","Title":"One month to live","Author":"joe1413","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11042001","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Room: Lisa's Mother's plot Lisa's mother, Claudette, only wants to live. Claudette, at the tender age of 73, stricken with breast cancer believes she does not have much time left. After Johnny, a man she warned her daughter lisa against, has killed himself, she has resolved to live life to the fullest. No one seems to care that she has breast cancer or that she has maybe a month to live. Her own daughter doesnt even care. Claudette doesnt care, she will do what she loves in her last month of life and leave her daughter to clean up her own mess. What is the first thing a 73 year old woman would do? Yes thats right, she went to the beach. She spent the whole day at the beach. She just stared into the horizon thinking about the future, past, and the present. The mess that she had left in San Francisco was behind her. They didnt care about her impending death, so why should she care about them? She was happy for the first time in a while and she didnt want to change a thing. The next day she decided to do something crazy, she bought a plane ticket to D.C. and when she landed she went straight to the white house. She bought a large cardboard sign and some markers. She wrote \"More awareness for Breast Cancer\" and began chanting outside the white house gates. Eventually some people joined her and the crowd was large enough they got media attention. Claudette gave tons of interviews about her struggle and how her own family didnt care about her impending death. Her organization received tons of donations. She was starting to make a difference. She was starting to do something with her life. Yet her month was almost up. She started a charity, she got media attention on breast cancer, she visited kids in hospitals with cancer, she did interviews and was famous. She had done what she had always wanted. She had finally gotten the attention she deserved. She could die happily now. One day she fell very ill and went in to see the doctor. The press was scrambling to find out if this was the end of claudette. She made top news. \"Yup\" said the doctor \"You definitely have a cold\" \"What?\" Claudette remarked \"I dont have Breast Cancer?\" \"No\" the doctor laughed \"You definitely dont have Breast cancer!\" She walked out of the doctors office in awe. A miracle had happened. Now a bigger question remained. What was she to do with the rest of her day? And the infinite days to follow? The horizon seemed a little brighter. ","Summary":" The Room: Lisa's Mother's plot Lisa's mother, Claudette, only wants to live. Claudette, at the tend"},{"Movie":"The Room, 2003","Title":"The Room 2: The birth of the best God","Author":"FearPigeon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12545854","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Tommy Wiseau in The Room 2: The birth of the best God Johnny was strolling down to his very important job at what he is good, he was clearing the mist ever step he took. Numerous Important people stopped him in his amazing walk, to tell him that he is the best human bean. But the importantist person was his ex-wife Lisa Simpson \" Oh, hi Johnny, I thought you were dead \" she expelled with a stone face Johnny Giggled like manly School girl \" You are so funny Lisa \" \" The only bullet wound I got was through the heart \" Tommy informing Lisa \" Nice seeing you, Johnny \" said Lisa as she faded into the foggy mist A deep voice erupted from above. \" Johnny, you are now god \" \" Okay doggy \" he carried on walking He arrived at his very important job. \" Hi Johnny, you are the best god \" Johnny laughed \" Thanks Markiplier \" as he tossed a ball \" Also, Johnny I have 3 seconds until the bomb goes off on my chest \" Johnny smirked and excelled \" If everyone were to dance, the world would be a better place \" Mark smiled as he was suddenly engulfed by a flame Johnny then launched his arms either side of him, as a rift in the sky opened he flew up and stabbed a spoon into the heart of the beast of the unknown. Mark flew out of the mouth, Johnny swept down and caught him with his lovably personality. \" Hi mark \" \" Oh, hi Johnny \" Mark relived himself \" I was tortured up their Johnny \" Johnny laughed \" You are so funny mark \" \"That felt nothing compared to the feeling of my power after I consume the earth, bahahaha you fool\" Johnny said as his face slowly transformed into a grey form of goo. \"nice one Johnny\" laughed Mark Then suddenly Johnny swallowed the entire earth in one bite and the entire world was sentenced to 1000 lifetimes of pure pain. The End? ","Summary":" Tommy Wiseau in The Room 2: The birth of the best God Johnny was strolling down to his very importa"},{"Movie":"The Room, 2003","Title":"Johnny Ponders Love and Talks to Denny and Lisa on the Rooftop","Author":"wildmushrooms","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10379670","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Johnny looked out across the rooftop of his apartment building at the pixelated San Francisco skyline. Running a hand through his greasy hair, he wondered why love was so hard. I love Lisa, he thought to himself, does she still love me? \"I'm going to ask her when I see her\" he said out loud to himself. \"Hi Johnny\" came a voice from behind him. It was Denny, having just finished pre-school for the day. \"Oh hi Denny\" replied Johnny, turning around to face him and noticing his oversized football jersey. \"You like to play football?\" asked Johnny with a slow laugh. \"Where's Lisa?\" asked Denny, desperate to see her again. Denny had grown to love Johnny and Lisa so much since getting to know them all those months ago. They had both been so kind to him, although they were tiring of his constant requests to get into bed with them. \"I don't know where she is,\" slurred Johnny, looking towards the rickety tin doorway, as if expecting Lisa to suddenly walk through it. At that moment, Lisa suddenly walked through the door and onto the rooftop. She was wearing a long red ball gown, complete with puffy taffeta sleeves. It was hopelessly out dated, but Lisa could always pull off out dated. \"Oh hi Lisa\" said Johnny with a crooked smile. \"How do I look?\" asked Lisa as she moved seductively over to Johnny. She paused in front of him, gazing into his eyes as she ran the red petals of a long stem rose down his cheek, tickling him. \"Ah ha ha ha\" chucked Johnny as he closed his eyes and smiled. \"You look so sexy\" he told her. \"Yeah Lisa, Johnny's right. You do look sexy. Really sexy. Reeeaaally sexy,\" piped up Denny as he slowly bit into an apple. \"Where are you guys going tonight?\" \"Didn't Johnny tell you?\" replied Lisa as she looked over to Denny. \"We're going to a ball tonight. It's taken me hours to get ready.\" \"Can I come?\" asked Denny, causing Lisa and Johnny to laugh awkwardly. \"I don't feel like going out tonight,\" shouted Johnny, as he threw down his half empty water bottle. \"Let's stay here and order pizza,\" he suggested, once he regained his composure. \"Great idea Johnny\" said Lisa with a smile, before leaning in and kissing him passionately. Denny's eyes lit up at the sight of Johnny and Lisa kissing. On top of the roof surrounded by the San Fransisco skyline, his favourite couple kissing in front of him, what more could Denny ask for? ","Summary":" Johnny looked out across the rooftop of his apartment building at the pixelated San Francisco skyli"},{"Movie":"The Room, 2003","Title":"Wiseau your moves! a psychological thriller","Author":"DemickyFellow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11345509","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Written by James and Aleks its the end of a long day and Johnny was tired. The day had ended like any other. Johnny had just sealed a big deal with a large firm and had been passed up for a promotion. He had just arrived home to find his fiancee, Lisa, wearing a short crimson dress. she was waiting for him. Johnny presented to her, an upside down bouquet of red flowers he had got from the foreign flower shop (im guessing this because the exchange there looked like it was dubbed.) She scanned her prime directive for a proper response and underperformed her reaction of joy. Johnny didn't notice as he too was unfamiliar with how humans respond to things. Johnny hurried upstairs to finish preparing a surprise. he had lined the bed with various parts of roses. it consisted of mostly petals but it included stems, thorns, and a literal uprooted rose bush he found in his boss' office. Johnny's lizard body has physical desires for lisa's cold metallic frame. tonight was for belly-humping romance. he called to Lisa and said \"i have some fing for you!\" Lisa looked attentive. her expression was more blank than a chalkboard with writer's block, but she tried to be flirty. Just then, a figure burst through the door. \"hey guys, can i join?\" it was one of the many clones of Dinnee, their long dead teenage neighbor. \"Nah son, we wanna be alone if yanno what i mean~ n3o\" Johnny said in his \"american\" accent. the clone appeared to be disappointed. \"i get it… you wanna be alone\" the Dinnee clone jumped out the window and flapped his arms with all his might and took flight, such is the way of his people. Just as Johnny was about to return to lisabot, another clone burst into the room and the exchange happened all over again. this happened until all 376 clones were accounted for and had taken flight. then, lisabot slithered into bed and starts seeping hormonal body oil. Johnny responds by shedding his outer shell and reveals his true pale lizard sexman body. Lisa flopped around awkwardly in bed. \"ahaeheheheheheee\" she giggled. Johnny flips a switch on his groin. a whirring of gears can be heard as a pole .75 inches in diameter slowly extends from johnny/lizard man's crotch. \"i am erect\" he declared. Boiling noises can be heard from lisabot's chassis. steam blows out of her vagina. \"oops, you made me hot\" Lisabot eyed Johnny lustfully. \"anything for my princess.\" lizard johnny levitated three feet into the air, flipped forward until he is fully horizontal and floats forward until he is completely over lisabot 100. he slowly descended. then, lisabot 1000's internal clock read that it was past the time in which humans go to bed, and initiated sleep simulation protocol. Johnny, disgruntled that his plans for the night have been unfulfilled, used the crank adjacent to his junk to retract his erection. unable to have sex, he decided to assume his human form again, and eat one of dinnee's clones. he shall be well nourished for a week. just as he was about to do so, lisabot malfunctioned, shut down, and leaked coolant onto the bed. just before leaving, he calls the repair claudroid, as she shall be a while. a few hours pass. claudroid walks into the apartment as johnny toasts two dinnees on a spit, over a bonfire he had started in the kitchen. The repairbot gets to work. she always treats the bots under her care like her children. after claudroid replaces lisabot's hormonal synchronizing chamber, lisabot 10000 springs back up and reboots. Johnny, after finishing a hefty meal, greets his fiancee as the bots enter the living room. the couple sit on the couch, as claudroid has an announcement. \"well, the results are in. I definitely have robot breast cancer\" the couple are unfamiliar with the concept. Claudroid immediately clarifies she will not die, because of the poor writing. Johnny bursts into a tirade about being the greatest director ever. then there was a knock at the door. everyone turned to the door as it opened. it was a robot. Best friend model : mk 1 was johnny's best friend in the whole wide world. of course that doesn't account for johnny's home planet. they all chanted in unison \"oh hi mark\" ","Summary":" Written by James and Aleks its the end of a long day and Johnny was tired. The day had ended like a"},{"Movie":"The Room, 2003","Title":"Football","Author":"The Cheshire Cheese","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11564762","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: The following is an example of what poetry written by Johnny might sound like. I don't own \"the Room.\" Football Soaring through an alley's touchdown Fierce as cancer Graceful as a spoon Football Spins over the Golden Gate Bridge One with the sky Like spoon in frame Football Finally fed up with this world Beauty of a cheating princess Ugly as a gangster's gun Oh hi Doggy! ","Summary":" AN: The following is an example of what poetry written by Johnny might sound like. I don't own \"th"},{"Movie":"The Room, 2003","Title":"There is no Spoon","Author":"The Cheshire Cheese","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11548189","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: This story was inspired by a theory about Denny I read on TV Tropes. That idea is not mine. The rest of the ideas in this story, however, are original. I don't own \"The Room.\" The sky above San Fransisco was the color of a tarnished spoon, floating against a blank white backdrop, framed in silver. Rain poured down on Denny, making him as drenched as Johnny and Lisa would have been so many nights if only Johnny had lived long enough to figure out how sex worked. (You had three holes to pick from Johnny, and the navel was not any of them.) The mud flowing Denny's Winnie the Pooh sneakers was the same shade of brown as the brick alleyway they had played football in while wearing tuxedos, what felt like so long ago. Johnny was dead, but there was still much investigating to do. Denny's mission was almost complete. \"Denny\" was almost finished being Denny, for good. But until his contact arrived, he couldn't drop the charade. He liked to think he knew who the other secret agent was. Peter seemed the most obvious candidate, with his buttoned-up demeanor. Denny could easily see Peter as James Bond's nerdy little brother. Otherwise, his next guess was Lisa, the classic femme fatale. Denny reached over to run his hand along Johnny's black marble headstone. No names or dates were inscribed on it. Instead, just an elegant carving of a framed spoon. Deciphering the significance of the framed spoons that filled Johnny and Lisa's house had been one of Agent Denny's top priorities, along with inferring the species and origin of Johnny himself. (Alien, vampire-zombie hybrid, and former Electric Mayhem drummer were the three most popular theories among the bigwigs of the CIA.) \"So, you're Agent π ,\" a young, feminine voice said. But it wasn't Lisa. Denny turned to see two people standing before him; Mike and Michelle, the slutty couple who often broke into the homes of friends, acquaintances and sometimes perfect strangers to make love and eat chocolate. And then Denny mentally kicked himself. Duh, it had been so obvious. They'd used the exact same cover he always did: pretending to stupidly stumble into the target's private quarters, with the excuse of being a pervert. \"So which one of you's Agent ∞?\" Denny asked. \"I am,\" Mike replied. \"'Michelle' here's from Scotland Yard. Neither of us knew the other hand agents investigating the Johnny conundrum, and when we discovered each other we decided to pool our resources.\" \"Agent ~,\" the woman said, revealing her true, Oxford accent. \"It's a pleasure to finally meet the legendary Agent π.\" \"Likewise,\" Agent π replied, dropping his fake \"Denny\" voice and speaking, for the first time in months, with his natural baritone voice and Brooklyn accent. \"I usually prefer a challenge, but for this mission, being Agent π was a piece of pie.\" Sympathetically, Agent ~ said, \"It must've been a right bore, for a forty-one-year-old agent with a three-digit IQ to have to spend eleven months playing the part of an intellectually disabled twenty-year old, with the sex drive of a frat boy.\" \"No shit,\" Agent π confirmed. \"So, what did you two learn?\" \"We just came from the flower shop,\" Agent ∞, or \"Mike,\" said. \"We overheard Johnny's origins, from the dog. He's-\" \"I know,\" π cut him off. \"The bastard son of a zombie and a bored housewife.\" He shook his head with disbelief. \"I can't believe he's actually half-human! And from Earth!\" \"Naturally,\" ~ said. \"Aliens have far better disguises. Like a cute dog in a flower shop, with a vocal droid shaped like a flower seller.\" π made a face. \"I figured she was a robot, but I guess I should've guessed the dog being the one at the controls. Okay, so we know Johnny's origins. What other intel did you two gather?\" \"His motives,\" Agent ∞ said. \"His attempt to secure the promotion at the bank was not a part of any alien or zombie takeover scheme. Like the Frankenstein monster, he simply wished to be accepted, as a part of our society.\" \"So many of the creatures and freaks we must investigate are perfectly innocent creatures, with that same wish,\" Agent ~ sighed. \"But Johnny was a danger to society,\" ∞ reminded her. \"But it wasn't his fault,\" π ran a hand through his sandy hairpiece (how good it would feel, to shed this Denny disguise once and for all, and be his bald, Brooklyn self again!). \"Poor Johnny was just a confused zombie-human hybrid, created during an attack from even stupider aliens. How was he to know that radiation from his body caused those around him to become mentally deficient nymphomaniacs, and in one case, contract cancer?\" As if on cue, a loud groan broke through the graveyard, and four zombies staggered by. Two looked like they'd been vampires before their deaths (not the modern goth action-hero kind, the old-school Dracula kind). The third looked like he'd been a professional wrestler in life. And the fourth was...Claudette? \"Well,\" Agent ~ said with a raised eyebrow, \"Looks like Claudette's found a way to cheat her cancer.\" \"Okay, Okay,\" Agent π began ticking off on his fingers, \"So we've learned Johnny's motives origins, his motives, and what was going on in that house. That just leaves one mystery left.\" He reached into his black tux jacket and pulled out one small, framed spoon photograph he'd smuggled from the house, as evidence. ∞ nodded dramatically, and gazed at the carving on Johnny's tombstone. \"The spoons.\" \"Why would a half-zombie trying to fit in with humans stuff his house with framed photos of spoons?\" π said. \"Spoons resemble spades,\" ∞ mused. \"When a zombie is 'born,' one of the first things he'll see are grave robbers with shovels. Perhaps he found those picture frames in a thrift shop, saw the stock photos of spoons, and was overcome with a feeling of nostalgia.\" \"No,\" his British partner shook her head. \"Why not just frame pictures of shovels and graveyards, then? I don't think Johnny was the one who decorated that house. Remember, he was living with his 'future wife.' And Lisa's brain had been reduced to mush, from being exposed to Johnny-radiation. I think the spoons were a romantic symbol. You know, 'spooning.' She designed his headstone, after all.\" A low rumble shook the graveyard. The three agents looked up and froze, at the sight of a dark object flying across the cemetery and descending downward, like a football. But it wasn't a football. It was a woman on a motorcycle. It was Lisa . She was dressed head to toe in red leather, the same shade as the red dress and other slutty red clothes she always wore. Her blond hair was twisted up into some ludicrously sci-fi style, and her eyes were hidden behind expensive motorcycle glasses. She did an elegant backwards flip off her bike in midair, allowing the vehicle to crash into a nearby crypt, resulting in an explosion that knocked all three agents to the ground. When π pushed himself back up, it was just in time for Lisa's booted foot to round-kick him in the jaw, knocking him back to the ground. The CIA agent wondered if he was now unconscious and dreaming, because what happened next was impossible. Lisa rose into the air and froze; then, after a 90 degree freeze-spin shot, she delivered a kick to Agent ∞, knocking him into Johnny's spoon-carved headstone. ~ came running at her, gun drawn, but Lisa was ready. She ducked down, bringing up one red-clad leg to kick ~ in the forehead with the heel of her boot, knocking her out cold. Then Lisa pulled a cell phone from the gap between her boobs, an old '90s flip-phone, and flipped it opened. \"I'm in.\" The voice on the other line sounded like a black guy. \" Lisa, you must save Mark at all costs. He is the One. It is foretold in the Prophecy, the One will be a young, pretty-boy with no acting talent, and a sucker for female lead characters .\" \"I've littered the house with hints,\" she said. \"Soon enough, it'll hit him: there is no spoon .\" And then Agent π finally understood. None of it was real-the aliens, the zombies, and least of all the spoons. That corny sci-fi movie with the bad CGI had been telling everyone the truth, and no one in the world knew it. Made about as much sense as anything else. FIN ","Summary":" A/N: This story was inspired by a theory about Denny I read on TV Tropes. That idea is not mine. Th"},{"Movie":"The Room, 2003","Title":"the room - johnny vs william shakespear","Author":"barrylawn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12180855","Passage":"[Chapter 1] THE ROOM JOHNNY VS WILLIAM SHAKESPEAR BY BARRYLAWN one day william was in his house writing pedofile love stories when he decided to do things a little differently he opened his book and wrote the magic words \"o hai\" into it and it lit up AND A GUY CAME OUT OF THE BOOK \"waaaaaht, wear am i. what happened. what is this bullshit. ohai shakespear\" said the man who was johnny from 2003 \"hello my sir, i would like for thou to play a part in mine new play, johnny and lisa \"ok\" ===AT THE PRACTISE=== \"the time for thou to practise is now\" said shakespear and he clipped the black clippy thing \"action\" johnny broke the guards backs and sneaked into the hall to find his love lisa, but when he got into the bedroom, he found a TEN YEAR OLD BOI\" \"WAAAAAAT DIS ISNT LISA, DIS IS LITTEL KID\" \"just go wit it, thou can get real pussi after\" said shakespear johnny had to pretend to have gay sex with the little boi \"DIS ISNT RITE, WHY DO U HAVE TO HAVE DICK\" cried johnny \"im boi\" \"BUT UR LISA, UR NOT MENT TO HAVE DICK\" \"sry\" \"UR TARING MI APART LISAAAAAAAAAAA\" cried jonny \"ok good enough\" said shakespear \"i expect thou all back for the grand play ===THE NEXT DAY=== \"ladies and gentelman of the 1800s or something\" said shakespear \"presenting my new tragedy, JONNY AND LISA\" johnny got on the stage \"ohai old people\" muttered johnny getting on teh stage \"o wo, i am jonny, and i have been pained with looooooove\" he gave his best acting the story was like how johnny liked this boi dressed as a girl named lisa and he conspired with his best friend mark to sneak into the house and show his act of love \"dis is tecnically illegal, but anyting for thou my best frend\" said mark so they sneaked in and beat up the guards and johnny sneeked in johnny sneaked into the bedroom and got to the bed \"ohai lisa\" said jonny they started sex scene but johnny accidently exposed bois dick which kinda made tings awkward cause boi \"thy eyes play teh tricks on thee\" said shakespeer \"it was not thee bois dick, but teh stick\" \"oooooooooooo\" said audience the first act was over, but they still had four more acts and four more gay sex scenes however johnny noticed there was something strage with teh props and dat was that the gun he was supposed to use was REAL LIKE WTF ===ACT 5 SCENE 5=== \"i did naht hit him i mean her its naht tru its bullshit i did naht hit him- I MEAN HER GOD DAMMIT SHAKESPEER WY U HAVE TO MAKE DIS SO CONFUSING?\" he screamed \"thou art acting like a ten year old baby, pls, dat was wat lisa is supposed to be doings, ur 30 or something, btw thats pedofile so\" said shakespear and then there was a knock on johnnys door \"thou art completely surrounded, pedophile rapist!\" shouted the police \"OH NO\" shouted johnny but before anything happened, there wasnt a sex scene in this act yet, so two random guys came in and had sex and then johnny came in, and he had no idea what to do since he was bout to get arrest \"IM FED UP WITH DIS WORLD\" shouted jonny he grabbed the gun and was about to shoot himself in the face when he remembere it was real \"why wud shake wanna make it real... i have an idea.\" so he didnt fucking shoot he took out a recorder and left it outside shakespears window \"ha ha ha, now thou will kill thyself and ill steal all thy moneys, wait why havent thou shot thyself, johnny\" johnny played the recording and shot skatespear in the head and he died \"nice work, my best friend\" said mark and johnny was sent back to the present THE END ","Summary":" THE ROOM JOHNNY VS WILLIAM SHAKESPEAR BY BARRYLAWN one day william was in his house writing pedofil"},{"Movie":"The Room, 2003","Title":"The Room","Author":"A.K.Alexander","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11346222","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Rain again today. The mechanical hum of the windshield wipers and steady beat of the shower were the only things I was listening to. I hated coming here. I hated being reminded of the mistakes I had made. The human part of me that ate away at my insides forced me to come here every week, Tuesdays, to atone for my sins. My jaded, bitter side wanted to run away from it all and start a new life. But that wasn't going to happen. Gently breaking, I parked outside a rather bland, all white building. I counted down from three inside my head, letting out a pent up breath. This was going to go just like all the other times. The meetings always do. Why was I still so nervous? I turned my car off, grabbed my purse, and headed out into the rain. I had forgotten my umbrella at home. A little rain never bothered me much anyway. Over the years, I had become used to spontaneous bouts of showers and running water. My heels clacked against the pavement, water seeping onto my toes. Clutching the badge attached to my collar, I reeled it over to the identification scanner. The red strip turn green and a loud buzz indicated that I was allowed to enter. Not just anyone can have these meetings. I fluffed my hair and straightened out my pencil skirt before heading down the long hallway. An incandescent light flickered above the receptionist's desk. I licked my lips and quietly greeted the older lady staring intently at her computer screen. \"Who are you here to see?\" She asked. \"Johnathan.\" My throat went dry. \"Jonathan W.\" She perked an eyebrow, typed a few letters into her computer and her eyes followed downward. \"Ah. Ms. Danielle. Here for your 3 o'clock appointment, I see.\" I nodded, tightening my hold on my purse strap. With a right click of her mouse, she motioned me down an adjacent hallway. It looked just as bleak as the rest of building. \"Room 109. On your left.\" I turned on my high heel and started on my way. \"Oh, and Ms. Danielle.\" The receptionist called out. I turned my head towards her, heart racing. \"I'm so sorry to hear about your husband.\" It was lonely listening to my footsteps. My stomach clenched with anxiety as I stood in front of Room 109. I had been meeting with my client for over 6 months now. Opening a door should never be this hard, but every single time I had to force myself to do it. I took a breath to steel my nerves. The door opened with a soft click. The room was rather typical. Painted in an off white to give the illusion of choice, it had two beige couches, a small tea table with two quaint wooden chairs, and a few pictures by Rembrandt hung along the walls. The soft lights gave everything a slight yellow look. It looked stained. A man was sitting on the smaller of the couches, his back turned towards the window. Metal bars hung outside, painted blue to match a sunny day. In the stormy gray though, they just looked like metal bars. I swallowed hard before stepping in and shutting the door behind me. I waited a moment before clearing my throat. The man turned towards me and smiled brightly. His hair once was long but had since been cut to his shoulders to prevent accidental knotting. His hair once was shiny, but now was riddled with mats and his once luxurious curls were unfurled and messy. Although he was smiling at me, the wrinkles under his eyes felt sad. Johnathan used to have a young, jubilant face, but now it was wrought with stress and anguish finely hidden in the crevices of his forehead, cheeks, and eyes. I forced a smile across my lips and sat down on the couch opposite of him. I crossed my legs and set my purse beside me. \"Hello, Tommy.\" \"Oh hai, Lisa.\" ","Summary":" Rain again today. The mechanical hum of the windshield wipers and steady beat of the shower were th"},{"Movie":"The Room, 2003","Title":"The Fateful Room","Author":"pumpkaboo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11991255","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Lisa knew the computer business was too competitive. It was so competitive in fact, that she didn't even go to work, for what could be accomplished if there was no work for her? Anyway, Johnny made heaps of money, her mom constantly reminded her, so Lisa knew that she didn't really have to work. But sitting at home being a stay at home future wife wasn't as exciting as she liked to think. Mark has some mysterious job, so she couldn't call him for a booty call as often as she would like, so she decided to post an ad online for her computer business. She was sure that with her competitive rates and IT knowledge, she could run a successful computer business from her home. Johnny's home. Didn't matter. She lived there, it was close enough to being hers. What she didn't expect was a call from some man called Dylan within an hour of her ad being posted. Apparently he was an author and had many computers so he could do some top secret hacking of government files. She was very impressed, so she accepted the work. He came by with his laptops. She was surprised to find that he had about ten laptops. All with varying problems. Like he had spilled coffee on one, and threw a book at another one, and some of them had missing keyboards from when he 'dropped it'. She didn't questions it, and used her awesome IT knowledge to fix every computer. Dylan was very happy, and so he decided to tell her all about his great hacking work and how everyone thought he was so amazing and special at this. Lisa grew bored very quickly cause he started to remind her of her future husband and how everyone thought he was so good. She politely asked him to leave after a hefty paycheck. ","Summary":" Lisa knew the computer business was too competitive. It was so competitive in fact, that she didn't"},{"Movie":"The Room, 2003","Title":"The Scary Room","Author":"Merickson","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10727657","Passage":"[Chapter 1] THE SCARY ROOM INT. JOHNNY'S LIVING ROOM - DAY Lisa sits stiffly on the sofa, staring blankly ahead. The door opens, and Johnny strides in with a large painting under his arm. JOHNNY Happy Christmas, sweethearts! Lisa immediately shoots to a stand, grabbing a wine glass off the coffee table in one fluid motion as her face lights up with a wide smile. LISA Hi, babe! What you got there? JOHNNY Is a present for yooo-uuu! I went to art auction for dead artist and got this painting. He holds up the painting. It is a portrait of a pale young man with a glassy-eyed glare. JOHNNY Is all-American self-portrait of artist. He suicided hisself. I paid for it with money. LISA Gosh, that's creepy. JOHNNY Okay I put it on mantel. He heads toward the fireplace, passing by Mark, who has apparently been standing just out of view. JOHNNY Oh hi, Mark! MARK Hi, Johnny! JOHNNY Happy Christmas, Mark! MARK You too, Johnny! Mark walks up to Lisa as Johnny completes his journey to the fireplace. MARK I didn't know it was Christmas. LISA It's not. I just told him that to make life interesting. Johnny stands on a chair and knocks pictures of spoons off the mantel. JOHNNY I make room! LISA Mark, he can't hear us all the way over there. Let's have sex. MARK What do you mean by that? Johnny haphazardly sets the painting on the mantel and then steps off the chair. JOHNNY There, let's see you try to be creepies up there, Mr. Painting. He turns to Lisa and Mark. JOHNNY Happy Christmerry holiday, everyone! The chair flies up by itself and slams into Johnny, knocking him to the floor. JOHNNY Argh! What are these doings?! LISA Johnny! Lisa and Mark run to Johnny and help him up. MARK You okay, Johnny? JOHNNY Yeah I okay but chair is possessed! MARK That was weird. LISA What would make a chair do that? JOHNNY Is demon chair! A chandelier crashes down onto the coffee table. MARK Damn! JOHNNY Is demon ceiling ornament! LISA What the hell is going on? A football shoots through the air and breaks a window. JOHNNY Even football is demons! LISA What should we do? MARK I don't know. Mark grabs Lisa and starts making out with her. JOHNNY Lisa! Mark pushes himself off Lisa. MARK Why'd you make me do that?! LISA You idiot! Johnny wasn't turned around at all! JOHNNY What did you do to him?! LISA Okay, fine! I admit it! I don't love you, Johnny! JOHNNY Why are you say such things? You are evils! LISA Pathetic men! I've only ever used you all for my own ends! Mwahahaha! MARK She manipulated me with her treacherous manipulation! Johnny puts his arm around Mark. JOHNNY I'm sorry, Mark. I not know Lisa was evils. LISA Now I shall seduce all your friends and take all their money! Lisa makes a run for the door. JOHNNY Oh noes! MARK Let's stop her! JOHNNY Yah okay! Johnny and Mark charge at Lisa. They grab her and drag her to the sofa. MARK Hold her down! LISA Get off me! I need to go find a man who can get a promotion! MARK No way, you succubus! LISA Fools! JOHNNY Bite me on neck, vampire! LISA I - What? MARK I think she's the one behind all this supernatural activity! We need to get some holy water and send her back to Satan! JOHNNY Okay I call plumber. Cackling laughter draws everyone's attention to the painting. The man in it has come to life. MAN It was me, The Haunted Painting! I'm here to steal your souls! Johnny gasps and turns back to Lisa. JOHNNY You have infected my auction painting with the evils! MAN Wrong! I am Roland Yargenberg. I put my spirit into my own portrait so I could haunt whoever bought it, because that's what I'm into! MARK So...Lisa doesn't have telekinesis? ROLAND No, damn it! LISA Yeah, I don't have special powers. I'm just a bitch. ROLAND Anyway, you bought me, Johnny, so I'm here to torment you forever! Lights flicker and wind blows through the room. ROLAND You'll never get rid of me! Throw me away and I'll reappear right back here! Set me on fire and I'll return good as new! You can even tear me apart, Johnny! I'll come back no matter what! JOHNNY Oh, well I guess thas pretty scaries. ROLAND You guess? Come on, it's horrifying! I put a lot of work into this! JOHNNY Yah okay. Johnny looks over at Lisa and Mark. They are making out again. JOHNNY Hey! MARK Sorry, Johnny. I'm lost to the dark side. JOHNNY Everyone betray me! Johnny screams furiously, then abruptly stops and calmly walks to the fireplace while Lisa and Mark get down. JOHNNY You are my only friend, painting. ROLAND What? Um, no. I'm here to haunt you, Johnny. Make your walls bleed and stuff. That kind of thing. JOHNNY Are you vampire? Roland sighs. ROLAND No, Johnny. JOHNNY Vampires are my favorite kind of elephant. ROLAND Look, are you gonna start being terrified or what? Because this doesn't seem to be working out. A bell dings outside. JOHNNY Ice cream man! Lisa and Mark jump up. MARK Ice cream! LISA Time out for ice cream! JOHNNY Yah let's go get somes fudge pops! Johnny, Lisa, and Mark run out the door. ROLAND Hey, wait! Get back here! I'll steal your souls, I swear! Johnny's laughter fades off into the distance. ROLAND This sucks. THE END ","Summary":" THE SCARY ROOM INT. JOHNNY'S LIVING ROOM - DAY Lisa sits stiffly on the sofa, staring blankly ahead"},{"Movie":"The Room, 2003","Title":"The Outdoors","Author":"eileme","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10964358","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: This is written by me and Josefine, (awezumee at AO3) \"Oh, hai gun barrel!\" Johnny said as he put the di- thing in his mouth. Suddenly the door flung open and Denny's body appeared in the doorway. \"Oh hi Johhny, what's up?\" Denny D asked while throwing his football into the air. He didn't catch it. Damn. \"Oh hi Denny, nothing really. Just about to shoot myself\" Johnny answered. \"I can't hear you because of that thing in your mouth,\" Denny said confusedly. \"Oh sorry\" Johnny said and pulled the thing out of his mouth. Denny seemed relieved, finally being able to hear what Johnny said. \"Denny can you go and buy me a dozen red roses please?\" Johnny said in an attempt to get the kid out of the apartment. Denny was about to answer when suddenly Lisa ran into the room, hysterically screaming \"WHAT IS GOING ON JASHFASK\". Johnny's Mark-dar went off as he heard more footsteps outside. \"Oh hi Mark!\" he shouted even before Mark was visible. Because Johnny was that talented. Everyone loved Johnny. Johnny for Jesus 2003. Mark immediately saw the football, and picked it up and left. \"Oh bye Mark,\" Johnny da king shouted after him, suddenly standing up. \"I need to go to the flower shop,\" he said simply, and left after putting on his sunglasses. Denny was waiting for Johnny outside the flower shop. \"Oh hi Denny,\" Johnny said as if Denny hadn't just fucking teleported there. \"Hi Johnny, can I kiss Lisa?\" Denny said apprehensively. \"No but you can marry that girl in the alley over there,\" Johnny said and pointed at a spoon. \"Okay! :D\" Denny replied and bounced away towards the spoon, leaving Johnny to contemplate life as he entered the flower shop. \"I would like to buy a dozen of red roses\" he loudly announced as he entered the shop, taking of his sunglasses. \"Oh hi Johnny I didn't know it was you\" the woman behind the desk said surprisedly. \"How much is it?\" Johnny asked as the woman reached for the already pre-made bouquet. \"That'll be eighteen dollars.\" \"HERE YOU GO KEEP THE CHANGE,\" Johnny said quickly as fuck and handed her the money. And speaking of money… \"What are you gonna do with the roses?\" Denny asked with a big smile on his face. \"WHERE'S MY FUCKING MONEY DENNY?\" a dodgy dude screamed as he entered the store as well, making it crowded since it was so damn tiny with loads of plants everywhere. Denny reached for the money that Johnny had placed on the counter and rushed towards the drug dealer. \"Oh hi drug dealer\" Johnny said, taken by surprise, and he was even more surprised when Mark dashed into the store and jumped at the drug dealer. This made Johnny want to do that as well, and they both managed to grab the dude. \"We're taking him to the police,\" Johnny said seriously and exited the shop with the drug dealer and Mark. After just five seconds they were able to give the drug dealer to the police. \"You have to put this very dangerous man in jail\" Mark said, and the police did exactly what he said, because that's what nice people do. Suddenly remembering Denny, Johnny ran back to the flower shop and saw another argument going down. \"Where's my fucking money, Denny?\" the lady behind the counter shouted, as she had been deprived of the flower money that Denny took from her. \"I'll give them to you in five minutes\" Denny said when Johnny decided that this was a very dangerous woman. \"WE'RE TAKING HER TO THE POLICE\" Johnny shouted and jumped over the desk. Johnny went back to the police station, this time with a dangerous woman instead of a dangerous man since Johnny loved equality. When the very dangerous woman was in jail as well, Denny came in through the bathroom door. \"I have a confession to make,\" he started. No one answered. Since that's how The Room works. He continued. \"I have parents.\" \"But Johnny is like a father to you\" Lisa said, because she was apparently there as well. \"Their names….\" \"Say it, Denny,\" Mark said. \"I want to hear you say it.\" \"Their names are…..\" \"Their names are what?\" Johnny said, tears streaming down his face. \"Are you to afraid to say it? You're just a chicken, chip chip chip chip chip!\" \"I CAN'T\" Denny cried out. \"Johnny hit me,\" Lisa blurted out. \"I did naaaaawt, oh hi Mark\" Johnny replied quickly. \"You are lying, I never hit you. YOU ARE TEARING ME APART LISA!\" \"But my parents?\" Denny tried to interrupt Johnny. \"NO ONE CARES ABOUT YOUR PARENTS\" Mark screamed. \"WE ARE HIS PARENTS\" a man shouted as he and a ginger woman entered the police station. \"NO YOU'RE NOT!\" Lisa shouted, crying. \"So… anyways, how is your sexlife?\" Johnny said, turning to Mark. And then everything went dark. ","Summary":" A/N: This is written by me and Josefine, (awezumee at AO3) \"Oh, hai gun barrel!\" Johnny said as h"},{"Movie":"The Room, 2003","Title":"the room - president of evil","Author":"barrylawn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12156217","Passage":"[Chapter 1] THE ROOM PRESIDENT OF EVIL one day johnny was in bed and den he wasnt in bed, he was on chair, sitting, talking to his mirror tho he wasnt talking to his reflection he was talking to the plants reflection it didnt respond though \"TALK 2 ME YOU FUKKING STUPID PLANT LOOK AT ME WHEN I SPEEK TO YOU!\" screamed johnny and he punched the mirror of the wall and the change in angle made him notice something \"ohai mark\" \"hi jonny u ready for the presidents birthday\" \"YEAAAH\" said johnny \"yea itll be great hes got a party and were invited as special guests isnt dat great?\" \"ha ha ha\" laughed jonny \"ok ill get dress now\" so jonny jumped into the pile of cloths on the floor AND HE WAS JOHNNY! johny went to the party and everyone wanted to take a photo of him cause everyone loved him he was just about to get to the kek when the president came out \"HELLO BOIS AND GRILS\" shouted donald trump and everyone went wild \"tanks 4 comin have a good time and be sure to praise johny cause hes awesome\" \"YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA\" the lights turned colorful and everyone dance but johny had to get away there was matter of urgency he sneaked behind the statue of trump where noone could find him cause he needed to spy on donald, there was something in his pocket and he couldnt see wat it was donald went to a suspicious guy and took the thing out of his pocket and gave it to the guy and the guy gave him $300000 donald return to the party but johnny kept his eye on the suspicious man when he gaspen payne when he saw what he gave him IT WAS A PHOTO OF MARK THAT BELONGED TO HIM! johny decided tot hink of a plan to expose donald he put on a mask so no one would recongize him and he sneked to the shop at the end of the hall \"ohai jonny didnt no it was u\" said the shopperson \"yea its me and i need a camera but shhhhh dont tell anyone ohai doggy\" \"heer u go its the best camera u can have it for free caus your my favorite customer\" johnny ran back to the statue and recorded donald handing the guy the photo so he had proof he ran to comfort donald when he saw mark talking to suspicious guy and guy was holding a photo and said \"ive been hired to kill you\" AND HE PULLED OUT A KNIFE \"OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII MAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARK\" screamed jonny running to the man and beeting the shit out of him and he fell to the table and wine spilled everyone \"YOU FUCKER, UR MOVIE ISNT EVEN TAT GOOD\" screamed suspicious and he ran at jonny but everyone joined in on fighting man because the room is actually awesome \"GAAAAAAAAAAIS\" shouted johnny \"I USE THIS VIDEO OF DONALD GIVING THIS ASSASSIN THE PHOTO TO PROOF THAT HE IS THE KILLER\" \"NOOOOOOOOOOOOO\" shouted donald \"DAMN YOU JOHNNY I MADE YOU VIP!\" so johnny went home and celebrated the rest of the day in victory THE END ","Summary":" THE ROOM PRESIDENT OF EVIL one day johnny was in bed and den he wasnt in bed, he was on chair, sitt"},{"Movie":"The Room, 2003","Title":"Ghosts of the Past","Author":"IEatCats22","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9757170","Passage":"[Chapter 1] a/n: This is a sequel to the beautiful drama film known as the Room (written, directed, starred in, and written by Tommy Wiseau.) This movie is very significant with me, because it describes a character known as Lisa, who I heavily relate to. Lisa and I have similar personalities and pasts, and I sympathize with her conflicts and imperfections. Injoy! (Oh and I dnot' own \"the room.\") EDIT: In my first vresion, I used the word \"retard\" to describe Johnny. BUT I have changed this for the following resin; a neighbor of mine who has Down Syndrome told me that the way I used the word in m y fanfic seemed to imply that she and Tommy Wiseau had something in common. She said to me, \"I can handle the patronizing attitudes I get, I can handle the limitations of my disability, I can even hadnle prejudice assholes saying I should have been euthanized, but I can NOT handle being ocmpared to the freak who made thsi fucked up movie.\" SO I have removed the R-word from this story, because she is right, it does not describe TOmmy Wiseau. \"Alien\" is a more appropriate word according to my research. CHAPTER 1: THE FUNERAL! lisa and her family stood in the rain, holding umbrellas, morning the los of Lisa's husband named Johnny. Lisa felt much guild, since johnnys death was in part caused by her betrayal. Lisa was a young, beautiful girl of about 27, with blonde hair and blue eyes and plump, full breatss. She wore a black dress with lacy trim, for the funeral. Her high heels had silver hearts on them, and matching hearts adorned her earrings. They were to symbolize the love she felt for the man whom she had caused to death. Her umbrella also had lacy tirm. Lisa was not alone at the funeral. With her was her mom Claudette, who was herself a tragedy. Claudette suffered from a condition known as Fucking Old People Syndrome, and had a very bad memory and got confused a lot. Many times Claudette would tell people she had breats cancer and would die. this was bullshit. In reality, Claudette had just been watching a TV series called \"Battlestar galactica,\" and gotten herself confused with President Laura Rosalind. \"It's ok Johnny, my son in law.\" Claudette said to the man in the coffin. \"I will soon be joining you, once the cancer reaches my heart.\" Lisa sighed at her mother's fucking oldness. Also there was Lisa and Jonny's friend Denny. Denny was a mentally retarted boy of maybe 14, who was involved wit drugs. In fact, his conception had proably also involved drugs, knowing Denny's parents. \"Is jonny asleep? \" Denny asked retardedly. \"Can I sleep in the box with him?\" Lisa signed. Then there were Johnny's football buddies, Tom, Juanito, and Benvolio. (AUTHOR'S NOTE: I do not really remember what Jonny's foodball friends were named, or what they really looked like, so I made up new ones. ) Tom was tall and thin with red hair in a buzz cut and freckles. Juanito was a little Mexican guy who was probably illegal, with black hair died orange. Benvolio was a fatass. All three wore their best football tuxedos, and were tossing the ball back and forth over jonny's grave. Lisa sighed sadly. One more person was at the funeral: his name was Mark, and he was both jonny's pal and lisa's lover. Makr was a very handsome man, with big muscles and blue eyes and wavy brown hair the color of chocalte and maple syrup. \"It's not ur fault lisa.\" Mark said sympathizely. \"Oh jonny.\" Lisa sobbed . \"I never should have tried to help him or feel sorry for what a weirdo he was.\" she sobbed sadly. Jonny laid in his coffin, wearing his finest tuxedo and holding his favorite football. His hair was as crazy as ever. Jonny's eyes were closed (cuz he was dead), and the hole in his head where he shot himself was covered with a sponbebob bandaid. Johnny was a mentally deranged hobo with a European accent no one could identify. When asked what his country of origin was, his answer always changed. sometimes he was French, other times German, sometimes African, and sometimes Australian, once Chinese. Jonny got a job at an office on account of Affirmitive Action (each business was requird to hire one Martian, in addition to one black dude, one joo, one woman, and one gay guy). But he could not get a promotion, because the only thing he was good at was eating old documents that were no longer needed (he didn't even use ketchup), and testing out computers with his stupidity to see if they broke too easily. Lisa didn't want to marry jonny but had no choice. She could not support herself on her own, since she was a woman (and she was NOT one of those stupid feminist bitches, who thinks women should be men and work). but she was too pretty for a rich man, who would only marry her for her looks. So she was forced to marry the freak of nature jonny. Claudette liked jonny, and approved. Her mothers approval made the marriage boring. Jonny didn't' even know which hole to put his penis in when they had sex (he usually used her belly button). Lisa sighed. \"Well he ain't getting any deader\" said the priest, Father O'Mally, and he kicked jonny's coffin closed. CHAPTER 2: UNEXPECTED….! Liza got used to living alone, in jonny's old house. she and mark continued to have sex, since mark loved her. Denny continued to do drugs, and Claudette condintued to tell every one that she had cancer (and on occasion, that she was also having visions of the Lords of Kobel, telling her to guide everyone home to Earth). One day lisa rolled out of bed, and felt heavy. She looked in the mirror and saw that her tummy was round as a football. \"OH MY GOD,\" Lisa cried in shcok. \"I'm FAT!\" She collapsed into tears. \"Lisa what is wrong!\" Mark cried, hoping up from the bed nude. His dick was large, hard, thick, and tan colored, just like a fine footaball that wold be used by Brett Farve. \"Don't lookat me!\" Liza cried, hiding her hideous tummy under her pink robe (with cats on the back). \"I'm hideous, u'll leave me!\" \"NO! \" Mark exclaimed. \"I love you lisas! I would not leave you just because you're fat! Maybe you have a disease. Lets go to the doctor.\" Sobbing, lisa agreed, so they went to a doctor. \"Congratulations,\" the doctor said. \"But you're pregnant!\" \"WHAT?\" Lisa scramed. \"How? How can that be?\" \"well, um…lets' just pretend, for a moment, that the daddy's dick is a football, and the mommy's pussy is a goal…\" \"Oh shut up I know how it works!\" Lisa shouted. \"But how could it happen to ME?\" Mark conforted her. \"There there lisa.\" \"But mark, don't you see? This baby might be begotten by JONNY! \" Marks jaw dropped. \"But…but that would make the child half...whatever the fuck Johnny is!\" Lisa sobbed. CHAPTER 3: THE ABORTION! Lisa laid awake, wondering if the baby would be a boy or girl. Bonde haired or brown haired. Half-Mark, or Half-Wiseau. Lisa sighed. That night, lisa had aterrible nightmare. She was in the delivery room, having the baby. Suddenly, the doctor screamed, \"WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT?\" out of lisa's legs, they pulled a baby….with tommy Wiseasu's head! \"Oh, hai mommy!\" said the baby. Lisa woke up scraming. Lisa was so distressed that Claudette paid for her to see a psychiatrist. The sykyatrist was named Dr. Quack. Little did Claudette know (cuz she was fuckign old) that Dr. Quack was actually a very evil and manipulative woman; Dr. Quack was….a feminist. \"So,\" Dr. Quack said, poushing her pointy red glasses with her pencil. \"You are having nightmares about birthing the child of the vampiric zombie named Jonny.\" \"Yes.\" Said Liza. \"I have a suggestion, tho it is somewhat unorthodox.\" \"What is it\" \"You could have an abortion.\" Lisa gasped. \"But abortion is like murder!\" \"No it's not. It's a lady's choice. There is one other option. If you don't want to abort, and have the baby, you can pay the redard-bills (for his care givers and special ed and stuff) by…getting a job.\" \"A JOB?\" Lisa gasped. \"But I'm a woman! That is so rong!\" \"Well, it is the 20th century.\" Dr. Quack said innocently, and manipulatively. \"No,\" Lisa shook her head. \"No, non o no no I can't do it!\" \"Do what?\" Quack said. \"The abortion, or a job?\" Lisa gasped, and thought of the two options. If she had an abortion, she'd be a baby killer, and go to hell. But if she got a job, she'd lose her femininity as a woman. Her perfectly manicured nails would get broken by typing on a computer, or flipping burgers, or pumping gas for old pplel. Her lovely face would age with stress. She'd have to wear businessy-clothes, instead of her sexy outfits she preferred. She'd have to wake up before noon, and not drink except on weekends. \"I can't get a job.\" Lisa shook her head slowly. \"I can't do it. I have to get an abortion.\" Dr. Quack smiled evilily. Lisa went to the abortion clinic, wearing a sunglasses and nose and mustache disguise. \"Hey,\" said the abortion worker. \"weren't u just outside protesting against us last week?\" Lisa sighed. \"I don't expect a baby-killer like You to understand MY situation. Lets' just get this over with. So how does this work?\" \"Well,\" the abortion girl took out a chain saw. \"First, we….where are you going?\" \"I can't do it!\" Lisa said strongly. \"I can't kill my baby!\" As lisa ran back outside, a ray of golden light shown from the cloudy sky over her, for Jesus had seen that hse was a good Christian who wouldn't get an aobriotn. CHAPTER 4: WHO'S YOUR DADDY! When the baby was born, Lisa was happy to see that the chld did NOT have Jonny's ugly head. \"Then it must be mine!\" Mark said gladly. \"Um…yeah…\" Lisa looked away sadly. \"If it's my kid,\" Mark said, \"Can I pick the name out?\" \"Um sure.\" \"I want to name it after jonny.\" \"But Mark, the baby is a girl.\" \"OK, then we'll name her…Jonasina.\" \"That's perfect!\" Lisa realized. In this way, lisa and mark felt they had compensated for the guilt of causing jonny's suicide, by honoring him with their firstborn child's name. mark had a job working a slurpy machine at chuckee cheezis, so Lisa dind't have to get a job. She was able to remain a woman, taking care of the hose and baby Jonasina, while enjoying a nice Margarita and watching soap operas. But the story wasn't quiet over yet… When Jonasina was about a year old ,pple started to notice a few odd things about the girl. For starters, she was black. \"Lisa,\" Mark said evenly. \"Are you sure that Jonasina is my kid?\" \"Um of course,\" Lisa looked away. \"Who else's kid would she be?\" \"Lisa, tell me the truth.\" Mark said. \"were u ever unfaithful to me?\" Lisa collapsed into tears. \"Oh mark, I felt sorry for Denny, he was so confused and he asked me what jonny and me were doing all that itme alone. So I showed him. but it was only once.\" \"It's ok I undersand.\" Mark said. \"its not your fault, and I forgigve you. Was denny the only one? Its' okay, u can tell me.\" \"Well,\" lisa cried, \"there was also that drug dealer who denny was caught with. He was rugged and exciting and handsome, and he MADE me like him, by smiling and smacking my butt and calling me hot-stuff. I couldn't' control my emotions.\" \"It's ok Liza,\" Mark understood. \"You're a woman.. You can't be expected to control your emotions. That asshole should of known beter than to manipulate you. Was there anyone else?\" \"Well, one time, father o'malley was very lonely, and I felt so sorry for him. but we only did it because we were lonely. It was when jonny was away on work business for over a week, and you weren't answering my calls, and I was just so lonely. But father' O'Malley sobered up again the next day, and realized I was a woman, and lost interest. So he left, and never even called me back.\" \"Poor lisa,\" Mark sympathized. \"I'm so sorry.\" \"I dind't mean to cheet,\" Lisa cried. \"I understand. I still think you're beautiful, and I know you have a good heart. You didn't meant to hurt anyone. Was there anyone else?\" Lisa cried, and poured out the whole story, about Jonny's football friends, jonny's football coach, the lady at the flower shop, the dog, the handsome hobo outside the flowershop, the peanut boy at the football stadium, the round, hard, handsome football, and jonyy's cousin Phillip. \"Mark,\" Lisa sobbed. \"Since you are not really the father, and I cheated…are u going to stop supporting me?\" \"NO!\" Mark said. \"I love you! Only a coward would leave u for a trivial reason like that!\" Mark and Lisa kissed, and them and Jonasina lived happily ever after. Dr. Quack hoever was runned over by a steam roller; karma, a fitting death, for a wicked woman feminist who wanted to ruin Lisa's live with feminist propaganda. Claudette and Denny continued to be stupid, and Joannica continued to be half black, but Mark and Lisa forgave them, just as Makr had rightfully forgiven Lisa. THE END! A/N: Please be nice in reviews, since this story is very significant with me. I based this fanfic partially on my own experience, with my first daughter baby Zilla (short for Godzilla). I was married to my husband Blake (who was a plumber), but he was ugly so I lost control, and cheated, with a man named Marcellus (who was a unprofessional rapper). Since I thought Marcellus was the dad, I let him name our baby, in exchange for paying our bills (since that basterd Blake divorced me and kicked me out, for no good reason). For some odd reason, Marcellus thought Godzilla was a appropriate and meaninglful name four our enthusiastic little girl. But then when it turned out that Zilla was half asian, and not black (like Marcellus) we realized he wasn't the father, and the coward walked out on us. I was left alone with two kids (by then I'd had my second daughter, Gammorah, by a little Fillipino guy who's name I can't recall). My dumb parents kept telling me to get a job (my mothers a feminist UGGH), but I want to injoy my life and my womanhood, so I got with a better man (or so I thought). it's a long story, but long story short, I hope to someday find as REAL MAN like Mark in this story. a man who isn't a cowerd, who doesn't blame a girl for being a girl, and who knows how to be sexy and pay bills. ","Summary":" a/n: This is a sequel to the beautiful drama film known as the Room (written, directed, starred in,"},{"Movie":"The Room, 2003","Title":"But I Love Lisa So Much","Author":"PurrPurrMeow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10487096","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Sun was setting on the beautiful San Francisco skyline as Mark walked to Johnny's apartment. He had butterflies of anticipation as to what he was going to say when he got there. He had been wanting to tell Johnny how he felt about him for some time now. He had decided tonight would be the night as he downed a beer at the bar earlier in the evening. He found that Lisa would also be out for the night after he had called Johnny to let him know that he was coming over. \"Boys night.\" Johnny had chuckled into the phone.\" \"Well, it's now or never.\" Mark said to himself as he rang Johnny's doorbell. He could hear shuffling inside and a few moments later, an excited looking Johnny opened the door. \"Mark, my best friend!\" He exclaimed, putting an arm around Mark in an awkward side hug, clapping him on the back. \"Hi Johnny.\" Replied Mark, smiling wide. There go those damn butterflies again. He thought as Johnny ushered him into the apartment. \"Have a seat, Mark.\" Johnny said waving his hand toward the couch, Vanna White style. Mark smiled again and took a seat while Johnny went to the kitchen to grab some beer. Mark looked around the small living room at all of the pictures. Some were of Johnny and Lisa, which made him sort of jealous but most were of spoons, which he didnt quite understand. A few moments later, Johnny came back into view and sat down on the couch next to Mark. \"So anyway, how is your sex life?\" Johnny inquired, handing Mark a beer. Mark had to try hard not to blush. Truth is, he hadn't been with anyone recently, man or woman because he could only think of Johnny. \"Ah, its not been so great.\" Mark replied, sipping his beer. \"Oh, why's that?\" Johnny asked. Mark shrugged and set his beer down on the table. He felt his cheeks get hot and his palms get sweaty. You've got to do this. He mentally prepared himself for what was about to come. \"What's wrong, Mark?\" Johnny asked, eyes filled with question as to why his best friend was acting so weird tonight. \"Johnny, I have something to tell you.\" Mark said quietly, looking down at his hands. Johnny got quiet too, and set his beer down. \"Johnny, I've loved you since the day I saw you.\" Mark said, looking into Johnny's eyes. \"But I love Lisa so much.\" Frowned Johnny, putting a hand on Mark's shoulder. Mark had known this would happpen and he was prepared. \"Leave your stupid feeings in your pocket and run away with me.\" He said confidently, taking both of Johnny's hands in his and looking him straight in the eyes. Johnny looked back at Mark. \"Oh Mark.\" He sighed, grabbing the back of Mark's head and ramming his lips onto Mark's. The two men kissed and groped for what seemed like forever before coming up for air. \"But where will we run to?\" Johnny asked, out of breath. \"What about Lisa?\" He added. \"Forget about that stupid bitch.\" Mark replied, an evil smile crawling onto his face as he pushed Johnny down on the couch and started unzipping his pants. After both men had been satisfied, they lay together shirtless on the couch, panting. \"I love you, Johnny.\" Whispered mark, kissing Johnny atop the forehead. \"Oh Mark, I love you so much.\" Replied Johnny, letting his head fall onto Mark's shoulder before swiftly falling asleep. ","Summary":" The Sun was setting on the beautiful San Francisco skyline as Mark walked to Johnny's apartment. He"},{"Movie":"The Room, 2003","Title":"Johnny takes revenge on Peter and visits a farm","Author":"Stayker","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8601208","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The first thing Johnny did was laughing. »Hahaha. Just look at these chicken Peter. Chicken just like you. Cheep, cheep cheep… « Peter tried to smile. Just remember: Always make Psychopaths feel comfortable. He didn't want Johnny to have one more of his \"exaggerated\" tempers. In addition, Johnny wasn't just a psychopath (Peter realized that a long time ago. Everybody did); no, he was far more. He was a psychopath with a gun . After Johnny had feigned his \"suicide\" in front of Lisa and Mark, he had decided to find Peter. Johnny had the perception that Peter was the source for all the bad things that had happened. After alll, Peter mysteriously vanished when things with Lisa got worse. When Johnny needed Peter the most, he wasn't there. The consequence was that Johnny had no friends in the world and got fed up with this world. Peter was about to leave San Fransisco when Johnny grabbed him at the station: » Why Peter, why? « »Johnny listen,… I just… I can explain everything.« That was the moment when Johnny revealed the gun »In a few minutes bitch.« With his limited vocabulary, Johnny explained his plan right away: He would seize Peter to be a hostage. The hideout would be a farm with a lot of chicken. He never explained why. He was now pushing the gun into Peters back »You are just a chicken Peter, cheep cheep cheep… « »Listen Johnny. I don't know why you're doing this. You will just get into a lot of trouble, I mean, who do you want to blackmail?« »Hahaha.« »What?« »You are my future wife, Lisa.« »Is this all about Lisa?« Johnny showed his melting smile »That's the idea.« »I don't get it. Why do you still care for her? She cheated on you!« They entered a barn »Anything for my princess. Hahaha.« »Then,… What do you need me for? I mean, isn't this hostage sort of… pointless?« »DO YOU UNDERSTAND LIFE?« Johnny suddenly shouted, »DO YOU?!« What am I supposed to answer? Peter thought and kept quiet. The whole barn was full of hay. Johnny shoved Peter on a bale of hay. For some reason Peter put his hand on his bellybutton, feeling threatened. Just calm down Peter. But Peter could no longer stay calm when Johnny suddenly grinned funny. »I'm gonna take a nap.« Peter watched in horror, when Johnny started to undress. ","Summary":" The first thing Johnny did was laughing. »Hahaha. Just look at these chicken Peter. Chicken just li"},{"Movie":"The Room, 2003","Title":"How Love Becomes Them (A Very Interesting Story)","Author":"windpen","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8881063","Passage":"[Chapter 1] How Love Becomes Them (A Very Interesting Story) This was the day Johnny figured was his future, and he was glad. He was in San Francisco at last. It was 1998. He was a long way from his dreams and now so close to his reality he could taste the tang and smell the very perfume of it. These are the feelings of a man pursuing his aspirations, however far away they take him. Little did Johnny know he would remember this day all the rest of his days and they would be the origin of his terminating torment and the wellspring of all his joys. Such was Johnny's life. 1. Alone—a MAN—with what to his name but a check for $2000? Those who came before: did they get farther west with less? Johnny heard that beyond the final shores of this great land, this land of 48 contiguous states swelling with opportunity, there was another state, buoyed by the waters that hug Mother Earth, called Hawaii. On the Greyhound bus bringing him ever closer to the bus depot, Johnny often thought of that state. It was not like the others in this mighty nation so full of promise, for it was actually a series of islands, each of which had names of their own. These islands were separated by water. Johnny, slumped in his window seat, looked dolefully at his own reflection as if it were his very palm; as if he could read his future in the pits and creases, the face-framing jowls and the trailing strands of his black mane glued by sweat to his forehead. Fleetingly, he thought about Hawaii. It didn't matter. He could scry nothing save windsheared raindrops coursing across the window as the bus careened down the sloping lanes of San Francisco. The bus turned into the terminal, and Johnny saw it was time to join his fellow passengers in setting foot in San Francisco, where dreams are possible. Getting to Hawaii would not be possible by foot or by bus, for it was many miles over the ocean and Johnny had but one check to establish himself in this city with. He could go no further. You know what they say, San Francisco or bust thought Johnny. So Johnny went to a bank kiosk in the terminal, which was a convenience he had not experienced in the smaller towns he lived in before moving to San Francisco. Johnny was dazzled by the size of the terminal and all its offerings and all the people who milled about within its walls. It was hard to believe that outside this building all of San Francisco still awaited him! Johnny turned around and around; his hair whipped about him: he was ecstatic. \"Sir?\" said a bank teller. \"Are you in line?\" \"Oh, hi,\" Johnny said, regaining his composure. The Teller standing on the other side of the counter watched him with considerate professionalism. He pulled off his shades. \"I wanted to cash this check, please.\" \"Certainly, sir,\" said the Teller. \"Do you have an account with us?\" \"An account? What do you think? I just got off the bus. I moved here to San Francisco.\" The Teller nodded sagely. She slid a deposit slip across the counter to Johnny. \"Of course, sir. I will just need you to fill out your name, the account number and the amount of the check.\" Johnny's face smeared into a lazy grin. \"I am from out-of-state.\" The Teller paused. She looked a bit stricken by what Johnny said. \"You mean your bank is in another state too?\" \"Yes, it is,\" he said. There was a sigh mixed in there. \"I have no bank in this state.\" The Teller sadly patted Johnny's hand. \"California laws prohibit in-state banks from cashing this check if the bank is not in this state also.\" Johnny wagged his finger, rolled his eyes and smiled gently at the Teller. She was easily the most beautiful woman he'd seen in days. \"Don't worry about it, everything's going to be OK,\" Johnny said. He walked away. Maybe she's the one he thought. He dropped himself onto the nearest bench and spread his muscled arms across the backrest. Between his sweat-pantsed legs were the two suitcases that carried all that belonged to him. Johnny threw back his head; his face was contorted into a lionesque mask of outrage that seemingly caught fire as sunlight fell upon his rough-hewed visage. There were so many rules in this country, which is the United States of America. It wasn't right that people couldn't just do something as simple as cash a check in any state they liked and live life to the fullest. People should just be happy and love each other and trust that everything will work out in the end , Johnny thought. But he knew that the politicians were only concerned about many regulations. It wasn't easy to run a big country, Johnny supposed. But San Francisco wasn't a big country.—It was a big city, in the state of California. Johnny was so happy to be in San Francisco. He put on his shades. 2. Johnny checked himself into the YMCA nearby. He used his check to secure lodgings there. The Warder of the YMCA was a good-natured man who could see Johnny was a great guy who would work hard and make a name for himself in San Francisco. \"Now even though this check is not from this state,\" the Warder said, \"I know you will work hard and make your rent for the week. When you make $2000, I will give you the $2000 dollars back and then I will cash this check when I visit the state it was issued in. I like to travel.\" Johnny laughed. \"Of course, you must be kidding that I wouldn't, huh? I worked in finance back in the state I moved out of. I will make money to pay you by the end of the week.\" The Warder laughed warmly. He was tossing a football around back and forth between his two hands. Johnny watched the ball; he was mesmerized. \"You play football?\" asked the Warder. Johnny shrugged his question off with a grin. \"I watched football often in the state I moved from,\" Johnny said. \"But it was such a small town I lived in that there were not enough people to play football. So I just watched it on TV.\" \"To play you only need two people.\" Johnny's eyes drifted to a clipboard hanging off a pillar in the Warder's office, thinking of those carefree days before he arrived in San Francisco. \"There were at least two people in the town I lived in before I came here,\" Johnny said. \"Show me how to play.\" The Warder and Johnny went into a gym area and tossed the football between them. They stood no more than a few feet apart. This initially bothered Johnny. \"Why are we playing like this?\" Johnny asked. \"On TV the players are on a big field.\" The Warder's brow furrowed. \"Yes,\" the Warder said. \"But playing this close allows us to keep control of the ball and stay in closer range.\" Johnny laughed. \"I get the picture, yeah!\" he said. 3. Johnny found it hard finding a job in finance in San Francisco. But he didn't worry about that. He got a job working at a local coffee shop on the ground floor of a hotel. The coffee shop sold the best cheesecake in San Francisco. His supervisor was named Susan and she thought that Johnny would do a great job working in the store because he had such a generous, giving personality that made people just love him. \"He will sell lots of cheesecake to our customers,\" she told the Manager. \"People love Johnny.\" The Manager was very jealous of Johnny's winning ways and saw to it that Johnny never rose above being a busboy in the coffee shop for the one-and-a-half years Johnny worked there. Every brilliant idea Johnny had about selling cheesecake and other foodstuffs in the shop were stolen from Johnny by the Manager to improve the Manager's reputation. Johnny, for instance, came up with the cow-spotted design for their general product look, but the Manager took the credit. \"It's bullshit,\" Johnny told Susan. \"I came up with that design. I'm fed up with this job.\" Susan warned the Manager Johnny was planning to quit, so the Manager grudgingly gave Johnny pitiful wage increases. Johnny stayed on. It was fortunate for Johnny he did. One bright afternoon in 1998 as Johnny was carrying a tray with a couple a cherry-infused sparkling waters, a lemon-sprinkled cheesecake, a small hot chocolate and a slice of tiramisu, he saw a very beautiful woman moping next to a window table. He was struck with how beautiful she was. She wore an orange bandana, a flimsy red blouse, an ocher skirt and a pair of moccasins. A wistful thread of steam from the coffee cup in front of her trailed away, up to the acoustical ceiling. Johnny went over to her. \"Hi,\" he said. The woman smiled at him, her smile framed by a blonde pageboy. \"Hi,\" she said. \"My name is Lisa.\" \"Wow,\" Johnny said. \"My name is Johnny!\" They shook hands. \"My shift is almost over,\" Johnny said. \"Would you like me to buy you something here? It's on the house.\" Lisa shrugged. \"Sorry, I have to go. Maybe we could meet sometime for dinner?\" \"Yeah, sure, that's great, maybe this week? But, ah, I don't have a lot of money right now and I am living at the YMCA.\" Lisa laughed. \"Don't worry about it, silly!\" she said. So Johnny and Lisa exchanged numbers, though Lisa could only reach Johnny during curfew hours at the Y after work and he was limited to two personal in-store calls every day. Lisa had a cellular phone but she often incurred roaming charges and went over her minutes, so it was best if she called him. Still, they got together and had dinner—the first of many. Lisa paid for that first dinner, but Johnny did buy her red roses (the Warder lent Johnny the money) . \"Red is a beautiful color for you, Lisa. It makes you so sexy.\" \"Thank you, Johnny. How sweet of you!\" Lisa said. They took a trolley over to a hill to see the Golden Gate Bridge at night. It was beautiful. It stretched across the waters of San Francisco Bay. Lisa was bored; she wasn't impressed, since she'd seen the Bridge many times before. But she thought Johnny was amazing. How long would she stay with him, she wondered? How much happiness and wealth could she squeeze out of him? How many of the best years of her life would she sacrifice to make their relationship work? All that was in the future, Lisa supposed. Their reality—her and Johnny's—was now; their dreams spread out before them like the Bridge and the shimmering waters that flowed beneath it. These were the feelings of a young woman constrained by the expectations of a dominating mother; the feelings of a young woman who smells the musk of her man and wants it all. Little did Lisa know that that hot, sweaty, sexy night in 1996 was the beginning of seven years of hell with this prick; the most generous, giving man in all of San Francisco, it sometimes seemed. Life was strange these days. Who cared? Lisa wanted it all, anyway. ","Summary":" How Love Becomes Them (A Very Interesting Story) This was the day Johnny figured was his future, an"},{"Movie":"The Room, 2003","Title":"Claudette Dies","Author":"Wenchicus Thoticus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12858433","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: I was drunk as I wrote this, and I am still drunk as I post this. It is unedited. I wonder if it's actually that much different from the stuff I write when I'm sober but we'll see. Once upon a midnight dreary, Claudette gave nary a fuck. Fuck. Well, that was what Mark said on that fateful date. You see, Claudette, yes this is another one about Claudette's breast cancer never mentioned; well she had been diagnosed with breast cancer, and she didn't have very much time left to live. But one thing. One thing was certain of her. She was gonna make damn well sure that her daughter (dotter) was going to end up with the RIGHT MAN. Because Johnny was just the best guy ever, he was so perfect and good. Claudette wanted Johnny herself. Oh his long and luscious hair as black as the heart of a raven (that was also very black). His sexy and mysterious accent. His charming demeanor and how he was oh so wonderful and friendly saying \"oh hai\" to everyone. Sure she wanted to fuck Johnny but for her daughter she didn't do that. Because we all know that a grown ass woman can't survive on her own and needs a man to support her because this is the middle fucking ages. Claudette was very old, having been born in such a time, and she accepted that death had come for her. Oh the sweet sweet release of death. And it would be coming for someone else on that fateful morning. Mark was in his car being \"very busy\" whatever that entails. Claudette got a spray can of vinegar and a steak knife. She was going to die soon so she didn't really give a fuck if she went to jail. \"Oh hai Claudette\" came a voice from the skies. It was God. (Because Johnny was God.) \"Oh hai God\" said Claudette happily. She knew she was doing God's work. With her vicious spray can, she encroached on the car. Mark chatted away obliviously with Lisa on the phone because the power of boners was stronger than the power of reason. Sheer force broke Claudette through the window and into the car. She released a scream of righteous fury and sprayed the everloving shit out of Mark. Mark screamed in pain and distress as his eyes sizzled and disintegrated. \"Oh bai Mark\" murmured Claudette vindictively and stabbed him in the heart 23 times, the amount of times that Julius Caesar and also Euronymous from the Norwegian black metal band Mayhem had been stabbed. \"I'm gonna eat your skin\" \"Fuck\" yelled Mark as he met his maker. And then Claudette proceeded to skin Mark in the middle of a brightly lit parking lot in the middle of the day. Lisa would never re (I forgot the word but it is a fancy word for meet) Mark again because he was DEAD The police showed up because Claudette had murdered a man in the middle of a brightly lit parking lot in the middle of the day. However, she dropped dead on the spot because she had a terminal illness, cancer, even though that was definitely not how cancer worked. When you have cancer you die a long and painful death and you lose all your dignity. Okay this is getting dark for a crack fic but I recently lost a relative to cancer so yeah all of Claudette;s relatives are asshole. They don't care about her at all and they just dismiss it. Wow rude. She is trapping Lisa with Johnny and killing her true love so I guess that's some decent enough revenge. Claudette went to the morgue. \"Oh bai Lisa's Mom\" said Denny. \"I will fuck your daughter now\" And then Lisa proceeded to cheat on Johnny with Denny in spite of her mother's best wishes and the cause for which she had sacrificed her life. Denny was a creep of course but still. Better than Jonny am I right guys?/? Well the world may never know because Johnny killed himself anyways once he learned of this. God is dead. Then Johnny went to heaven, but it wasn't Christian heaven. It was Johnny heaven. He excel graphed. He banked but it was confidential. Anyways how is your sex life? He got lots of flowers showered on his grave and got to pet all the dogs in the world. And when Lisa died via gunshot wound (courtesy of everyone's favorite drug dealer, Chris R) five years later she went to The Great Abyss instead of heaven or even Johnny heaven. Denny then died because he couldn't pay for anything. He was broke without his adoptive parents (one of whom he had fucked). Denny went on to live on the streets for a few years but then he got his lucky break as a chef, now he has his own cooking show and he remarried a woman named AAAAAAAAAARSHHH. She is much nicer than Lisa. And such concludes the story of the room and Claudette's murder of oh hai Mark. There are probably lots of plot points I forgot to wrap up, but I couldn't be fucked to do it because neither could Tommy Wiseau. Goodnight guys I hope you liked it.[Chapter 2] Google Translate 1 Claudette will die Once a sad night came, Claudette did not do that. Shit Well, that is what Mark said on its destiny day. You are a Claudette yes, this is another thing about Claudette's breast cancer that was never mentioned. Well, she was diagnosed with breast cancer, and she did not have much time to live. But each one was convinced of her. She was absolutely sure that her daughter (Dotter) would be the right person. Johnny was always the best man, so he was very perfect. Claudit wanted Johnny himself. Oh, like his long, tasty black hair, the otters' breasts (it was also black). His sexy and mysterious accents. His attractive attitude and what he was saying \"Ohay\" for everyone was wonderful and kind. Of course, she wanted to get along with Johnny, but for her daughter she did not do that. We know that for all mature adult women to survive by themselves it does not need a man to support it because it's a half age aged. Claudette was very old, born at that moment, she agreed that death came for her. Oh, liberation from sweet and sweet death. And another person will come this morning of fate. Mark was told that his car was \"very busy.\" Claudette received a box of vinegar and meat's knife. As he intended to die soon, he did not mind whether he would go to jail. \"Oh, Hi Claudetto\" gave out a voice from heaven. It was a god (as Johnny was a god) \"Oh, my god,\" Claudette said happily. She knew that she was doing the work of God. With her powerful aerosol can, she invaded the car. Mark talked with Lisa on the phone unconsciously. Because the power of erection was stronger than the power of reason. The power broke Claudette from the window and in the car. He shouted angrily and broke Mark 's shit. Mark sued and suffered pain when the eyes trembled and collapsed. \"Mark · by ah,\" he murmured Claudette violently stabbed him 23 times in his mind, double the amount of Julius Caesar and Euronymoth Norway's Black Metal Band Mayhem was stabbed. \"I am going to eat your skin\" \"Fuck\" mark cried when I met a creators. And Claudette advanced to divide Mark in the middle of a bright parking space in the day. Lisa never returned to the original (I forgot the word, but it is an elegant word) The police seemed to have lit Claudette for half a day and killed a person in the midst of the parking lot. However, he died because it was a terminal disease, but he was not a cure for cancer. If you become cancer, you will have a long and painful death and you will lose all dignity. Well, it has become dark due to the FIC, but recently, all parents of Claudette were poor and lost a loved one. They do not mind at all, they simply remove it. Thick wow. He imprisoned Lisa with Johnny and killed real love, so I think that is a decent vengeance. Claudette went to the morgue. \"Oh, Bai Lisa's mother,\" Denny said. \"I am going to fuck with your girl now\" And Lisa cheated Johnny Denny, despite his mother and their best wishes because they were sacrificing his life. Denny, of course, was cruevo, but always. It's better than Johnny, is not it? /? Well, if Johnny knew about it, Jackie was killed anyway, so the world might not know. God is dead. So Johnny went to heaven, but it was not a Christian paradise. It was Johnny heaven. He was graphically superior. It hit, but it was confidential. Anyway, how is your sexual life? They gave him a lot of flowers in the grave and kept all the dogs in the world. In the case that Lisa died of gunshot wounds (courtesy of everyone's favorite dealer medicine, Chris R), five years later he went to paradise instead of Great Abyss or Johnny heaven. Denny died because he was unable to pay anything. He was broken without adoption's parents (one of whom was fucked). Denny continued to live on the street for several years, but after that there was an opportunity to rest as a chef, but now he has his own dish and a woman named AAAAAAAAAARSHHH remarried. She is far better than Lisa. And it ends the story of Claude's plays and murder case, Oh, Mark. Probably to the plot, forgetting to close many points there, probably I could not blame him for either Tommy Wissau. afternoon Google Translate 2 Claudette did it When the sad night came, Crawford did not. Shit Well, Mark said, fate. You Claudette, yes, that's another thing Claudet never mentioned. She was then diagnosed with breast cancer and did not have much time to live. But everyone believes it. He is absolutely convinced that his daughter (Duter) will be the right person. Johnny is always the best person, so he is perfect. Claude Jones wants John himself. Oh, how long, tasty brunette, tits boobs (with black). His sexy and mysterious accent. His charming approach and what he called \"Olympics\" for everyone is beautiful and beautiful. Of course he wanted to attend Johnny, but he did not do it to his daughter. We know that all older women should not support him because they are half age. Claudel was very old and was born at the same time and agreed to die for her. Truly, sweet and sweet dead were reported. Another man came to this fate this morning. Mark said his car is \"very busy.\" Claudette picked up a box of vinegar and a cleaver. When he died shortly afterwards, he was not worried about prison. \"Hello, Claudio Delto,\" he made a noise from the sky. There is a God (just like John is God) \"Oh, my God,\" said Kiron happily. He knew he had a job of God. A powerful gun with a spray gun hit the car. Mark did not know it was talking to Lisa on the phone. Because the strength of the erection is stronger than that of sympathy. Electricity has broken windows and clouds and cars. He shouted angrily and broke Mark's shit. Marcus sued and suffered as his eyes collapsed. \"Mark\" Om said: \"Creeping took him 23 times to force him to double the number of emperors in his head and the black Norwegian black band was shot to death\" I eat leather. \" When I met these creatures, \"looting\" cried. Claudette moved through a bright parking lot during the day to share signals. Lisa did not return to her original position (I forgot the word, but this is a modern word) The policemen inhaled for half a day and killed a car in the middle of the car. However, he died because he had the last disease, but he had no cancer. If you become cancer, you will have a long and painful death and you will lose all of humanity. Well, because of the top of the hill, it was dark, but all the great cludts were bad recently and lost their loved ones. They do not care, just delete it. Wow wow. He took Annie Johnny to kill the real lover, so I think it is a decent honor. Crowt went to the monastery. \"Oh, my sister's mother,\" Danny said. \"I'll kill your girl now\" Despite her mother and hopes, Lisa tortured Johnny Denny because he sacrificed his life. Of course, Danny is Kroev, but that's always the case. It's better than Johnny, is not it? /; Well, if John knew that, Jackie would die for everything, so the world did not know it. God is dead. So John went to heaven, but it is not a Christian paradise. It's Johnny's sky. It is amazing with graphics. It's very popular, but it's confidential. Unnamed: Anyway, what about your sex life? They gave him many flowers in the grave and left all the dogs in this world. If Lisa died of gunshot wounds (all favorite animal drug and Chris R), he went to heaven five years later instead of the fat skies Johnny. Danny died because she could not afford to pay anything. He was confused by the adoptive parents (one of whom was armed). Danny still lives on the road for many years, but he has the opportunity to rest your cook. He now has his own meals and a woman named AAAAAAAAAAARHHH. It's much better than Melissa. It ended with the story of the play and the murder of Claudia, oh Mark. Maybe in this episode, without forgetting many points there, I can not even blame him for Tammy Viseo. Afternoon ","Summary":" AN: I was drunk as I wrote this, and I am still drunk as I post this. It is unedited. I wonder if i"},{"Movie":"Daybreakers","Title":"Illicit Affairs","Author":"sinkslowdown","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6044403","Passage":"[Chapter 1] (i) Desire to eat habitually. That is the definition of gluttony. Even after the outbreak, gluttony's definition had yet to change. Only what it was that was the desired food changed. From meat products and vegetables to blood. Type A, B, AB, and O. Negatives and Positives. Negatives were rare and the rarer the blood type the more delicious the taste, or so they say. AB Negatives were the rarest type, so imagine the delight Frankie Dalton felt one evening when he found a human with that very delectable blood type. \"Oh, shit,\" she gasped when she saw the yellow-colored eyes staring at her. Frankie smirked, his fangs peaking out just above his lower lip. He smelt it-her fear. She was drenched in the scent and it was arousing. \"Please,\" she cried, tears streaking down her cheeks as she blinked, trying to stop the others from flowing. \"I don't-I don't want to die!\" \"Then turn.\" It was simple, wasn't it? Just join them, the vampires, the ruling race, and survive. She wouldn't be hunted. She wouldn't live in fear. She'd live for eternity, or until she was burned up by the sun. Not that Frankie would let that happen, she was far too beautiful to be burnt to death.) When he saw her head shaking and heard her pleading, he laughed. He laughed at the stupidity-the fear the humans had to live with. \"Go to hell,\" she spat and Frankie paused, mid-laugh. He looked at her and even though her brown eyes were filled with tears, he saw anger and determination behind them. \"If you haven't noticed, this place already is hell!\" Frankie found himself shouting, the same amount of anger in her flowing through him. She took a step backwards, eyes wide, both afraid and surprised by his outburst. Frankie looked at her with contempt before taking another step towards her, the desire to turn her growing. \"Just...turn,\" he said, the softness in his tone making her tense. \"It will be more bearable that way.\" He had stopped, assuring a small space between her and himself, and he looked down at her, the same sickening feeling in his gut like the time he had turned his brother. When he saw her close her eyes and sigh, he brought a hand up to her neck and gently brushed back the black hair. He pressed his palm against her exposed neck and ran it up and down, ghosting her neck, her shoulder, and relishing the feel of the goosebumps that appeared on her soft skin. He leaned down, his fangs lengthened, his hand pressing against the back of her neck to pull her close, when suddenly, he felt the cool point of a spear being pointed at the side of his head. note: i'm anxious about this, but hell, here it goes. illicit affairs is nothing more than a small-very small-collection of drabbles on frankie and his life post-outbreak/pre- daybreakers , so his personality is a bit different than the one from the movie.[Chapter 2] (ii) She felt his hands touching the sides of her arms, gently, soothing. She bit her lower lip and closed her eyes as she felt his lips on her neck once more, his breath as he sighed. When his hands touched her own, she shivered. His hands were cold, almost freezing. \"Want some?\" she asked, pushing her head back and resting it on the man's shoulder that was no more than an inch away from her. Her hand snaked behind her and she felt the back of his head. Her touch wandered, however, and her hand soon rested on the tip of his ear, frowning just a little when she felt its roundness. \"Please, Vera\" he whispered, his mouth opening, his fangs trailing down her neck. For a second, Vera wondered just how it would feel to have his fangs sink into her neck, as he sucked as much blood as he wanted, helping her turn. She wanted that, if it was from Frankie. Immortality, she had realized from after studying Frankie for days on end, wasn't such a bad idea. Her eyes flashed open and she found Frankie looking down at her. \"Move along, then,\" she said, sitting back up out of his reach before searching for a needle, a tourniquet, antiseptics and a bag. \"It'll be ready in a while.'' After Frankie left, she sat by herself, prepping her arm once more to complete her part of the bargain. No , she thought, injecting a needle into her vein, letting the bag fill with her pint of blood, a serving he'd survive on for a three days. That's not a life worth living. note: i actually like leaving their thoughts travel off. it's much more relaxing. but if i did write what Vera thought when she felt his round ear, i think this would be a page longer than necessary 'cause Vera likes to go off on a tangent about Frankie's habits, or so he tells me. i don't know whether or not to make it longer than i've planned to make it, but i'll see to that later. they're only drabbles after all. either way, enjoy. :)[Chapter 3] (iii) \"Video games again?\" Vera picked up the wrappers on the table, each one more roughly than the next, frowning as Frankie kept dodging her to look up at the screen of the television where a car was being driven by a vampire-istic character as he hunted down humans like they were cattle. Wincing when she heard a terrifying screech as a human was tranquilized by Frankie's character's comrades, Vera walked past and tossed the bags out. \" A Negative Caramel Wafers, Blood Cheetos , O Positive Blood Duds, \" Vera read as she tossed each bag, one after the other, into the silver rubbish bin. Wonder what else they'll put blood in. \"Damn it,\" Frankie shouted as his vampire exploded. \"That fucking-Where the hell did-Vera! Where's my fucking blooditos ?\" \"You're out of them,\" Vera snapped. \"You haven't shopped in over two weeks!\" \"I just got back from my tour of duty,\" Frankie replied as he got up and restarted the game. \"I've only got a month before I have to go back-I'm not going to spend them shopping !\" \"Well, I certainly can't go out.\" Vera moved back towards the kitchen, a glass of water in her hand and a cup of blood in the other. \"Not my fault you refuse to turn,\" Frankie sang, his gold eyes never leaving the television where he had started on level one: the farm at Bromley Marks Pharmaceuticals. Vera plopped down onto the leather sofa, tucking her feet under her. She shoved the blood-filled cup in Frankie's line of vision and was not amazed when she saw him move up and grab the cup with his mouth before sitting back, tipping the cup over, and drinking it. The game wore on until late that evening. note: haha, i had a fun time renaming our junk food into something more vampire-approved. i can not even come close to picturing myself eating any of the food mentioned here. and caramel wafers are the best out of all the ones i mentioned (in my opinion). blooditos and blood cheetos-the originality when it comes to naming junk food is still non-existent. go figure. this was somewhat crack-ish, no? but that is the way of the sloths. :)[Chapter 4] warning: this chapter contains sex , mainly a masturbation scene ( male masturbation if it makes people more/less interested). so, skip the chapter if you don't like sex, but don't complain afterwords; i gave you a fair warning. (iv) Water dribbled down his body, from his head to his toes and he felt at ease. His sore muscles relaxed and the strain he put on his body that day was almost literally washed away as he took his morning shower. The soap was disappearing and when he thought of someone's body, pushed up against the wall, slick and wet, moaning his name, he felt himself grow warm. He groaned indignantly before he moved his hand down and grabbed the erect member that had started poking the lower regions of his abdomen. \"S-shit.\" He gently stroked his member a couple times, moaning softly as he did so, feeling the pang of lust in the pit of his stomach grow as he did so. The palm of his other hand pressed against the wall, his fingers trying to claw at it as though it was soft flesh. He hit his head against it, trying to regain some sanity as the increased pleasure seemed to take away. Cool water continued to drip down his back and he tugged faster. He felt a shiver run up his spine as his finger ran across the tip of the head, smearing pre-cum around it. He threw his head back as another wave of pleasure rippled throughout his entire body and spurt out against the tiled wall before him. \"Oh,\" he panted, his hand stroking himself, letting himself ride out the rest of his orgasm, falling into complete oblivion as he continued. \"F-fuck.\" He sighed deeply before he moved his limp body back under the cool water that now seems freezing compared to the insuferable heat he had felt a moment before. More water trickled down his body. It wasn't until Frankie finished his shower and shut it off that he heard hurried departing footsteps just outside his door. note: i can't write a full on sex scene for the life of me, or a masturbation scene. funny thing is that i can easily write all these really explicit sex scenes in some of my other fandoms that contain sex, but here it's almost like sex in general is taboo. i mean, you're either hunting or being hunted in daybreakers , so i guess reproduction isn't much of an option for either group. vampires live forever, so why add more? and humans are being slaughtered, so why try to procreate to help the vampires in the first place? so, sorry if this sucked, but eh, can't say i didn't try.[Chapter 5] (v) There have been rumors going around about those that drink AB blood would become addicted. Scientists, including Frankie's brother Edward, have published the results of studies done on vampires that only drink one type of blood. The results always came to one common conclusion: AB blood types are the most addictive, and to those vampires that try to quit without help, there would be terrifying withdrawal symptoms. Whether Frankie was one that believed it was a ruse made by the rich so that they would get the most delectable blood for themselves, or whether he was in denial, was not what mattered to him. Blood, her blood, was all he cared about. In the morning, he would go to the kitchen a have a cup of her blood. After a shower, with vodka (something Vera had introduced and, consequently, gotten him addicted to shortly after her arrival), after a workout, and even before he went up to bed he'd have another cup. It was as routine to him as anything else. He could easily say it was due to his vampirism, that it was just something he had to do, but there was a growing desperation in him that turned into anger and he had no qualms about unleashing it on the unsuspecting human in the vicinity. Words were exchanged and he felt his fangs lengthen just a bit as he glared at her. She trembled and a familiar smell of fear filled his nostrils. \"Frankie, please,\" she cried, backing up against the wall and soon he felt something pressing against his stomach. He looked down. \"I-I made this for you today,\" she said quickly, the blood being pressed in the bag, making a white space appear between her thumb, the bag, and her index finger. \"I was planning on replacing the other bags, but it takes a lot longer than I've been accustomed to. It...\" Taking the bag, he felt her hands and noticed they were thin and pale, the warmth he had felt radiating off her was almost gone. \"I'll go fill the other bags, then, alright?\" Her lips curved upwards in a weak smile and she quickly excused herself to her room, where the equipment for her donations were kept. That was the first time in three years that Frankie had lost all desire to drink blood. note: sorry for the long wait. i've had this chapter written since forever ago, but haven't had the time to update at all. so sorry. hope you all enjoyed it.[Chapter 6] (vi) Dreams of death plagued Frankie each and every night. Sometimes he would wake, find his body in a cold sweat, and go down stairs, searching for a cup of the AB blood. Other times, Frankie would roll over onto his side, say, \"It's just a nightmare,\" before falling into his own dreamland once more. However, the dream would return, always the same. He would be in his bedroom, a lamp lit in the corner, a computer laid on his bed while he turned his back to it, eyes closed as he slept. The sun was still out; two hours were left before it sunk away. The door would open and there were be soft footsteps as someone padded into his room. His bed would dip and he would unconsciously turn onto his back. The person would pause for a moment and then, once they were sure that Frankie was still asleep, they would continue to crawl up the bed. Frankie would be able to feel them, the heat radiating off their body, as they moved further up his body, legs on each side, following the paths the two hands made. The figure would stop, hands on either side of his head, legs almost straddling his waist. He would open his eyes, just a bit, to try to glance at the figure above him, to make out a shape, but the light was behind the person, and the figure would be nothing but a shadow. Suddenly, there would be pressure on his neck, tight, constricting, and he wouldn't be able to breathe, and his eyes would snap open, surprised, desperation growing as the lack of air supplied to his lungs decreased. \"I'm sorry,\" the voice above him would say, cracking slightly as she spoke. \"V-Vera?\" he would managed to choke out before the hold would tighten again. It would be then that he would snap. His fangs would grow, his strength would multiply, and he would overtake the girl, pushing her onto the bed, snarling from his new position, and, with his newfound lack of control, he'd spring forward and bite down on her neck. There would be a deafening scream and he would wake up. Which is why, the next evening, after having dreamt the same dream again, he walked down stairs, searching for the human girl that would usually be in the kitchen, eating some blood-free breakfast. However, that evening was the evening that he returned to her bedroom, rapped on the door several times, entered despite protests not to and met a pair of sad, golden eyes. note: a rather depressing second-to-last chapter, huh?[Chapter 7] (vii) The way that Vera would flip him off as he went to work and she went to bed were very going to be missed. The way she would hand him a cup of her own blood, with a smile on her face all the while, was definitely going to be something he would want to have back after a week of getting it from the BloodBucks down the street. The way that she would feel as she slipped by his side, warming him when she, too, wanted the same comfort he wanted from her—that was going to be missed, too. The piles of blood that were stacked in a freezer she had asked him to install (\"It'll be easier to store the blood for you if we kept a larger one downstairs.\") were there, being used in smaller portions and moved around to keep from \"going bad\" since there would never be a day where he would get a fresh cup of her blood anymore. The only other thing left, other than her blood and the memories that were not fading fast enough, was a letter written by her for him. One that told him about how much she rather enjoyed being with him, but also about how she knew her death would be soon. \"I wonder what it would be like,\" he read aloud for the millionth time to himself as he sat alone in a dark room, \"if our circumstances had been different. If this disease hadn't gone around.\" Her writing would space here and continue on, but he wouldn't be able to read it anymore. It was all too sad, reading her goodbyes and her apologies for what she had failed to do. It was even crumpled, this letter of hers, because when he hadn't found her and searched high and low only to find the piece of paper and whatever ashes of her that had not been blown away by the wind, he had gotten angry and made a paper ball out of it. He had even thought of ripping it and burning it, but had, after a good hour of angry cursing, decided it better not to. -x- \"What are you doing?\" Frankie asked as he found Vera climbing down a set of stairs that led to the rooftop he used for astronomy studying during his college days. \"Looking at the sun,\" she said simply, smiling and he had already known that. The smell of sun on her skin was strong. \"They say there's going to be an eclipse later today, so I'm getting prepared for it. Will you watch, too?\" \"No,\" Frankie had replied. \"I've got other things to do and you won't be convincing me otherwise.\" \"Aw!\" -x- He had remembered climbing up the minute the radio reported it was safe for the vampires to step outside (if they were awake, of course) and she had been happy enough not to brag about him \"giving in\" and they had spent the entire time there, watching the mysterious phenomenon. And now, as he stood near a window, a small one he only opened at night, he gripped the letter tightly before hiding it within his pants pocket and picking up the bag that had been filled with his clothes. With the bag slung over his shoulder, a letter from a man named Bromely in his breast pocket, and a last glance of his now-empty home, Frankie stepped out. (End) note: can't believe it's over. but i had to end it somewhere and Vera's death had to be done. she couldn't go living as a vampire and I get the feeling Frankie knew this would happen, but that's left to interpretation, no? anyway, thanks to all the readers that enjoyed this story (especially CorkyConlon who reviewed every chapter without fail! seriously, you made writing this story really worth it!). it was fun writing, but i will bid you all adieu 'till next time. ","Summary":" (i) Desire to eat habitually. That is the definition of gluttony. Even after the outbreak, gluttony"},{"Movie":"Imagine Me & You","Title":"The Days to Follow","Author":"octagon music","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7727996","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 Somehow they managed to make their way to Luce's flat. Between weaving their way to the cab to fetch Luce's luggage and pay the driver, dragging the bags to Rachel's parents' car and sitting in that traffic jam for over an hour, the experience was something they would both like to forget. Luce sat on her sofa with Rachel by her side. Although spending all that time pressed up against Rachel was pretty pleasant, Luce mused. They were both flying high on adrenaline then, and there was little they could do about it, what with Rachel's parents in the front and Ella in the back; three people sharing a seat that was meant for two. So they rested their hands in each others' laps, enjoyed each others' company and participated in conversation that got awkward- really awkward at times. And now that they were alone at last, the adrenaline has settled, replaced by thoughts. Heavy thoughts. \"How could I do this to him? How can I just stab the poor man in the heart?\" Rachel murmured while gazing off into the corner of the room. \"I'm not talking about this morning. Not what went on this morning. I'm not talking about us, Luce,\" she added, \"I'm talking about everything up until now. Sometimes you just live your life without actually thinking. You don't listen to yourself. And then you wonder where you went wrong.\" Her voice trailed off. \"How many times did I repeat the same words. 'He's my best friend.' It never really hit me. Do you know what I said to Hec just last night?,\" Rachel made a sharp turn to face Luce and leaned in a bit to make her point. \"I told him he was my best friend, and that it's enough. That it's always been enough and will continue to be enough. That is how I wounded him. Because only being best friends is not enough in a marriage. I led him to think I loved him. And I did. I still do. But in a different way than he has always loved me.\" Rachel pulled herself into the corner of the sofa, opposite from Luce and hugged her knees to her chest. Their gaze met, and Luce saw Rachel's eyes glistening with tears. As much as she wanted to pull Rachel into a hug, she realized that Rachel needed her space right now. \"I have always loved him. Like a brother. I have always cared about him and wanted the best for him. I love him in the same way I love my sister. And I never realized that before.\" Then with a chuckle she added, \"I said it all the time, yet I never realized it. All we were is best friends. I never knew what real love is until I met you, Luce. And I denied Hec the opportunity to find real love. I hurt him by not leaving before so he can find his true soul mate. All I wish for is that he could forgive me and that we can continue to be friends. But I won't blame him if he won't. I won't blame him if he never wants to see me again.\" The tears slipped down Rachel's cheeks as she moved towards Luce and locked her in a long and comforting hug. \"Do you honestly think Hec will never want to see you again?\" Luce asked. Rachel just hugged her tighter. She'd have to face Hec and apologize. Tomorrow. She would have to repeat this emotionally charged realization, and she wasn't up for it tonight. It was dark already anyway and she was tired out from the long day. Rachel got up from the sofa first. Once she made the decision to face Hec tomorrow and talk everything through with him, she allowed herself to enjoy her evening. \"So, show me around?\" \"Oh, of course. Come on,\" Luce replied. But Rachel was ahead of her, already running her fingers over the beaded curtains and her eyes over the shelves filled with small floral notecards, glass vases filled with pens, pencils, paintbrushes. A single dried rose was in each vase. There were bottles of all different shapes and sizes. Some were filled with what looked to be essential oils. And there were books. Two bookshelves that reached all the way up to the ceiling and they were crammed with books. The living room reminded Rachel so much of Luce's shop and it made her smile. She looked back at the sofa they had sat on before. It was so... Luce. The fabric was dark blue corduroy. There were two different patchwork pillows and a navy throw with with small white flowers. Even the walls fit her personality. One wall was light brick. Another had dark wood paneling. The third was covered with bookshelves so that Rachel couldn't make out what the actual wall was made of. And the fourth side was open to the hallway. Rachel closed her eyes, spread her arms and walked through beaded curtain, letting the strings flow over her like a cleansing rain. \"Next stop?\" She laughed. That laugh warmed Luce deep inside her soul. How she loved that sound. Luce took Rachel to the kitchen, where she let her look around while Luce herself began to prepare dinner. They hadn't eaten anything since the morning, and they only realized it now. Rachel tucked her fingers into her jeans pockets and looked up at the dried herbs hanging from the ceiling. On the wall were shadow boxes with little dried herb and flower bouquets arranged inside. Her eyes drifted towards the solid wood counter where Luce had arranged vegetables to be peeled and sliced into the pan where onions were already sizzling. Rachel picked up a carrot, removed the peeler from Luce's hand and nudged her with her hip over to the cutting board. It felt so normal to be preparing food together. They worked seamlessly without exchanging even one word. They were winding down on the sofa after dinner with a glass of wine. It was evening. There was no way Rachel was going back to her flat that night. And she really wanted to avoid staying over at her parents' house, too. All that time spent with them in the car was enough to last her a while. She rolled her eyes inwardly at her parents. And she really had to think about what she'd say to H before she saw her next. \"Luce, may I, uh, may I spend the night? I mean just for a place to stay. I can't very well go home tonight...\" \"Of course you're staying, Love. I didn't realize you... I just figured that was what you planned on. Don't worry about anything. I'll take the sofa.\" \"Planned on?\" Rachel couldn't hold back a laugh. \"I didn't plan anything that happened in my life these past few months. It's probably better this way. It's turned out better and wilder and crazier than... and considering that the last thing I actually did plan was my wedding. Guess I'm just a lousy planner,\" Rachel concluded with a grin, which faded slowly once she noticed the way Luce was looking at her. That stifled smile, that raised eyebrow. \"And I talk too much,\" Rachel half whispered, placing her wine glass on a worn oak side table. Turning towards Luce, she smiled and removed her glass from her hand as well, placing it on the table near her own. Rachel raised her hand to Luce's cheek and drew her face closer. Their lips locked in a soft and gentle kiss. Rachel's hand slipped down from Luce's cheek, to her shoulder, pausing there, drawing Luce's upper body closer to her own. The hand continued down. Before it could find a place to settle, Luce enveloped Rachel's fingers inside her own and broke the kiss. They sat there, resting their heads on the back of the sofa, just looking at each other. \"You know, Rach,\" Luce ventured to break the silence first, \"the highs and lows that I've experienced over the past few days are nothing compared to what you've had to go through.\" Rachel nodded slightly. \"And tomorrow will be hard on you as well. You have enough emotions coursing through your veins right now. I think what's best for both of us is to keep this evening emotionally bland.\" Rachel felt the same way, and she knew Luce realized it. She smiled at Luce's choice of words. They sat for a few more minutes in companionable silence. Luce left the room and returned a minute later with something in her hand. \"I just realized you have nothing with you to change into,\" she said, throwing the bundle at Rachel, who caught it against her chest at the last moment. \"I'll show you to the bathroom. Go get ready for bed. You need your rest.\" Luce extended her hand. Rachel took it and pulled herself up off the sofa. When they got to the bathroom, Luce hoisted herself up on the bathroom counter. She stood on her knees and rummaged in a cabinet for a bit. A few seconds later, she hopped off, presenting a packaged toothbrush to Rachel as if it were a flower. \"I always have a few extras up in the cabinet.\" She pulled out a fresh towel, hung it on a hook, patted Rachel's shoulder and left. Left alone with her thoughts for the first time since late last night when she left Hec on the sofa and went to bed, Rachel made the decision to just clear her mind and not think about anything. It was just too scary. She leaned on the edge of the sink with her palms and just looked at herself in the mirror for a long minute. Then she began to undress. Realizing that she'd need to wear these same clothes tomorrow, she folded them neatly on the edge of the counter and stepped into the shower. Turning off her mind was easier than she thought it would be, and she lost herself in the warm pounding water and in pure oblivion. The only time her extinction was interrupted was when she massaged the shampoo into her hair. A feeling radiated subconsciously from deep inside and warmed her entire body. The smell transported her to those few seconds in the back of the flower shop when she buried her face in Luce's hair, giggling. Rachel allowed herself to smile briefly before turning to face the stream of water. She let it beat on her face in an attempt to stop her mind from progressing to the next moment, the one that followed the giggling. The moment that tore at her soul. The shampoo stung Rachel's eyes, and she made no attempt to wash it away. It was wonderfully distracting. Rachel looked in the mirror before leaving the bathroom. The teal long sleeve shirt and grey lounge pants fit her just right. She ran her fingers over the waistband of the pants. Even Luce's pajamas had a low rise. We're just about the same size, Rachel though. Practically twins, she remembered with a smile as she walked out of the bathroom. She found Luce in the kitchen, washing dishes. \"Luce, may I use your brush? If I don't brush my hair while it's still wet all hope is lost. You would not want to see me then. The curse of the curls.\" \"Wouldn't I?\" Luce asked, with half a smile, turning away from the sink to look at Rachel. She let her eyes sweep Rachel from head to toe. Seeing her in pajamas, hair wet, towel over her shoulders... something stirred inside Luce. This wasn't a dream, was it? \"Not when it dries looking like a bloody nest. Trust me,\" Rachel smirked. Luce was still laughing at the thought when she returned, brush in hand. They stayed in the kitchen together, Luce finishing up washing dishes and Rachel battling wet tangles. Rachel broke the silence first. \"Aren't you tired? The dishes won't go anywhere if you don't tend to them right away.\" \"That's exactly the problem. I like the kitchen to stay clean. I don't mind; I use this time to think.\" \"What are you thinking about now, then?\" Rachel asked. Luce turned around and let out a breath with a hint of a laugh. \"You go on ahead to bed yourself, Love.\" \"I- I know you said you'd sleep on the sofa but I don't want you to, Luce. I'm not... I want us to take our time, you know? But one of us can't possibly sleep on the sofa until things settle down. Would be ridiculous. I... you...\" Rachel looked up to see Luce leaning back against the counter, arms folded. Smiling that way again, her bottom lip sticking out slightly more than the top. \"Alright,\" she said, putting a finger over Rachel's lips. \"Off with you now,\" Luce said as she guided Rachel in the direction of the bedroom. \"Sweet dreams.\" Rachel settled in under the blankets. She ran her hands down the shirt she was wearing. Feeling Luce's clothes against herself made her shiver. In the silence, her mind turned to Hec. Was he at their flat right now? Was he out with his friends? He'd be sleeping without her for the first time in years. Rachel rubbed her eyes and turned her thoughts to something emotionally bland, as Luce called it. She surveyed her surroundings. There was a comforter, a quilt and a sheet layered one over the other. All the covers, sheets and pillows were in tones of beige and burgundy. What a surprise, Rachel smiled inwardly. Layers. She stretched, tucked her arms behind her head, and looked around the room that belonged to the person she loved. Rachel took in every tiny detail. The bedroom was more sparsely decorated than the rest of the house. There was just one dresser. Its surface was clear except two bottles of perfume and a jewelry box. One armoire and one chair. On the wall were just two framed paintings and a decorative design around the perimeter, right beneath the ceiling. Three windows covered in lace drapes took up one entire wall. The room was open and airy with lots of floor space. Luce tiptoed into the room and closed the door without a sound as not to wake Rachel. But Rachel wasn't asleep. She watched Luce through her eyelashes. In the dim light of the bedside lamp, Rachel saw Luce as she never had before. Her auburn hair was still a bit damp. The few locks that have dried have already sprung up into a bit of a wave, giving Luce a tousled look. Her face was bare of makeup. She had never worn much of it, but this is the first time Rachel saw her without any makeup at all. And she wasn't in layers. Her sleep clothes were similar to the ones she lent Rachel. Long sleeve cotton shirt, comfortable lounge pants. Luce slid into bed beside Rachel. Propping herself up on her elbow, she reached over to turn off the bedside lamp. Rachel's breath caught in her throat as Luce's arm passed over her. Feeling her so close, practically above her... Rachel could not breathe. This is ridiculous, she thought, biting her lips. I have kissed her, hugged her, touched her. And now her just being near me makes me feel worse than I did at H's school presentation. \"You alright, Rach?\" Luce asked, noticing the look on her face. Rachel swallowed and nodded. \"Okay then, just make sure you get enough oxygen. I swear you look worse than you did at H's school presentation.\" Luce winked and turned off the lamp. Those words made Rachel let out her breath in a surprised laugh. She turned to Luce in the dark. \"You're perfect for me, Luce. You're just so perfect. Did I ever tell you that I love you?\" Their hands found each other and their fingers intertwined. \"No. Not in so many words. I love you too, Rachel.\" \"You dare?\" Rachel replied with a hint of a smile in her voice. They lay together quietly for a few minutes. \"It was my birthday,\" Rachel volunteered. \"Was it? Today?\" They laughed again at the absurdity of the conversation. \"Well, if we're going to follow the script, you can just skip to the part where you almost kiss me good night,\" Rachel winked. \"No more almosts,\" Luce replied and kissed her gently on the cheek. \"Good night, my love.\" Author's Note: Chapter 2 is in the works and will be posted if there is interest. (The next day, when Rachel confronts Hec.)[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 Author's Note: Thank you to the people who reviewed the first chapter and signed up to receive updates! Reviews and constructive criticism are always appreciated. :) Before Rachel even opened her eyes, she could tell it was morning. It took her a bit to realize where she was- and with whom. She opened one eye and glanced at her watch. Just after 6 am. Significantly earlier than her usual rising time, especially for a Sunday. Especially on a day she was supposed to be having an extremely difficult conversation with her best friend, whom she hurt so much. To whom she was still married. Bollocks. She snapped her eye shut and tried to go back to sleep. She wiggled a bit to get comfortable again, which instead made both her eyes pop wide open. She became aware that Luce was still sleeping, and she was pressed against Rachel's back, her hand resting on Rachel's hip. Thanks to Luce's affinity to low rise pants, Rachel's hip was partially bare; the only part of her entire ensemble where a little skin was exposed. Rachel had always liked this style on Luce. At this moment she liked it even better on herself. A few minutes later, Luce stirred, pulling her hand away. Rachel reacted with a mix of disappointment and relief. But mostly relief. No, mostly disappointment. About even, Rachel concluded. Luce was awake now. She got out of bed and left the room, which helped Rachel decide that \"disappointment\" definitely won out over \"relief.\" Luce washed her face, brushed her teeth, and pulled off her sleep shirt. She had brought a bra and camisole with her to the bathroom, but not the rest of her clothes. The bedroom was too dark for her to pick out her clothes, and she didn't want to wake Rachel by opening the curtains. This would do for now. She headed to the kitchen to start the breakfast preparation. What a nutty twenty four hours it's been, she shook her head. Yesterday at this time I was finishing up packing to leave the country and put a distance between me and the girl who couldn't \"do it\" and this morning I wake up with her in my bed. Luce put up the coffee to brew and placed a few slices of bread on a plate to make toast with later. The sun was higher in the sky by now and Luce figured she'd be able to look through her closet without waking Rachel. She returned to the bedroom and made her way to the wardrobe. Luce glanced over at the bed where Rachel lay. Her eyes were still closed and she seemed to be sleeping. Luce stood there for a minute, just looking. Oh, how she loved this girl. She looked so serene and delicate that it made Luce smile. Rachel grinned right back at her. \"Oh, you!\" Luce accused. \"You weren't sleeping.\" \"I didn't say I was,\" Rachel teased. \"I was enjoying watching you without you knowing. Just like you were enjoying watching me without me knowing.\" \"Fair enough.\" Luce turned toward her wardrobe quickly so that Rachel wouldn't see her blush. But Rachel had noticed and felt heat in her own cheeks- and elsewhere- at the thought that she could affect Luce in that way. She got out of bed, still smiling, and left the room. The two women met up again in the kitchen. They were enjoying hot coffee, buttered toast, and each other's company. Rachel glanced at the clock. Hec was usually up by 9 am on Sundays, which meant she had about an hour before she had to pull herself together. \"Do you go in to the flower shop on Sundays?\" Rachel asked. \"Usually yes, but my mother is doing it today. She was supposed to take me over for several weeks, but I imagine I'll go back tomorrow. \"Damn,\" Luce muttered after a pause. \"What's the matter?\" \"It's nothing. I just left the delivery van to my mother, so I'm stuck without it. I was going to drive you to your house, but now...\" \"I can walk. Not a problem.\" \"Rach, it's at least a 20 minute walk, and it's freezing outside. Here's an idea. How about we walk to the shop, I'll get the van and drive you the rest of the way. What do you say to that?\" Noticing Rachel's knit eyebrows and faraway look, Luce took her by the shoulders and said, \"Look at me, Rachel. I'm not telling you this will be easy. It will not. But I know you, and I know Hec. And Hec is the most noble, understanding and upright man I have ever met. He will not refuse to speak to you as you said last night. And knowing you, you will not take the easy way out. Tell him what you told me. He understands.\" Rachel pulled away and walked to the living room. She fingered the mobile phone in her pocket for a minute, took a deep breath, and dialed Hec's number. Luce stayed in the kitchen and cleaned up. She rinsed the dishes solely for the reason of running some water; the noise would give Rachel some privacy while she spoke to Hec. Just as Luce finished washing the last cup and wondering what else she could wash just to keep the water on longer, Rachel walked into the kitchen. \"So?\" \"So we should go now. Hec's only going to be home till noon. Then he's taking H and her friend to the museum,\" Rachel informed Luce and watched emotions play over her face. \"This is exactly what I mean, Rachel. What other man would be considerate of his little sister-in-law's feelings when he himself is going through a hard time? Hec is a gem of a man. It will all be good.\" The pair walked to Flowered Up in silence. Ella hadn't arrived yet. Rachel looked on in surprise as Luce unlocked the shop; she had expected to go straight to the van. \"C'mon in for a minute.\" Rachel followed Luce into the store, but when Luce continued on to the back room, Rachel paused at the doorway. The sight of this room made her blush and she silently thanked the wind for having whipped color into her cheeks already so her reaction wasn't obvious. She watched in slight confusion as Luce pulled several lush blooms from a bucket. \"You'll bring this to Hec,\" Luce offered as a way of explanation. \"They're hydrangeas. My mother just received a new shipment of them yesterday. That's why they're back here.\" When Rachel didn't look any less perplexed, Luce rummaged through a box on a shelf and pulled out a small pamphlet. She flipped through it and handed it to Rachel. \" A bouquet of hydrangeas expresses the giver's gratefulness for the recipient's understanding, \" Rachel read. \"More specifically,\" Luce clarified, removing the pamphlet from Rachel's hand, \"they are given when a relationship ends, to show that it is ending on good terms and there are no negative feelings.\" After Luce locked up the shop, the two made their way to the van, Rachel carrying a bouquet of green, lavender and blue hydrangeas. \"Let me off on the corner, alright? I want a minute to compose myself,\" Rachel requested when they were nearing her flat. Luce pulled the car up to the curb, took Rachel's free hand in both of her own, and gave an encouraging squeeze. Their eyes locked and they gave each other a nod. Without another word, Rachel was out of the car and Luce was driving away. She took slow, measured steps, anxiety rising as she approached her own flat. Rachel entered the gate and stood in front of the door, gulping as much cold air as she could before she rang the bell. Stupid of me, I still live here. I could have used my key. Nah, the bell's better. Give the poor guy a warning. Calm down, Rachel. It's just Hec. Breathe. Hec opened the door. \"Hey.\" \"Hey.\" If it would be possible to die of awkwardness, Rachel thought she'd set the record for being the first one. But as soon as she took off her coat, put the bouquet of hydrangeas on the counter and sat down on the sofa, things started to feel a little more normal. \"Hec, I have things to say. Come sit by me. Please hear me out. I know I probably don't deserve your time or your understanding...\" \"Rach. Pull yourself together. I'm listening. I want to listen to you.\" Rachel met Hec's eyes and let out a relieved noise, somewhat like a laugh. He was the same Hec as always. Her best friend. \"If I could only say one thing to you Hec, it's this: I have never- not once since I was with you- touched another person. Not Luce, not anyone else. Not last night, not since our wedding, and not once since we started going out.\" Rachel looked up from her lap to see the look of relief on Hec's face. \"Don't look relieved!\" She hollered, jumping up from the sofa. \"Did you think I ever did anything behind your back? Ooooh, I feel like slapping you for thinking anything of that sort about me.\" She threw herself back down and took a few calming breaths. \"In light of what is happening now, do you think I really am that wrong in thinking... I don't even know what! God knows I've tried not to think all that much the last two days in order to preserve my sanity.\" Seriously, Hec, you and me both . \"Hec, the only thing I did- ever - was kiss Luce. And I told you about it that same night. How can I purposely do anything to hurt you? You're my best friend.\" Instinctively, Hec brought his hand up to Rachel's face to wipe away a lone tear, but his hand was intercepted by Rachel's own. \"No, Hec. Don't comfort me. I don't deserve your touch.\" Yet she did not let go of Hec's hand. \"I never did deserve a wonderful friend like you. I love you, Hec. But I never realized that you love me back in a very different way. You need more than a friend. You need someone who can return the same type of love that you offered me. \"We've known each other since before we knew the depths that love can reach. I loved you, and you loved me back. But then we got older. And you started to love me... differently. And I thought my feelings mirrored yours.\" Hec listened with a faraway look in his eyes. He always did have a nagging feeling that he was in love with Rachel just a drop more than she was in love with him. Rachel felt his pain, but she knew she had to see this conversation through to the end. It may hurt, but she felt as if she had stabbed him already, and now she needed to remove the dagger. Painful as it may be to do so, it was the only way either of them would heal. \"When I met Luce,\" Rachel continued, \"I finally understood what you felt for me. And it broke my heart that I couldn't return the feeling.\" Rachel had been looking down at their clasped hands the entire time. She looked up with a sad smile. Hec couldn't bear to see her this way. He pulled her into a hug, and Rachel didn't resist his gesture this time. \"I'm sorry, Hec. I should have let you go a long time ago. I'm just not as brave as you are. I kept you for myself and prevented you from finding your soul mate.\" Rachel pulled away from Hec's embrace, not feeling herself worthy of affection at the moment. \"Wow,\" Hec spoke up for the first time in a while. \"Wow.\" \"Yeah,\" Rachel offered meekly, \"I thought about you all of last night. I was too much of a coward to call you. I couldn't bear it if you would refuse to speak to me.\" \"I think we both needed some time to ourselves,\" Hec agreed. \"I won't pretend yesterday wasn't hell. Because it was. I'm glad we took some time to think before seeing each other again.\" \"Me, too.\" \"I went out with Coop for some drinks. Convinced him not to do anything that might land him in jail.\" They both chuckled at their friend who was able to provide comic relief without even being present. \"There is one thing I lied about, though,\" Rachel admitted. But the impish look in her eye belied her words. \"And what may that be?\" Hec asked curiously, noting her smile. \"I told you that when you leave your job, I'll be waiting for you with champagne.\" Rachel strolled over to the liquor cabinet and pulled out a bottle. Hec watched her with a smile lighting up his eyes and then took down two glasses. \"To my best friend,\" Rachel said, as they clinked their glasses, \"who is the most caring person I have ever met.\" \"And to you, my dear,\" Hec countered, \"who isn't afraid to do the right thing.\" They sipped the champagne. \"I was, though,\" Rachel said. \"Was what?\" \"Afraid to do the right thing. I wanted to keep you all for me.\" \"But you did the right thing, anyway,\" Hec pointed out. \"Not without your help,\" Rachel smiled up at him. They sat together in silence for a few minutes, until Rachel couldn't contain her curiosity any longer. \"So aren't you going to tell me? How you left your job? Your exit speech? You were practicing it forever! What'd you end up saying?\" \"Oh,\" Hec chuckled, \"that. Well, I told them that I don't want to lie anymore. Simple as that.\" He brushed his hands off against each other. \"Gathered my things, and walked out. Never seen Rob look so shocked before. Hope I shocked him into somewhat more moral behaviour.\" \"Doubt it,\" Rachel and Hec said simultaneously. \"So what are your plans now, Hec? What are you going to do?\" \"Well, once I'm done sulking,\" at which point Rachel rested her forehead in her palm and briefly looked away, \"I plan to finally start traveling around the world and write my book. I have no excuses now,\" he grinned. \"Oh, that's brilliant, Hec! I'm really happy for you. You deserve it.\" They talked a little more about the flat and the furniture. They would have to put up the flat for sale. Hec didn't need something this big for himself, and going on travels each month for research for his book, he wouldn't be staying at home for more than a week or two at a time anyway. Cooper had offered to keep some of Hec's belongings at his house, and he had a spare room where Hec could stay between trips. There were many more technicalities to discuss, but they would have to wait. \"Ooooh, I really gotta run now, Rach,\" Hec said, glancing up at the clock. \"I'm picking up your sister and her friend at your parents' house in just a few minutes. We'll talk.\" Hec grabbed his keys and wallet, threw on a jacket and headed for the door. Left alone, Rachel wondered where to begin. Her decision was made by a low battery alert that came from her mobile phone. She plugged it in to charge on the kitchen counter, near the bouquet that hasn't been given the proper attention in the heat of the moment. Rachel decided to rectify the situation by arranging the blooms in a large crystal vase and placing them in a prominent spot in the living room. She pulled out a pretty stationery note and wrote down the meaning of the flowers and what it means to her and to Hec personally. He really has been so unbelievably understanding. Rachel pulled out a suitcase from the storage closet. Before packing all her clothes, she picked out an outfit to change into. She was wearing yesterday's clothes and needed something fresh. It's not a date, Rachel, she told herself as she continued to dismiss shirt after shirt. In the end she chose a black cardigan, a light pink, sleeveless shirt with a v-neck, a black pleated skirt that hit mid-knee and black tights. It was hard for her to wrap her mind around the fact that they'd need to find what to do with all the furniture and belongings in the flat before selling it. To keep from getting overwhelmed, she forced herself to focus on one thing at a time. This time she will pack her clothes and toiletries. Next time she would take care of her photo albums, books and other things. Rachel threw in a load of laundry to wash and rang Luce to come pick her up. \"You don't look traumatized,\" Luce greeted Rachel when she opened the door. \"I'm guessing everything went well?\" \"Oh, yes. It's a huge load off my chest. That conversation is exactly what I needed. Things aren't all roses, and they won't settle down for another while, but I think today was an excellent start to the whole sorting-out process. You were right. Hec may just be the best kind of man.\" Rachel threw together some lunch and they ate, talked and relaxed while waiting for the laundry to finish drying so Rachel could pack it. That afternoon when they returned to Luce's flat, they were both in a much better mood than the day before. They worked together, making room in the closets for Rachel's clothes and settling everything in neatly. It took them much longer than it should have due to excessive kissing breaks, but they were in no rush. For Luce and Rachel, that afternoon was made for nothing but each other. They sat back to back on the bed. Rachel was folding her clothes into neat piles and Luce was sorting through some of her own things, pulling out pieces she never really wore in order to make more place for Rachel's things. \"Oh, God,\" Rachel muttered and leaned her back against the other woman's. \"Hmm?\" Luce replied, turning her head slightly to look at Rachel. \"I go back to work tomorrow.\" \"It never seemed to me that you hate it that much,\" Luce snickered. \"I don't hate it. I- I just don't even know if my coworkers know anything about anything that happened. They probably don't. How would they? It's going to be so damn weird.\" \"Well,\" Luce turned her whole body so she could hug Rachel from the back, \"why don't you take your friends out to lunch and tell them.\" Luce gently laid Rachel down onto the bed so that now she was kneeling near her, which made Rachel giggle. \"You'll be out in public and hopefully they'll be reluctant to make a scene.\" \"You make it sound so simple,\" Rachel said through her laughter, which stopped abruptly when Luce threw one knee over to the other side of Rachel's waist. In her previous relationships, Luce was often the dominant one. She just had that sort of personality and it was kind of expected that she'd take matters into her own hands and lead the way. With Rachel, though, she didn't have such an option. Until yesterday, every time she was around the girl she loved, she had to keep her distance. Act friendly, but nothing more. Whenever Rachel had made any subtle move at her, Luce had felt it was her moral obligation to steer the atmosphere back to safer ground. Sometimes she didn't, though, and allowed herself the luxury of getting played into Rachel's moves. Even now that they were together, they were taking it slowly. Rachel's life was in turmoil and the last thing Luce wanted to do was make her feel uncomfortable or to add to her emotional upheaval. So she continued to let Rachel set the pace. And she realized that she liked it. She liked the anticipation, the feeling of being wanted, of being needed. And right now, she wanted Rachel to feel it. Luce wiggled her way down from Rachel's waist until she was straddling her thighs. She kept her eyes on Rachel's face so she could see her reaction and make sure she's not getting ahead of herself. So far, Luce was pleased to see, Rachel was wearing an amused smile. So she pushed her luck further and placed her hands on the bed, one on either side of Rachel's shoulders so that their torsos weren't quite touching, but close enough- for now. Luce held her face inches above Rachel's, her hair creating a curtain, separating them from the rest of the world. \"Why, you just say to them,\" Luce continued the conversation in a low voice, between slow, heavy breaths, \"I met a girl. And I fell in love with her the second our eyes met. She is my soul mate. And I want to spend the rest of my life with her.\" Straightening her arms to push herself away a bit and changing her tone to a lighter one, she added, \"And then you'll add: of course my husband supports this decision and everyone involved agrees this is the right choice.\" Then just as Rachel opened her mouth to say something, Luce swiftly closed the gap between their bodies and pressed her own mouth to Rachel's. After a full minute they broke away, barely able to catch their breath. When Rachel was able to perceive anything beyond her intense love for Luce stirring inside her, she became aware of the fact that her skirt had hiked up. The feel of rough jeans moving against her thighs through the sheer fabric of her tights made Rachel gasp and squirm. She accidentally kicked a pile of clothes off the bed. \"Hey!\" Rachel called out, sitting up. She swung her legs over the edge of the bed, causing Luce to stand up the floor. Rachel quickly wrapped her legs behind Luce's knees to keep her from escaping. \"Look at what you made me do,\" she said, indicating the mess of clothes on the floor. \"For this you will pay.\" Rachel lowered the herself and Luce down to the floor, pinned Luce's hands down, and sat on her legs. Rachel laughed, and pressed her body against Luce's. She stayed that way and did nothing, enjoying the feel their hearts beating in rhythm and wondering if right now Luce was feeling the same heat in all the same places as she herself was feeling. Losing herself in the moment, Rachel had loosened her grip on Luce's wrists, and of course Luce had to take advantage of it. She brought her hands up to Rachel's back and ever so slowly she slid them under her shirt. She inched them higher and higher so slowly that Rachel didn't realize how far Luce had actually gone until she felt a finger under her bra hooks. Luce giggled uncontrollably when Rachel started and rolled right off her. She knew she went too far by pretending to unhook Rachel's bra; she wouldn't have actually done it. It was understood between them that a step like that would be Rachel's call to make. But glancing over at Rachel shaking with laughter on the floor beside her, all Luce said was, \"Who's the one who paid, then?\" \"You may have won the battle, darling. But you will lose the war,\" Rachel informed her. \"God, I hope so!\" was Luce's reply. Stay tuned for Chapter 3...[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 Rachel prepared for a long day ahead. Her first day back at work after... everything happened. \"Alright,\" said Rachel, taking a deep breath. She was at the door, ready to go. Luce walked over to see her off. Since early morning isn't prime flower shopping time, Luce didn't open her shop until 10 am. Which is why she was still only half dressed by the time Rachel was leaving at 8 am. She had changed her top but was still wearing plaid flannel pajama bottoms. \"I won't be back home ,\" Rachel smiled as she stressed the word, \"until late. I'm going straight after work to meet with Hec and start the proceedings for the sale of the flat.\" \"Have a great day, Love. The evening can't come early enough.\" Rachel leaned in for a kiss, which Luce redirected to a peck on the cheek. Noticing Rachel's questioning look, Luce explained, \"Your lipstick is still fresh, I don't want to mess it up.\" Before she had even finished her sentence, Luce found herself pressed against the wall, Rachel's lips on hers. Rachel didn't pull away until a good ten seconds later. \"That color lipstick becomes you. Borrow it sometime,\" she smirked and then she was out the door. She was still smiling to herself halfway to the Tube when she pulled out a tissue and wiped around her lips to remove any smudged lipstick. Rachel arrived at her workplace and slipped into the bathroom. She reapplied her lipstick, smiling at the image she held of Luce in her mind, the look on her face at the unexpected passionate kiss. As she straightened out her hair and clothes after the commute, she desperately tried to think of any way that her friends may have found out that something unusual had gone on. Beth sometimes called Rachel on weekends. What if she called and Hec picked up? He wouldn't have said anything besides that I'm not home. What if she called my parents? No, why would she? Zina emails sometimes, but almost never calls. What if they bumped into my parents? Or what if they saw Hec out with H and her friend? Eventually Rachel came out of the bathroom. No use in speculating or hyperventilating. \"Good morning,\" Zina said in a sing-song voice. Was she hinting at something? Or did she always use that tone of voice when greeting her in the morning? \"Hey,\" was Rachel's curt response. She turned her computer on and immersed herself in her work, trying to look too busy for chatting. She could just imagine her friends' reactions when they'd find out she left her husband of two months for a woman. Luce was right. She should just avoid all contact with people until lunch, take her friends out to eat and hope they'll keep their reactions outwardly tame in public. \"What's going on?\" Beth whispered as she passed Rachel's desk about an hour later. \"How much do you know?\" Rachel asked, whirling around in her chair. \"Know what? About what? What's going on Rach?\" \"Uh, why do you think something's going on?\" \"Oh, no reason. Except that you look like you're ready to make a run for it every time someone addresses you. Everything alright?\" Rachel pushed away her keyboard rested her forehead on the desk. \"Come out to the corner cafe with me for lunch. You and Zina,\" she murmured. \"Okay, pal. But is everything alright? Anything I can help with now?\" Still resting her forehead on the desk, Rachel shook her head. \"No, no. Everything's perfect. Absolutely perfect. Never better.\" She didn't sound sarcastic, but with her voice aimed at her lap, Beth couldn't discern Rachel's tone very well. \"Okay, hun. Talk to you soon.\" Beth patted Rachel's back and walked off to Zina, who was watching from the other side of the room with a questioning look in her eyes. Beth responded with a confused shrug of her own. Luce was balancing some numbers and sorting out invoices at her shop, wondering how Rachel was faring at work. Many of Rachel's coworkers had gone to the wedding, and her two best friends had been her bridesmaids. The news of her latest changes in life would put Rachel in the spotlight for a while, something Luce knew she dreaded. She thought about how she herself didn't need to explain her life to that many people. No one really knew anything that happened in the past few weeks besides Edie. Luce had no coworkers, and even if she did, there's nothing much to explain when you simply haven't had anyone in your life and now you did. She had spoken to Edie almost every day lately. She and Luce were so different- totally opposite personalities. Which is the reason they were such great friends and also the reason they were never anything more than that. Not that Edie didn't try. They both knew they weren't made for each other, but Edie wasn't opposed to some harmless fun. Luce didn't see it as harmless, though. She valued their friendship too much. So most of the time they got along like any two good friends. They talked, they went out together, they annoyed each other. Sometimes Edie flirted with Luce when she wanted to be especially annoying, but they both knew that Edie had her lineup of girls (which Luce disapproved of) while Luce was taking a break from such drama for a while (which Edie disapproved of). Ever since the time Edie and Luce ran into Rachel and Hec at the supermarket, Edie had been a confidante to Luce about all Rachel-related issues. She hadn't been particularly sensitive to the fact that there was a husband in the picture, but that was her style. How she smirked when Luce informed her that she and Rachel had made a mutual decision not to see each other anymore. \"Like you have a say in the matter,\" she had said as they walked side by side. \"What do you mean? We...\" \"All I mean is the heart wants what the heart wants. Pretty haughty of you to think you can just end it and go on with your life. Or that she could just go on with hers.\" \"Whatever happened to 'she's not just heterosexual, she's...'\" \"Okay!\" Edie had interrupted. \"I misjudged her. I'm allowed a mistake once in a while. No need to rub it in.\" \"Once in a while? Heh. Darling, when was the last time you read a person correctly?\" \"You're just trying to get the attention off yourself and onto me. All I'm saying is the heart wants what the heart wants.\" By then they had reached Edie's house and she ran up her steps without another word. That was the last conversation Luce had with Edie, aside from the email Luce sent telling Edie about her planned trip out of country for an undetermined amount of time. She decided to call her up in between customers and fill her in on all the goings on of the last few days. This is when her mind turned to Rachel and how she was managing with her own announcement. Rachel, Beth and Zina were sitting at a small table in the cafe with some drinks. Nobody said anything for a good few minutes. The silence was beginning to get very uncomfortable when Rachel spoke up. \"I'm not with Hec anymore.\" \"Oh, Rachel...\" \"Sweetie, what happened?\" \"No, guys, it's okay, seriously,\" Rachel said. \"It was a mutual decision.\" \"You two were always so close. I can't believe what I'm hearing,\" Zina shook her head. Then you really won't believe what you're about to hear next, Rachel mused. \"There really are no suitable men in the world, are there?\" Beth lamented. \"Zina, Beth, listen to me. Please don't freak out. Hec's still great. We still are close. Hec and I aren't together because we realized we're great friends... but nothing more.\" Rachel's friends exchanged a glance, not knowing what to say next. Rachel had paused only to cover her face with her hands before continuing, \"I know this because... I know this because I fell in love with someone else and realized that I had never fallen in love with anyone before. Oh, and another thing you may want to know is that this person is a woman.\" Rachel said all this in one breath and so quickly, that her friends weren't sure if they hadn't misheard. She spread her fingers a little so she could peek out from behind them. What she saw is Zina and Beth staring at her, eyes and mouths wide open. Rachel nodded and dropped her hands into her lap. She watched her friends as understanding began do dawn in Zina's expression. She formed her mouth into an \"o\" and kept it that way for a bit before saying, \"So those questions... they weren't theoretical, were they. Oh, God.\" \"I never would have imagined that you're... you're a...\" \"I'm not!\" Rachel interrupted Beth. \"I never felt like this towards a woman before. Hell, I never felt like this towards a man before! I've never been in love until now. What kind of label can you slap onto that?\" \"Down to business now. Do we know her?\" Zina queried. \"You might. She's the florist who did the flowers at my wedding. Her name's Luce.\" As jittery as Rachel had felt before, a genuine smile lit up her face as she mentioned her lover's name. It was time to get back to the office, and the three friends payed for their drinks, not realizing they hadn't even ordered anything to eat. Rachel asked her friends not to specifically say anything to their other coworkers, but if someone mentions Hec for any reason, they can explain what happened. Back at her computer, Rachel shot an email off to Luce. Luce was in the back room of her shop, entering the expense of the latest flower shipment into a money management program on her laptop. She had just finished and was about to shut the laptop down when she noticed a little banner flash in the corner of the screen. An email. Since there were no customers, she decided to check it quickly. Hey you! I did it. Neither of my friends had a panic attack, but I may have come close. Heh heh. I miss you like you wouldn't believe. I have a lot more to say, but nothing that's appropriate for a work email. *wink* A smile spread across Luce's face as she composed a reply: Great going, Rach! You're absolutely awesome. And that's as much as I will let myself say in a work email as well. See you soon, my love. Rachel arrived at her old flat and threw down her briefcase. \"Hec?\" she called. Seeing that he wasn't home, she busied herself around the kitchen while she waited. She pulled out a frozen dinner to heat up for the two of them, and upon passing the sink she noticed that Hec didn't share Luce's philosophy of washing the dishes right after eating. Or loading the dishwasher, as it may be in this case. She quickly rinsed the food off the dishes and pots and loaded them in herself. The rest of the place looked pretty good for a guy living by himself for a few days. She was tempted to pick up some stray socks, but then she realized that she has no business cleaning up after Hec anymore. It didn't feel right. Even upon entering the bedroom to gather some more of her belongings, she felt as if she was intruding Hec's personal space. She heard the key in the door and walked down the hall to greet Hec. \"Something smells good,\" Hec commented. \"Oh, yeah. It's nothing. I didn't feel right doing any actual cooking with your groceries without you here, so I just reheated a frozen dinner.\" Hec glanced at the humming dishwasher and although he didn't say anything, Rachel almost regretted loading it up. Hec was a grown man and living on his own. To come to his house and start cooking and cleaning for him was insulting. Soon, Rachel thought, soon everything will fall into place and Hec and I will find the happy medium of our friendship. It won't always be this clumsy between us. After they ate, Hec pulled out a stack of papers from his briefcase. \"I'd gone to see the real estate agent. She just needs your signature in a few spots and the flat will go up for sale as soon as I return these papers.\" Rachel noticed several packed boxes stacked against the living room wall. \"You're moving some things over to Cooper's place so soon? The flat won't sell that fast, I don't think.\" \"I have a flight booked for Friday, Rach. I'm finally fulfilling my dream! I'll be gone for three weeks. Until then, we must move at least my stuff out and sell or donate the things neither of us are taking. Like this if the sale closes before I come back, you won't have my things to deal with.\" \"Y-you're going? Already?\" \"What should I be waiting for, Rachel? Staying here by myself is depressing. I've put this off for too long.\" \"Don't you think that we should take care of the, uh, of the... divorce?\" Rachel hesitated saying that word. It sounded so cold and hostile. They weren't getting a divorce . They were changing their status from being married to being pals. It was all legalities anyway. These two months that they spent as husband and wife was the most distant they had ever been from each other. A document is all they needed. A document, not that vile word- divorce . \"I had actually gone to a lawyer today as well,\" Hec said. \"Go on,\" Rachel encouraged after a pause, confused by the apologetic look in Hec's eyes. \"It seems that we cannot file for divorce until we have been married a year.\" The silence hung between them heavily as Rachel considered the implications. She felt that she should wait for the divorce to finalize before taking the next step with Luce, but a year? Hec caught on to her train of thought. \"It's just a piece of paper is all it is. What matters is us . What we feel. What we decide. I'm ready to let go and be your friend, Rachel. Are you ready to let me go?\" Rachel nodded and stood up. The tension of everything was weighing down on her too heavily and she needed to let it drop. \"Excuse me for a bit, Hec,\" she managed to whisper as she ran towards the bathroom, tears stinging her eyes. Her love for Hec and her completely different sort of love for Luce, the pressure of announcing her enormous life changes to her friends at work, bureaucracy and red tape, confusing paperwork and having to be responsible for the sale of the flat in Hec's absence all came crashing down as Rachel sat on the edge of the bathtub and cried silently into her hands. Author's Note : This chapter is slightly shorter than the others were, but Rachel has dealt with a lot on this day and I thought I'd give her a break before she returns to Luce that evening. :) There will be a fourth and last chapter coming soon. I have many ideas, but I am planning to write my own original story as well on fictionpress so I don't want to use up all my ideas here. :D[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 Rachel returned to her new home emotionally drained. Hec drove her, helped her bring up her boxes and then left. Luce could tell that Rachel had been crying and greeted her wordlessly with a long, warm hug. \"Should I make you some tea, Rachel?\" \"Yeah, why not,\" Rachel sighed. Luce entered the room with a cup of hot tea to find Rachel opening some of the boxes she had just brought. \"Thank you, honey,\" Rachel said as she took the cup and sank down into the sofa. She remained silent, and although Luce was anxious to find out about Rachel's day, all she asked was, \"Can I help you unpack?\" She saw Rachel nod and began to pile the contents of one box onto the table. As Luce lifted out a photo album, Rachel said, \"Bring this one over and come sit.\" Luce complied and sat on the sofa with Rachel, album in hand. It was decorated in a childish way. The cover was wrapped in polka-dotted fabric and trimmed in lace. Across the center there was written \"Rachel H.\" in slightly smudged, puffy fabric paint. The handwriting was a neat script that looked like it was meticulously done by an eleven year old. Luce looked up from the link to Rachel's childhood that she held in her lap and met Rachel's gaze. She loved the feeling of learning more about the woman she loved so much. \"May I open it?\" she asked as she moved closer to Rachel. Rachel reached over wordlessly and opened the album for her. Luce looked down at a curly-haired little girl with a smile. She was a cute kid. \"How old are you here?\" \"About nine, I think. H's age.\" Luce continued to flip pages, enjoying a look into Rachel's past. Little Rachel in a school play, one of her hanging up-side-down on monkey bars, laughing, the ends of her curls brushing the ground. There were pictures of Rachel with her parents during holidays. They looked so young and happy. Luce flipped the pages of Rachel's childhood, up until her early teens. \"Awww,\" she commented as she turned the page to find a newborn Henrietta. \"You look so happy holding her.\" \"Yeah, I was. I had wanted a sibling for so long. H and I have been great friends since the first time I held her.\" Subconsciously, they snuggled closer and closer together, so that by the time they finished looking at the album, Rachel's head was resting on Luce's shoulder and Luce had one arm around Rachel's waist. \"Thank you for sharing this part of you with me.\" Luce kissed the top of Rachel's head and they sat that way for a while longer. After a few minutes, Rachel spoke. \"Luce.\" \"Mmm?\" \"This is going to sound really strange.\" \"I have more experience with 'strange' than with 'normal.' Shoot.\" Rachel giggled. \"I don't even know how old you are.\" Luce scrunched her nose upon realizing that Rachel was correct and laughed as well. \"I just turned thirty-one.\" Rachel lifted her head from Luce's shoulder to be able to see her face. \"We were never even in primary school at the same time,\" she said with a smile. \"I'm twenty-four.\" The companionable silence returned. Rachel slid herself down to a reclining position, with her head on Luce's stomach and her legs thrown over the sofa armrest. Luce draped her hand over Rachel's shoulder, and Rachel took it, weaving their fingers together. \"Do you want to tell me about your day?\" Luce asked, smoothing Rachel's hair with her free hand. Rachel shook her head. \"I just want to enjoy being with you right now.\" She lifted their intertwined fingers and kissed the back of Luce's hand. The demands of the day had tired Rachel out. She closed her eyes and within minutes, Luce felt Rachel's body become heavier and her breath, shallower. Luce waited a few minutes for Rachel to fall into a deeper sleep before slipping out from under her, replacing herself with a sofa pillow. She knelt for a minute, watching Rachel's sleeping form before planting a kiss on her forehead and leaving the room. Rachel awoke a little disoriented. It took her several attempts before she could properly remember falling asleep on top of Luce on the sofa, but she had no recollection of making a trip to the bed, where was where she now found herself. She was also wearing night clothes, although she remembered falling asleep in her work suit. She turned to Luce who was also beginning to wake up. \"No better way to start my day,\" Luce smiled and kissed the woman next to her. \"I had wanted to give you something last night but you fell asleep.\" She rolled over to the night stand and then back to Rachel, holding out her hands, palms together. Rachel opened Luce's hands to reveal a key. It was on a ring, and at the other end of the chain there was a smooth, flat stone. It was round and pale grey in color. On either side of the stone was a painted image of a tiger lily. Rachel lifted it gently. \"The key to my heart,\" Luce said with a lopsided grin. \"Which is what it would have been, had you not had that for a good several weeks now. This is a key to my- our flat. Figured it may come in useful.\" Rachel passed the key and the key chain from hand to hand, feeling its weight. She leaned over Luce and hugged her. \"You're wonderful.\" And then, in a barely audible whisper, she added, \"I am so, so in love with you.\" And so the days passed. Things had settled down at work. Most of Rachel's coworkers knew of her newest life situation after a few days, and she was pleased to find that it really was not a big deal. Every day after work she met up with Hec at their flat so they could pack together. They had listed some of their furniture for sale and by Thursday evening, the flat looked almost empty. Rachel eyed the two overstuffed suitcases on the floor of the living room. \"So tomorrow's the big day, huh,\" she said. \"Yeah, I'm flying out 8 am,\" Hec replied, rubbing his hands together gleefully. \"I've been talking my boss's ear off about the book you are planning on writing. He seems quite interested in the idea.\" Rachel handed Hec the business card of the publishing company she worked for. \"Really?\" he asked, turning the card reverently in his hands. \"He said he was interested?\" Rachel smiled and nodded. \"I'm really going to miss you, you know. You better email me photos of your adventures.\" \"You bet. I'm going to need somebody to show off to.\" Hec and Rachel parted fondly. He helped her load some bags and boxes into the car, and after a quick hug and a peck on the cheek, Rachel drove away. She was in a great mood, which is the first thing Luce noticed when Rachel came in. She put down the book she was reading when she heard the key in the door and got up to greet Rachel, pleased to see a genuine smile on her face. \"Hey, you,\" Rachel said as Luce laid her hands on either side of her waist. \"I didn't know you wore glasses.\" She removed the rimless pair from the other woman's face and put them on her own. \"Whoa,\" she exclaimed and promptly removed them. \"It's like seeing the world through a funny house mirror.\" Luce took her glasses back. \"They're just for reading. My vision's going in my old age .\" She elbowed Rachel as she said those last two words. Luce wasn't going to let Rachel live down the look she had on her face upon discovering that Luce was seven years older than her. \"Put them back on. I want to see you in them again.\" Luce complied. Rachel took a step back to admire her, and then pulled her into a kiss. \"Mmm,\" Rachel interrupted herself. \"As sexy as you look in those glasses, they just will not do if they don't let me kiss you properly.\" It was Friday. Rachel checked herself in the restroom mirror and sighed contentedly. She made it through a whole week at work. Well, she still had a few hours left, but after that, she was going to spend an entire two days, two happy and uninterrupted days, with her beloved. Tonight she was going straight home after work for the first time. No stopping anywhere else first to take care of things. Not that everything has been taken care of. Far from it. But now there was a lull in the commotion of her life. She was excited to get home early and have an entire evening with Luce. They haven't eaten dinner together all week. \"You're chipper today,\" Zina commented. Rachel didn't hear her friend enter the restroom and started a bit at the comment. \"What? Oh, yeah. Guess I am,\" she said with a smirk. \"I'm happy to see you this way, Rachel. I really am. You've just seemed so out of it lately, you know? I'm glad you are happy now.\" \"Thanks, Zina. Yeah, it's all really good now.\" Rachel headed toward the door. \"How good?\" Zina grabbed Rachel's arm to prevent her from leaving. Rachel gave Zina a confused look. \"Is it very different?\" Zina elaborated. \"Talk, woman.\" The expression on Rachel's face went from perplexed to amused when she realized what Zina wanted to know. \"Oh,\" she chuckled. \"Well, I... I don't know.\" Zina just stood there, not knowing how to respond, which made Rachel smile. \"I don't know yet,\" Rachel repeated and slipped out of her friend's loosened grip and through the restroom door. Author's Note : I was going to make this chapter the last one, but then I decided to make it a bit shorter so I could put it up sooner. The only part left to write is their first night together, but I'm stalling a bit there. It will come soon. If anyone is interested, while waiting for Chapter 5 to be put up, you may find a story I started on fictionpress . com , under the same screen name.[Chapter 5] Author's Note: I'm so, so, so sorry for not updating sooner. The thing is, I'm not a writer. I'm really not. Some sort of creative spirit settled over me and enabled me to write the first four chapters. Then it fled, the coward, leaving me to struggle with the last chapter, hoping I could make it as good as the first four. At first I thought, no big deal. I'll glean inspiration from real life. Then I waited. And waited. And waited some more. Alas, nothing useful happened in my life (on which I could base this chapter.) *sigh* And then someone threatened to put a scorpion down my pants if I don't put up chapter 5. So I figured, it's bad enough I don't have a girlfriend, I don't need someone searching me out to drop a scorpion down my pants on top of that. But luckily for you, this story's not about me. It's about people whose lives are worth reading about. Enjoy. :) Chapter 5 Rachel arrived home before Luce did, which was a novelty for her. She skipped off to the kitchen to put up something for dinner. She wanted Luce to come home from work and be able to sit down and eat with her right away. She wanted to finally have a perfect evening. It wasn't much later that Rachel heard the key in the lock and then saw Luce enter the kitchen. The soft, pleased smile on her face validated Rachel's efforts. They spoke about how their day had been, and Luce shared several amusing stories about her customers. \"It's a good thing that they don't need to sign a privacy policy before shopping. Some of those anecdotes are too good for me to keep to myself,\" she chuckled. \"That 'last chance' flower guy will always be my favorite, though,\" Rachel said. \"I was just so... I don't know... nervous, I guess, talking to you that day, and he provided the most wonderful comic relief.\" She smiled shyly at the woman across the table, remembering how much courage it took for her to invite her for dinner that day. That seemed to have happened a lifetime ago. They finished eating, and although it was still only 8 pm, Rachel headed towards the shower. In sharp contrast to her first evening in Luce's place, when Rachel just wanted to shut off all feelings, today she used this time to think. She needed to sort out the millions of untamed thoughts running through her mind. She needed to know where exactly she was standing in her life. The apartment was listed for sale, and she even had a showing scheduled for tomorrow evening. Hec left the country that morning. She had, with much trepidation, told her news to her coworkers, and the drama of it settled down after a few days. So many hurdles have been overcome. She felt free. Uplifted. And she felt ready. Rachel stood in front of the bedroom closet in her bathrobe. Scanning the items on the hangers, she right away knew what it was she wanted to wear. There was a hooded sweater that Rachel knew Luce liked on her. It was velvet, and depending on which angle you looked at it, it was either a dusty plum or a soft grey color. Next, Rachel pulled out a slip that she usually wore under her business suit skirts. It was made of a smooth, thin, black material and its lacy hem hit right above her knees. She took off her robe, put on those two items, and twirled in front of the full length mirror. She started towards the door, but then backtracked and decided to blow dry her hair first. When her hair was mostly dry, Rachel fluffed it out around her shoulders and all but skipped down the hallway to the kitchen. She leaned in the doorway and watched Luce's back for a few minutes through half-closed eyes. Luce wore her hair tied back today. It's not often that she did so, and Rachel made a mental note to ask her to consider this style more often. It gave Rachel a more enticing view of her neck and jawline, and it held a special spot in Rachel's heart because this is how she saw Luce for the first time. Luce was washing dishes again. Predictable. And perfect. Taking a moment to compose herself, Rachel smiled and exhaled. It was time to play. She sauntered up to the counter and leaned her back against it, looking straight at Luce. Luce continued at her task, stealing glances at the curly-haired girl every so often until her silence and unwavering eye contact got to her. \"What is it?\" Luce chuckled. \"You have magnificent eyes.\" Luce shook her head and graced Rachel with a skeptical look and smirk before returning to her dish washing routine. \"You know, the good thing about dishes,\" Rachel smiled mischievously as she hoisted herself up onto the counter and perched on the edge, \"is that they are very patient.\" \"Patient,\" Luce repeated amusedly, eyeing Rachel's legs mere inches away from her own hands, outlined perfectly by silky black material that draped loosely over her thighs. Patience is something Luce had to practice a lot of recently. She wasn't sure where this whole conversation was heading, but she couldn't help but smile as she waited for Rachel to continue. \"Yes,\" replied Rachel. The word came out as a laugh. \"They wouldn't,\" she continued, \"mind terribly if you'd do them tomorrow.\" Luce couldn't help but wonder if they hadn't had a similar conversation once before. She opened her mouth to say as such, when- \"Let me rephrase that. They don't need you tonight,\" Rachel almost-whispered as she sidled up to sit at the ledge of the sink, right in front of Luce, whose eyebrows shot up with a sudden realization, \"like I need you tonight.\" Luce felt her insides melt and her heartbeat pulsate in her ears upon hearing those words. She put one hand on Rachel's lower back to prevent her from falling into the sink as she reached around her to turn off the water with the other. Feeling herself starting to lose balance, Rachel steadied herself by pressing her knees to either side of Luce's waist. The two women joined their lips in a slow and deliberate kiss. They pulled apart, and Luce placed her hands on Rachel's shoulders, hesitating for a few moments before deciding on a relatively safe gesture of sliding her hands down Rachel's arms. It has taken Rachel a long time to get to this place and Luce didn't want to overwhelm her straightaway. Their fingers met, and Rachel lifted Luce's hands back up to her own shoulders. Let's try this again, she thought, guiding the hands down a different path this time. Luce was more than happy to let Rachel show her. The two pairs of hands, one guiding, one caressing, traveled over the front of the velour hoodie. They followed the curve until the guiding hands paused at the crest of the swell, imploring the caressing hands to linger. Rachel left Luce's hands she needed to feel them and moved her own to Luce's cheeks. They merged their lips and their souls once more. Luce moved her lips from Rachel's mouth to her neck, continuing on lower. She slid her hands out from between her own body and Rachel's, causing the younger woman to whimper into the kiss. The whimper turned into a shudder when Luce paused the kisses and brushed her fingers across Rachel's collarbone. Never before did she imagine that someone running a finger over her collarbone would make her whole body tense up like that, but this wasn't \"someone;\" this was Luce. Rachel had barely regained coherent thought before losing it again when she felt Luce's fingertips span the short distance between the collarbone and the zipper pull below it. At this point, Luce lifted her eyes to Rachel's face to watch her reaction as she inched the zipper down. Rachel's eyes were closed, her lips pressed together, and her breathing heavy but rhythmic. The zipper went lower until Luce saw Rachel begin to lose her composure. Running a finger up and down the path the zipper had descended, Luce asked, \"Rach, sweetie, are you sure you are ready?\" Rachel slipped off the counter and stood facing Luce, their bodies pressed together. Several answers ran through Rachel's mind. No! I'm not! or There's only one way to find out . or Trust me, you don't want to wait till I'm sure I'm ready . But when she spoke, all that came out of her mouth was a whispered, \"To hell with sure.\" She took Luce by the hands and added, \"Sure is for people who don't love enough.\" With that, Rachel began to walk backwards ahead of Luce, leading her to the bedroom. They walked through the bedroom door, not bothering to turn on the light. The room was faintly illuminated by the light spilling in from the hallway. Luce moved her hands to Rachel's elbows, switching their roles and leading the younger woman towards the bed. She sat Rachel down, then climbed onto the bed on her knees. Rachel reached out and began to unfasten Luce's vest. Her fingers trembled and she kept fumbling with the buttons. Taking notice of this, Luce helped her finish up, and started on the blouse beneath. With Rachel wearing only one layer which was already half open, Luce had some catching up to do. Shrugging off both the vest and blouse together, Luce was left wearing a sleeveless shirt. She shifted the attention from herself back to Rachel. Feeling encouraged by the darkness around them, she found the zipper pull once again and undid the hoodie in one fluid motion. They sat facing each other, each of them lost in the other's eyes for several long seconds, not daring to touch for fear of breaking the spell. Eyes still locked, Luce reached under Rachel's hoodie, placed her palms against Rachel's bare back and lowered her down. She gazed at the girl she loved, almost in disbelief. Here they were, together. The intense feeling of affection grew within Luce, first swirling deep in her center, then growing until she could contain it no longer. Urgently, she pushed herself back to an upright position for the few moments it took her to remove her shirt. Rachel used the time to wriggle her arms out of the sleeves of her sweater and shove it off the bed. Luce placed her hands on the sheet, on either side of Rachel's shoulders and hovered over her. Rachel waited for a moment for Luce to lower herself, but quickly lost patience and wrapped her arms around her lover's back, pulling herself up. Luce was able to maintain that position, holding her own weight and Rachel's for the duration of one kiss before weakening and dropping down to the bed. The two women ended up side by side. Rachel pushed herself forward to get as close to Luce as possible, throwing one leg over both of Luce's and burying her face in her neck. She took several deep and comforting breaths, reveling in their closeness. Without looking up, she murmured, \"Luce. I have never done this before. This is so new to me.\" \"It's new to me, too,\" Luce whispered back. \"Because I have never felt like this before.\" She caressed Rachel's curls and turned her onto her back, kneeling over her. Rachel reached up and began to undo Luce's belt, and seconds later the pants joined the other clothes on the floor. Luce pulled Rachel up to a sitting position, and they were face to face. \"Neither have I felt like this before,\" Rachel murmured as she wrapped her arms around Luce and unclasped her bra. Luce took Rachel around the waist and brought her close, helping her position her legs into a comfortable position. Their lips locked and their tongues slid against each other. Electricity flowed through Rachel's body, causing her to tighten her knees around Luce's waist. Whatever was left of Rachel's anxiety melted away with Luce's caress. Being with Luce seemed like the most natural thing in the world. It was as if Rachel's whole life has been leading up to this moment, and this moment only. And it would be a memorable one for them both. She took Luce by the shoulders and pushed her back gently, climbing on top of her. Luce reached up and ran her hands down Rachel's back, back up along her sides, ran her fingers through Rachel's curls. Rachel had propped herself up on her elbows and was tracing Luce's eyebrows with her thumbs. \"This feels...\" Rachel began. \"This feels like nothing I've ever felt before.\" She moved her hands lower and caressed her lover's lips, her cheeks, her jawline. \"It feels like my soul knows your soul, Luce. Like my soul has been longing for yours. I've never felt so... complete .\" They brought their lips together once more and lost themselves in each other for the first time. Luce opened her eyes to soft morning light filtering through the lace of the curtains. It took her a moment or two to figure out why she was feeling so wonderful. Her eyes settled on the most lovely sight she could ever wish to wake up to and all the emotions from the night before flooded her once more. \"Hi,\" she murmured to Rachel, who was already awake. \"Good morning, love,\" Rachel replied, wriggling her arm out from under Luce, flexing her fingers to get the blood flowing again. \"Sorry 'bout that,\" Luce chuckled. \"Shhh!\" Rachel interrupted her. \"You better not be.\" Once the feeling came back to her fingers, Rachel made to lift herself, but Luce put a hand on her shoulder, pinning her down. She swung one knee over Rachel's leg and began to drop little kisses on her cheek, mouth, neck... Luce continued on lower and Rachel writhed under the soft touch of her lover's lips. \"Your kisses,\" Rachel whispered. \"What about my kisses?\" Luce paused long enough to ask with a one-sided smile before continuing the row of kisses where she left off. \"Uh, I... hmmm. I don't know. You're not,\" she broke off in a giggle. \"You're not letting me form... mmm... a coherent thought.\" Luce scooted back up and lay facing Rachel. She took her lover's face in her hands and said, \"What can I say? You're just going to have to get used to it.\" ","Summary":" Chapter 1 Somehow they managed to make their way to Luce's flat. Between weaving their way to the c"},{"Movie":"The Room, 2003","Title":"The Aqua Room","Author":"CalvinHobbesGatsby","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12937711","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I DON'T OWN THE ROOM OR THE DIALOGUE, ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO TOMMY WISEAU. THIS IS A TRIBUTE TO MY 4TH FAVORITE FILM. I'VE TRIED TO WORK A PLOT INTO THE FILM. As Denny watched the clock, he felt that it must surly be playing tricks on him. It was the last day of his senior year of high school and Denny needed the sweet relief that only summer could bring. No matter how much he tried, he couldn't stop himself from glancing over his shoulder at the clock hanging high on the wall in the back of the sweltering classroom. It felt like time was slowing down just to prolong his discomfort. Every second in that room felt like a minute. Denny felt like he was in purgatory. Thankfully, the misery was soon to come to an end and he wanted nothing more than to get of the godforsaken class. Finally, the bell rang and every dashed out of there like a bat out of Hell. \"FREEDOMMMM!\" Denny shouted as he walked up the street away from school, it was about a half mile walk from his apartment to Norton High School, but Denny didn't mind walking. When you live in a beautiful city like San Francisco, you learn to appreciate the scenery. He finally arrived at his brother's place. Denny lived with his half brother Johnny Benoit. Denny's parents had divorced after Mr. Agnew had found his wife rolling in the hay with Johnny's father on a vacation to France that was supposed to have helped them reconcile their marriage. They divorced after they returned to the states, but managed to reconcile 11 years later when they had Denny. However, they ended up in trouble again and eventually killed each other in a drunken argument. Denny had bounce from foster home to foster home until Johnny learned that he had a half brother and opted to become his legal guardian. Johnny had a job at the local bank that paid well and he'd put Denny through high school. Denny had always thought of Johnny as his real father. While Denny had been suffering at school, Johnny's fiancée: Lisa Calhoun had been waiting for Johnny to come home from work. Finally, at around 3, Johnny walked in the door with a big box under his arm. \"Hi babe!\" Johnny said in his European accent as he closed the door. \"I have something for you.\" \"What is it?\" Lisa asked as she got up off the couch. \"Just a little something.\" Johnny said as he playfully hid the package. Lisa played along until Johnny finally presented it to her. She opened it to find a silky red dress. \"Johnny, it's beautiful.\" Lisa said as she eyed the dress greedily. \"Thank you. Can I try it on now?\" \"Sure, is yours.\" \"Wait right here.\" Lisa said as she grabbed Johnny's tie and kissed him. \"I'll try it on right now.\" Lisa went upstairs as Johnny waited on the couch. Lisa eventually returned wearing the beautiful dress. \" Wow, you look so sexy, Lisa.\" Johnny remarked as Lisa sat next to him. \"Isn't it fabulous?\" \"I would do anything for my girl.\" Johnny replied as they began to kiss when all of the sudden, Denny walked in the front door. \"Oh hey, guys.\" Denny said as he came inside. \"Oh hi, Denny.\" Johnny replied. \"Wow!\" Denny exclaimed as she saw Lisa's new dress. \"Look at you!\" Lisa was beaming. \"It's from Johnny.\" She said. \"Anything for my princess!\" Johnny chuckled. \"How much was it?\" Denny wondered out loud. \"Denny, don't ask a question like that!\" Lisa said, exasperated. \"Nice to see you, Denny.\" Johnny said as he stood up. \"I'm going to take a nap.\" \"Can I go upstairs too?\" Denny asked. He always felt like he was having the time of his life whenever Johnny was around. Johnny laughed at this, how was he to explain to his half brother that he wanted to make love to his future wife. Thankfully, Lisa tagged in. \"Denny, I think I'm gonna join him.\" Lisa replied. Johnny chuckled in relief as he and Lisa went upstairs. Denny grabbed an apple and took a bite of it. He figured that Johnny and Lisa probably wanted to fuck, but his need for attention took over. He went upstairs where he saw Johnny and Lisa lying on the bed. \"This is so pretty.\" Lisa remarked. \"I can't wait for you to get it off of me. \"Oh, yeah.\" Johnny said as he felt Lisa up. Suddenly, Lisa slugged him with a pillow and the couple began a pillow fight. Denny wanted to join in on the fun as he jumped on the bed, only to fight a 2-front war. \"No, stop!\" Denny said laughing as Johnny and Lisa creamed him with pillows. \"Denny, do you have something else to do?\" Johnny asked as the pillows went down. \"I just like to watch you guys.\" Denny said. He knew that sounded creepy, but he didn't want to seem needy. \"Oh, Denny, Denny, Denny boy!\" Lisa said as she felt pity for the poor boy. \"Denny, two's great, but three's a crowd.\" Johnny said, trying to tell Denny as gently as he could to piss off. Denny admitted defeat. \"I get it. You guys want to be alone.\" \"That's the idea!\" \"Fine.\" Denny said as he got up from the bed. \"I have homework to do anyway. Bye, lovebirds!\" \"Bye, Denny.\" Johnny said. \"Bye, Denny.\" Lisa waved seductively. Denny went downstairs and into his bedroom. The walls were of an aqua color and covered with posters of Denny's favorite musicians and atheletes. Denny laid back on the bed as he felt all alone in the world. REVIEWS NEEDED.[Chapter 2] I DON'T OWN THE ROOM OR THE DIALOGUE The next day, Denny woke up and had a carton of yogurt for breakfast. As he got dressed, he heard Johnny coming down. \"Did you like last night?\" Johnny asked as he and Lisa came downstairs. \"Yes I did.\" Lisa replied. Johnny laughed, she was such a tease. \"Can I get you anything?\" Johnny shook his head. \"I have to go now.\" \"OK, bye.\" \"Bye\" Johnny replied as he went out the door. Denny watched Lisa as she read a magazine, she looked so fucking hot, he could hardly believe his eyes. His peeping was interrupted by a ring from the doorbell. Lisa went to answer it and Lisa's mother Claudette came in. Claudette Faust was a strange woman. She had divorced Lisa's father and taken back her maiden name. Why Lisa's parents got divorced, no one knew. Claudette changed her story every time. \"Hi mom, how are you?\" Lisa asked. \"I'm fine, how are you?\" Claudette asked. \"Hmmm? Okay, let's go to the couch, and we will sit down. Now, what's happening with you? Hmmm?\" \"Nothing much. Do you want some coffee?\" \"What's wrong? Tell me.\" \"I'm not feeling good today.\" \"Well, why not?\" Claudette asked as Lisa sighed. \"I don't love him anymore.\" she stated. Denny was stunned, surly she couldn't be talking about Johnny, could she? \"Why don't you love him anymore? Tell me.\" \"He's so boring.\" \"You've known him for over five years. You're engaged. You said you loved him. He supports you, he provides for you, and darling, you can't support yourself. He's a wonderful man, and he loves you very much. And his position is very secure. And he told me he plans to buy you a house.\" Claudette argued. \"That's why he's so boring!\" Lisa insisted. \"Well, what are you going to do?\" \"I don't know.\" Lisa admitted. \"I don't mind living with him.\" \"Well, you can't do that.\" Claudette told her. \"Have you talked to him about it?\" \"No, I don't know what to do.\" \"Well, he's a wonderful person. And he's getting a promotion very soon. Now he bought you a car, he bought you a ring, clothes, whatever you wanted, and now you want to dump him. That's not right. I've always thought of him as my son-in-law. You should marry Johnny, he would be good for you.\" Claudette insisted. \"I guess you're right about that.\" Lisa conceded. \"Well, of course I'm right. I know men! I wasn't born yesterday. I'm glad you're listening to your mother. Nobody else listens to me.\" \"You're probably right about that, mom.\" \"Well, I'm glad you're listening to your mother. Listen, I've gotta go. But you remember what I told you, okay? M-hm. Bye bye now.\" Claudette said as she got up and left. \"Thanks, mom.\" Lisa said, her voice filled with sarcasm. Denny sank to the floor, Johnny loved Lisa more than anything. To find out that Lisa was having second thoughts about the marriage would wound him deeply. Denny slowly crept out of his room, hoping that he wouldn't be seen, but he was seen. \"Hi Denny, I didn't think you were still here.\" Lisa said as Denny turned to her. \"I was...just going down to the 7-11 to get some diet coke.\" He lied, he couldn't face her, not now. Lisa nodded as she gave him $20. \"Buy a 12-pack, that stuff tastes great.\" Lisa told him. \"Sure thing Lisa.\" Denny said as he headed out the door. As Denny made his way to the 7-11, he felt like he was going to hurl. How could Lisa do this to Johnny? After he bought the cokes, he headed back to Johnny's place. On the way there, he saw Johnny go into the flower shop. \"Hi\" Johnny said as he went up to the counter. \"Can I help you?\" the cashier asked as Johnny removed his shades. \"Yeah, can I have a dozen red roses, please?\" \"Oh hi, Johnny, I didn't know it was you. Here you go.\" \"That's me! How much is it?\" \"It'll be eighteen dollars.\" The cashier said as Johnny handed her a $20. \"Here you go, keep the change.\" Johnny said as he pet the florist's dog. \"Hi doggy!\" \"You're my favorite customer.\" \"Thanks a lot, bye!\" \"Bye bye!\" Denny watched as Johnny got into his car and drove off. Johnny was such a good boyfriend and Lisa was just a bitch. Denny wasn't going to let that tramp hurt his brother. Denny went back to Johnny's place to confront Lisa. \"Who is it?\" Lisa asked as Denny rang the doorbell. \"Denny!\" As Lisa opened the door, Denny was taken aback by how sexy Lisa looked. All his anger at her melted away like ice cream in summer. \"Hey Denny, how are you doing?\" Lisa asked. \"I'm fine. What's new?\" Denny stammered as he walked inside. \"Actually I'm really busy. Do you want something to drink?\" \"No thanks. I just want to talk to Johnny.\" Denny replied, remembering why he had come in the first place. However, his hormones took over and he was filled with desire for Lisa. \"You look beautiful today. Can I kiss you?\" Lisa laughed at Denny's failed pass. \"You are such a little brat!\" She said. Denny sighed, he knew that it was a long shot. \"I'm just kidding!\" Denny replied. \"I love you and Johnny.\" \"Okay, okay. Johnny's going to be here any minute. You can wait if you want.\" Lisa offered. Denny wanted to expose her to Johnny, but he was worried that if he did, Lisa might tell him about the way he threw himself at her. He couldn't risk it. \"I gotta go.\" Denny decided. \"You'll tell him I stopped by.\" \"Of course.\" Lisa promised. \"Bye.\" Denny said as he walked out the door. \"Bye, Denny.\" said Lisa as she closed the door. Denny began hitting himself on the head. \"Stupid, stupid, stupid.\" He said to himself. \"You had one job Denny: Tell you're brother that his fiancée's a slut, and you couldn't even do that right.\" REVIEWS NEEDED.[Chapter 3] I DON'T OWN THE ROOM OR THE DIALOGUE Denny was taking a walk through the streets of San Francisco. He had a serious dilemma on his young hands. Johnny was so good to him, better than he deserved. He deserved the truth about Lisa, but he was too much of a horny coward to tell him. He had to steady his nerves and break the news to Johnny as gently as he could. They were getting married soon and Johnny had to know before then so that Lisa couldn't demand half of everything he had in a divorce proceeding. He finally decided to grow a pair and call Lisa out on her manipulative bullshit. He went over to Johnny's place and walked in. \"Hi Lisa.\" Denny said as he walked in. To his surprise and distress, he saw that she wasn't alone. An old woman with an unpleasant disposition was sitting on the couch. \"Hey Denny.\" Lisa replied as she turned to the old hag. \"Denny, this is my mom. Mom, this is Denny.\" \"How many people come in and out of this apartment every day?\" Lisa's mom asked in frustration. \"This is worse than Grand Central Station!\" Denny couldn't face Lisa in front of her mother, so he thought up a quick lie. \"I just need to borrow some sugar.\" He lied. \"Help yourself, Denny.\" Lisa replied as she sat back down with her mom. \"I also need a cup of flour and half a stick of butter.\" Denny mumbled, trying to make his ruse more believable. \"Doesn't your home have a kitchen?\" Lisa's mom asked. Denny wanted to say that this was his home, but there was no point in getting into a spat with this bitch in front of her daughter. \"I'll come back later.\" Denny replied as he left. He then put his ear to the mail slot and eavesdropped on Lisa and her mom. \"Tell me, what does Denny do?\" Lisa's mom asked. \"Johnny wanted to adopt Denny.\" Lisa replied. \"It's really a tragedy how many kids out there don't have parents. When Denny turned eighteen, Johnny found him a little apartment here in this building and he's paying for it until he graduates from school. Johnny really loves Denny even though he doesn't say it much. He's like a father figure to him. I told you, mom, Johnny is very caring about the people in his life. And he gave Denny his own set of keys to our place. \"Please, don't hurt Johnny. Now if you really don't love him, so be it, but you should tell him.\" Denny was nodding as Mike: one of Lisa's friends was walking up to the apartment. Denny took off running, not wanting to have to answer any questions. At least Lisa's mom thought that Lisa shouldn't hurt Johnny. Although, Lisa had never given a rat's ass about what her mom had said before and he didn't really expect her to start now. With a heavy sigh, he took a stroll down the sidewalk. NEXT TIME, DENNY MEETS HIS DREAM GIRL. REVIEWS NEEDED. ","Summary":" I DON'T OWN THE ROOM OR THE DIALOGUE, ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO TOMMY WISEAU. THIS IS A TRIBUTE TO MY 4T"},{"Movie":"Hugo","Title":"Une plume dans l'engrenage","Author":"AliceJeanne","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12231205","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Nuit d'HPF Novembre 2016 Thème : Rouages Crédits Photo : dangerous-glow sur DA Une plume dans l'engrenage oOo Hugo poussa un soupir rageur en laissant tomber ses outils sur le sol usé et poussiéreux de ce qui lui faisait aussi bien office de chambre que d'atelier. Le jeune garçon se laissa tomber sur le sol, se prenant la tête dans les mains. Il n'y arriverait jamais. Le pantin de son père resterait toujours inerte quoiqu'il fasse, quoiqu'il tente pour essayer de le remettre en état de marche. Rien n'y faisait et rien n'y ferait jamais. Une larme d'amertume glissa sur sa joue sale d'orphelin livré à lui-même et Hugo ne prit pas la peine de l'essuyer. A quoi bon ? Il était seul après tout… Personne ne le verrait pleurer, seuls les rouages des multiples horloges de la gare seraient témoin de son désespoir, et aucune des froides pièces de métal ne le consolerait. Et pourtant… si seulement le monde savait à quel point, cet ensemble de mécaniques, étaient pour Hugo, ce qui ressemblait le plus à une famille. Elles étaient présentes à chaque seconde de son existence ces roues dentelées s'imbriquant parfaitement, rythmant ses journées, écoutant ses déboires, demandant un peu d'attention et de considération au fil des heures. Elles étaient le reflet des réflexions incessantes de l'enfant, véritables rouages composés de matière grise. Chaque jour, alors qu'il tentait en vain de trouver les pièces manquantes au puzzle de taille humaine que représentait l'automate de son père, Hugo reproduisait les mêmes gestes, le même chemin de la grande horloge à la boutique de jouets, tel un rouage bien huilé d'une mécanique sans fin. Le peu de fantaisie qui lui était octroyée résidait en la nature de la pièce qu'il réussissait à chaparder sur l'étalage. Le reste n'était qu'habitude et monotonie. Enfin, cela l'était, jusqu'à ce jour précis où l'horloge s'arrêta. Ce ne fut d'abord qu'un vaste et bruyant silence, un dernier cliquetis fébrile avant le grand néant. Hugo astiquait les pièces du jour avec application et ce ne fut qu'au bout de quelques minutes qu'il remarqua la variance. Le jeune garçon releva la tête lentement, se croyant trompé par ses sens, puis, se rendit à l'évidence : la machine ne fonctionnaient plus, les rouages ne s'enchaînaient plus les uns après les autres de façon logique, tout était éteint. Hugo se leva d'un bond, soudain apeuré, il ne fallait en aucun cas que quelqu'un s'aperçoive que le temps avait cessé de s'écouler à 20h13 dans la grande gare. Il fila, aussi vite que ses jeunes jambes le lui permettaient, pestant contre cet imprévu, jurant contre sa malchance. Il était pourtant certain d'avoir tout fait correctement. Il traversa les coursives en inspectant attentivement chaque mécanisme, chaque rouage, chaque dent, chaque particule de l'organisme de l'horloge sans rien y déceler de probant. Le jeune garçon était tétanisé, il n'avait aucune idée de ce qui avait bien pu altérer le fonctionnement de la machine et la colère tout d'abord ressentie se transforma en détresse. Des larmes dévalèrent ses joues, ses mains se mirent à trembler, qu'allait-il devenir si on le découvrait ? Qu'allait-il advenir si quelqu'un montait là haut et y trouvait un orphelin ? Ses tergiversations paniquées prirent soudainement fin lorsque, dans un vacarme assourdissant dans le silence de plomb qui régnait depuis presque une heure, l'horloge se remit en marche et sonna l'heure. Hugo leva ses yeux humides vers le ciel, remerciant un dieu auquel il n'avait jamais cru plus qu'en ce jour. Un ange chût dans un nuage de plumes immaculées et duveteuses et s'écrase à quelques pas du jeune Hugo. L'enfant secoua la tête, ce n'était nullement un être chimérique qui venait de heurter le sol, mais un oiseau, les ailes et le cou brisés. Hugo s'approcha de l'animal éteint et s'agenouilla à la recherche d'une réponse. La défunte créature était mollement étendue sur le sol crasseux, la blancheur de ses plumes tranchant avec la noirceur de la poussière accumulée depuis des lustres. Ses sentiments toujours maîtres de lui, le garçon ne se rendit pas compte que ses larmes tombaient à présent sur le volatile malchanceux qui avait dû sur heurter à quelque fenêtre. Quelque chose de doux lui effleura le visage, lui chatouillant le nez à l'en faire froncer. Hugo balaya la chose d'un vague geste de la main. Une autre tomba, mollement, doucement à côté de lui, il se releva. Et dans un ultime regard vers le haut avant de reprendre son chemin vers l'œuvre de son père, il la remarqua, la plume dans l'engrenage. oOo ","Summary":" Nuit d'HPF Novembre 2016 Thème : Rouages Crédits Photo : dangerous-glow sur DA Une plume dans l'eng"},{"Movie":"Hugo","Title":"Burnt","Author":"ReeReeWithAngst","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10288745","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is a oneshot about The invention of Hugo Cabret, its under the category because The movie and book are similar and I couldn't find a category for the book. Fear and panic filled his eyes. Burnt... Burnt! BURNT! No no no! The notebook couldn't be burnt! His father had poured over it! Had left it for Hugo, the Automaton was their project and without... Without the notebook... Without the notebook he could do nothing! Nothing! It was like... Like he'd lost his father to fire all over again. He almost doubled over with the pain and realization that his notebook was gone forever, as was his father. Tears sprung to his eyes but he couldn't bring himself to wipe them away, or let them fall, so they hung there. He was shaking. Yelling, if only in his mind. \"NO! NO! NO!\" A tear rolled down, just one of them, just one tear, and rolled down, it rolled down. It hit the ground with the ashes that had fallen. His hands quivered. He thought back. He thought. He thought about his father burning in a terrible fire, his Uncle coming to his house and dragging him to the train station. The automaton cradled in his trembling arms. The notebook in his pocket. His Uncle had left soon after, and Hugo had taken the job running the clocks. He'd run the clocks and work on the Automaton thinking, hoping he'd find a piece of his father if he finished. He'd still when he needed to, but was a somewhat reluctant thief even after his Uncle had showed him how. The Notebook was what he had left of his Father. Without the notebook to fix the automaton he'd never have that piece of his father. Burnt. Terrible word. His Notebook was burnt. His father was burnt. The funeral made him feel burnt. The burnt feeling rushed over him again. His father might as well be the ashes that floated around him. His life might as well be those ashes. Ashes. Ashes. Burnt. He felt like the Automaton, broken. But mostly he felt Burnt. I'm watching the movie, I got it for Easter, I just realized how sad it must be to feel you have lost everything to fire. ","Summary":" This is a oneshot about The invention of Hugo Cabret, its under the category because The movie and "},{"Movie":"Hugo","Title":"Victor Hugo","Author":"Golden Panther","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10124796","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Victor Hugo Dedicated to my favorite novel, Notre-Dame de Paris (aka, The Hunchback of Notre-Dame) by Victor Hugo The birds lay upon the street in a motionless comatose. Feathers stripped, beaks ruined and broken by the cruelties of automobiles as Hugo Cabret walked down the Parisian street towards the cathedral of Notre-Dame. The boy took delight in examining the detailed portals. The northern most was the Virgin. Her beauty, Hugo thought, matched Isabelle's. He moved down towards the saints and the martyrs that filled up the wall space. A bit disturbed by Denis but comforted by his angels, Hugo walked inside. Taken aback by the sheer size of it, Hugo walked across the nave and noticed the intricate ribs above him, the clear story above the gallery, the stain glass which depicted Christ and his chosen, the cross near the altar and the large, Gothic ceiling, which stretched to heights unfathomable to him. Sitting in one of the pews, was a man by the name of Claude, he was the archbishop. A man of respect, honor, and dignity, he was a kindly man who carried a love in his heart for a woman known as Agnes but Claude called her Esmeralda, because only something so beautiful as her deserves a beautiful name such as that. Claude, noticing someone had entered, turned around, smiled and said: \"Ah, welcome young man to Notre-Dame de Paris. Is there something I can assist you with?\" Hugo shook his head, he was still looking at the place. Hugo's eyes however, looked at one of the back walls that stood in shadow. Very faintly, Hugo could make out a word, but he could not read it. \"Mousier,\" Hugo said, \"what's that?\" He said pointing to the word on the wall. Claude turned and with a sigh said: \"That dear boy is a word that you should not have seen.\" \"Why is that?\" Hugo asked. Claude smiled and stood, \"Curious are we? Alright, you want to know what that word means, I want you to read a book.\" \"A book?\" Claude nodded, \"Yes, a book, it's called Notre-Dame de Paris, by Victor Hugo, named after this very church, it explains the meaning of that word written there.\" \"But I can't read sir,\" Hugo replied. \"What?\" Claude said, \"You can't read?\" \"Well, I can a little, but not any book.\" \"I see,\" Claude said, \"no matter,\" he said placing his hands on Hugo and ushering him to his office. \"we'll just have to work on that.\" \"You're going to help me learn how to read?\" Hugo asked a bit surprised that a complete stranger, the archbishop of the church no less, would help him in a matter that seemed so trivial to him. \"Why of course!\" Claude cried with enthusiasm, \"we'll start to-day if you wish, we'll work for two hours for six months and go from there. Then afterwards, you can read that book I was talking about.\" \"What's the book about?\" Hugo asked, as he entered Claude's office. \"Oh, it's a book of vagabonds, bellringers, archbishops, and gypsies.\" Claude answered. \"Sounds interesting.\" Hugo replied. \"It is most indeed interesting, my favorite novel of Hugo's. What is your name boy, I completely forgot to ask it, my apologizes.\" \"Oh, it's Hugo, Hugo Cabret.\" The boy answered. Claude smiled as he sat at his desk and Hugo a chair. \"Hugo Cabret,\" he said, \"very fittingly, my name happens to be Claude, Claude Frollo.\" \"Why is that fitting Monsieur Frollo?\" Hugo asked. \"You can call me Claude, Hugo, and to answer your question, well, it's best not to answer that question because it would ruin the story.\" \"What story?\" Claude didn't answer this, he simply smiled, grabbed a basic literature book and began teaching. ","Summary":" Victor Hugo Dedicated to my favorite novel, Notre-Dame de Paris (aka, The Hunchback of Notre-Dame) "},{"Movie":"Hugo","Title":"Black Stains","Author":"Frob","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9109611","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Isabelle finally convinced Hugo to take her to his so-called \"house\". Hugo showed her around the clock tower. \"So, this is where you live!\" Isabelle exclaimed and did not notice that the heel of her right shoe got stuck in a hole near the stairs. When she moved up the heel broke and she fell down the stairs and landed on her feet. \"Isabelle, are you alright?\" Hugo asked in horror. \"Yes, everything is ok, except for my shoe\". She said smiling and taking off the damaged shoe from her right foot. Suddenly she grabbed her foot and held it for a while. Hugo looked at her: \"You said you were ok\". He commented with a concerned voice. \"Yes, I am ok\". Isabelle said releasing her foot, but sat on the floor without attempting to stand up. After a few seconds of waiting Hugo understood that she was hurt. \"Isabelle, if you are hurt…\" He wanted to say, but Isabelle cut him off with a whisper: \"Look at my foot, does it look hurt?\" \"Well, the way you landed on it and the way you held it…Yes, it does look hurt\". \"What would a gentleman do in this situation?\" \"Call a doctor?\" \"Wrong, first of all, take me to a more comfortable place. For instance, a chair…\" Hugo helped her up. She put her arm over his shoulder. Hugo took her in the room where he kept the \"cinematron\". Isabelle sat on the chair. \"So, the next thing a gentleman would do is ask: \"Does it hurt?\"\" She continued. \"Does it hurt?\" Hugo asked both amused and confused. \"Yes, a bit…I could use a foot massage…\" Isabelle whispered. \"Look, it is better for you to go to the…\" Hugo wanted to say, but Isabelle yawned and took of her white cotton sock. \"I do not need any medical assistance; I just need some comfort…\" Isabelle said and flexed her foot. She continued: \"Don't be shy; put your hands on the foot\". She whispered. Hugo blushed and felt kind of strange. He brought a wooden chair and sat on the opposite of Isabelle, who gave him her foot. Hugo put his thumbs on her sole and began to rub it. \"No, no…You are doing it all wrong. You have to apply pressure correctly. Your thumbs should go up and down. Follow the sequence: rub in and rub out\". Isabelle explained. \"Wait one second then, I will bring the motor oil for a better effect\". Hugo went upstairs and brought a small bottle and applied some of it on his friend's foot. He followed Isabelle's instructions exactly. He had never felt this strange n his life. By massaging her foot he felt relief and that there were no borders for his abilities. Isabelle closed her eyes and a few minutes later fell asleep. She hid from Hugo the pain she experienced when she fell down. She was afraid that her foot was broken, but after Hugo's massage helped the pain soothe. Isabelle woke up half an hour later. She found her left shoe and sock removed as well. She felt that the foot was recently massaged as well, but it felt different than the hurt foot. \"Hugo, where are you?\" She asked flexing her feet. \"Finally, you are awake. I fixed your shoe\". \"Why did you touch my other foot?\" \"Look, Isabelle\". Hugo showed Isabelle her shoes. Both of them were polished. The heel of her right shoe was in its place. They were like new. \"Thank you, Hugo. That's really kind of you\". Isabelle thanked her friend. After putting her footwear on Isabelle stood up and walked around a bit. \"Hey, it feels kind of nice. Thank you for everything, mon amie\". \"You are welcome\". \"Still, that does not explain why you massaged my other foot\". \"It looked hurt to me…\" \"You should have come up with a better argument. You enjoyed massaging them, didn't you?\" \"…\" \"There's nothing wrong with it… I think it is cute\". \"No, that's not…\" Hugo blushed and turned away. Isabelle smiled and decided to trick him. \"Ouch…I think that you forgot the ankle\". She said grabbing her ankle. Hugo quickly sat on his knees. \"Got you! If you like doing this than we can reach an agreement\". Hugo just sat there red as a tomato without dropping a single word. \"Listen, I wanted a foot massage for a long time… We can do that every day. Well, I better get going\". Isabelle stood up and headed to the exit. Hugo was student by everything that happened today. One hour later… Meles Apartement… \"Isabelle, can you smell motor oil?\" Mama Jeanne asked opening the window. Isabelle who was reading a book realized that she forgot to remove bandages that Hugo put on her foot. She quickly stood up without answering to the question and ran to the bathroom. Mama Jeanne understood that the smell was related to her. \"Isabelle, open the door!\" Mama Jeanne knocked on the bathroom door. Isabelle took of her shoes and socks. She removed the bandage from her right foot. It was all covered in motor oil. \"Hugo, I am going to kill you\". She mumbled and began to wash her foot. The smell was gone, but it was impossible to wash off the motor oil. \"Isabelle, what is wrong with you? Open the door\". Isabelle did not respond she was trying to wash away the black stains on her skin before they could become black stains on her reputation. Suddenly someone else came in to the house: it was George Meles himself. \"What is going on here Jeanne?\" He asked. \"Something is wrong with Isabelle. I smelled motor oil and when I asked where was it from, but she just ran into the bathroom. She refuses to open the door\". Jeanne explained with a concerned voice. \"Come on, come on…\" Isabelle repeated trying to wipe the stains with sponges. They were slowly going away, but it would have taken her hours to get them off completely. George knocked on the door and called Isabelle for a few times, but without receiving an an answer he kicked and opened the door. *GASP* To be continued… ","Summary":" Isabelle finally convinced Hugo to take her to his so-called \"house\". Hugo showed her around the "},{"Movie":"Hugo","Title":"To Be Whole","Author":"Child of Mars","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9824701","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Notes: A small piece I came up with after watching Hugo for the second time. I've always loved the Inspector, he's so stern, such a law-clinger...yet there's a very, very vulnerable part of him that's mostly only hinted at in the movies. I wanted to show that hidden side. :) To Be Whole SQUEAK . Gustav bent his knee slightly, his mouth tightening into a thin line as the malicious metal cage wrapped around his leg let out a petty shriek. It was as if it was calling the entire station to witness, \"Behold! Here walks a man with a thing attached to the bottom of him! He doesn't work as well as the rest of you…he can't do his job as well as the others. He really isn't any good at all!\" Oh, his brace told that to everyone, always with that peculiar sound. SQUEAK as he stepped forward, SQUEAK as he went up stairs, SQUEAK every time it was hungry for oil. Every time, it gossiped about like a laundry woman, telling everyone Gustav's leg didn't work. It was why he tried so hard to bring in every maledict, every criminal, no matter how small. He broke things and shoved aside civilians and bruised himself on more objects than he liked to remember, but he always brought in his man…or woman…or child. Even a baby, if such tiny things could commit felonies. And when he reported yet another offender for the Head Inspector to come and pick up, the Head Inspector didn't seem to hear Gustav's impudent brace when it cried with a squeak, this is a man who doesn't work as well as others! But even if some people seemed not to hear anymore, Gustav knew they really did…he knew that everyone did. So when his brace squeaked, he felt that queer, unhappy twist in his stomach, that heavy ache behind his eyes. It wasn't pleasant. It wasn't professional. The best he could do was to try and keep the brace quiet and keep bringing in criminals. Speaking of criminals…he saw the Boy, the one with shaggy black hair and bright blue eyes as he came racing across the terminal. He looked very much the same since the last time Gustav saw him, except his hair wasn't shaggy anymore and he wore a new suit of clothes. It was a good look for the Boy…like he belonged to someone. The Boy usually came here at this time, running like a mad man through the crowds on his way to the toy booth that he ran with his adopted father…or grandfather. It wasn't really Gustav's place to speculate on such things. His place was to stop the Boy by the collar and tell him, once more, that he was a child and not a motorcar and he should not be running people over. Except the Boy stopped without being collared. He skidded to his knees on the floor a few feet in front of Gustav and pulled a notebook and pencil out of his pocket. Still on his knees, he crawled to the side a ways and leaned his head sideways. His bright blue eyes narrowed and a thoughtful fire kindled in them as he gazed at Gustav's brace. The twisting feeling in Gustav's gut began. Not the ache, just the twist. People everywhere heard his brace complain all the time…they never stopped to just stare at it. He forgot to pull the Boy up by the lapels and educate him. Instead, he turned so his leg was hidden and watched the Boy with concern, hoping he'd go away. The Boy shuffled sideways with him until he could see the brace again. It really was a very unusual occurrence, one Gustav wasn't quite prepared for. He swallowed, staring at the smoke from the distant trains for a moment. \"What…what do you want, Boy?\" His voice sounded heavy and painful, as if he were the criminal, not the other way around. He cleared his throat roughly and tried again. \"Boy!\" He said sternly, \"Has no one taught you it is rude to stare?\" The Boy looked up at him. \"I just need to…just for a minute.\" Need to? Need to look at Gustav's brace, the metal cage that held the shattered remains of what had once been a leg? Yet there was no mockery in the Boy's face…he wasn't listening to the brace, he was too busy looking …not at the brace, but the leg beneath. Gustav shifted uncomfortably and glanced down at it. The brace was acting up already today, bending his leg at an odd angle. Angrily, he reached down and snapped it straight with a sharp click. His gut twisted harder. The Boy watched him a moment. \"You have oiled it, haven't you?\" \"Yes, yes of course,\" Gustav replied automatically, biting the inside of his cheek. \"Boy, you must not be bothering officers and inspectors…it is not a crime but it is quite close to it. You must not irritate and infuriate officers of the law, do I make myself clear?\" This speech would have worked on the Boy before, but now that he belonged to somebody he seemed to have as little fear of the Law as he did of Gustav. Gustav fervently hoped it was because he belonged to somebody, not because Gustav wore a brace. \"You told me the Orphanage taught you to keep to yourself, and obey orders…\" the Boy hesitated, \"Did it teach you to be…to be kind?\" Gustav stared at this strange boy as the strange boy stared up at him. He didn't know why the boy would ask about it… he didn't belong to the orphanage now and, hopefully, never would again. Maybe that was it. Maybe he was afraid of going back. Gustav almost smiled. At last, the boy was showing some sense, some fear of the law and its retribution. \"No, no…people must not be taught how to be kind…people must be kind. The orphanage teaches you to survive, to do what you're supposed to do in life...it fixes you.\" \"Is that why you bring all the orphans in…because they're broken?\" Proud of the progress they were making, Gustav nodded importantly, clasping his hands behind his back. He didn't notice the boy start scratching notes in his little book, all the while glancing back at the brace. \"Exactly right, my little man. When a child loses his parents, he's broken. The Orphanage fixes them right up, makes them fit for life ahead.\" The Boy considered this briefly. Then, he looked at the brace. The thoughtful fire in his blue eyes grew dim as he imagined a world darker than any he'd ever known. He was wondering, wondering what could make a man's leg into what he saw before him. \"Did…did the war teach you to be kind?\" Gustav forgot the boy was staring at his brace. He forgot the train station. He forgot everything. He remembers the night sky above, coated with smoke, torn by shrieking bolts of fire that lend among the other men. He remembers watching in horror as their skin turns black and their uniforms sprout flames and the stench of it rises in the air. He realizes he can smell them burning…and they're still alive. He tries not to breathe it in. He buries his face in the cold, earthy walls of the dugout and pulls his coat over his neck. He tries to think of something, anything else but the terrible screams of frenzied pain, the curses that spill from the cracked, bleeding lips as men denounce God, their homes, their families, anything they can think of. Earth patters at his helmet as it falls from the sky, like debris left over from the roar of sound that floods the world every time a missile falls. He hears the whistle and leaps upright, (I learned to obey orders) too terrified to stay in the trenches any longer with those dying men. Hands rip through dead grass and shreds of soldiers as he crawls on his belly through the destruction. Sharp metal bits slice through his uniform. He keeps crawling. Then he gets up. Then he runs. And then comes the pain. The earth buckles and gravity explodes from inside his knee, sending bits of it everywhere and he screams. He's felt pain before, but never like this. (I learned to keep my place) The world spins around him as every fiber of his leg splits apart and he feels the sharp cracking and snapping run up his limb…he can't hear it over the roaring scream of the missile, but he feels it. Then, his head collides with something. His body slams into a wall. A second later and he opens his eyes to see the sky above, throbbing with fire and smoke. He realizes the wall he hit was really the ground, and that wet feeling crawling up his trouser isn't rain…its blood. He hears a wheezing sound and realizes that's him. He's breathing and sobbing and screaming at the same time…he's alive. But all he can think about is one thing; one thing no one ever taught him. Not the orphanage, not the death of his grandmother, not the fire that took away his mother. One thought that makes his gut twist and his eyes ache with terrible, violated pain. It isn't supposed to be like this. \"Inspector?\" The little voice startled him. His face felt hot, and something wet and burning trickled slowly from his reddened eyes. He sniffed violently, resisting the urge to use his sleeve to wipe his face. Better not make it anymore obvious than it already was…better to keep talking, before the Boy did. \"Yes, the war taught me…taught me that, that there are so many people…broken people, in the world, eh? So there's no reason to go around breaking any more of them.\" He turned briskly, glancing around the station as he always did when looking for criminals. His leg squeaked but he ignored it. He was too busy waiting for the ache in his eyes to go away. The notebook had almost fallen out of the Boy's limp hands as he watched Gustav, but now he made a few more marks with it in with his pencil and then stuffed it into his pocket. Gustav didn't realize the Boy had moved until he suddenly stood beside him, his little shoulder almost brushing against Gustav's arm. The child bit his lip a moment…he looked as if he was searching for the right words to say. \"You know, I don't think orphanages fix people…I think kindness does.\" What nonsense. What fantasy. Silly idea, that was. A silly idea from a silly child who used to be a criminal. Still… He saw Lisette by her flower stand, laughing gently as a troop of girls picked out their favorite colors for a school bouquet. She lost her brother in the war…broke a part of herself. But people were kind to her. They gave her something to do, something to live for. Now she was kind to others. Especially to Gustav. And she was whole. He suddenly realized the boy was gone. Hopefully, he wouldn't get into any more mischief. Taking careful time to straighten his buttons and smooth out his coat, he started walking towards her. SQUEAK went his leg. Lisette looked up at the sound and her face flooded with joy and welcome. Maybe…maybe kindness did fix things. After all, it was Lisette's kindness that made Gustav smile for the first time that he could remember. It was Lisette that made something in his chest glow, warm and strong. He was in love with her. Because she was beautiful, funny, but most of all…kind. It was Maximillian's low, throaty growl that woke Gustav that night. He sat up instantly, like the spring in a clock. He would have leapt out of bed that instant and tackled whatever danger his associate had detected, except that his bad leg was tightly wrapped in a sort of sling to keep him from hurting it during the night. \"Who's there?\" He asked quickly, sharply. At the same time, he gingerly unwrapped his leg and lowered it to the cold floor. There was that strange feeling like hot liquid shooting through his veins. It always came when he moved his leg after a long period of stillness. He reached for the brace in the dark. Then, his heart fluttered in panic when his fingers brushed empty air. Gone. Vanished. What kind of thief steals a leg brace? No one collected them, no one would buy them. With a determined resolve, Gustav grabbed the next best thing. His torch and baton. He really, really didn't want to stand up out of bed, not without his brace. Maximillian's beady eyes shone at him from the dark…he was waiting for a command. Gustav nodded sharply. \"Get him, Maximillian!\" The Doberman gave a bark and a lunge. There was a breathless cry. \"Wait!\" Gustav knew that voice. He frowned. Maximillian knew the voice too. He gave an impatient whine but remained where he was, pointed at a small shadow crouched by the vent. Gustav shone the torch on it. The Boy stood there, his arms wrapped around a bundle of cloth. He looked frightened, glancing from Maximillian to Gustav and back again. Well, he should be frightened. The child had no sense, no respect for the law. Gustav might still have been sitting in bed, but he managed to look stiff and stern even as he pulled a blanket over his lap for privacy's sake. \"Oh, so it's you, eh, boy? You might belong to somebody, but that doesn't mean you can commit house breaking! I shall be placing you under arrest until your adults come to get you.\" \"Wait!\" The Boy cried again. He rushed forward, his steps light and rapid as he shied away from Maximillian's growl and knelt on the floor in front of Gustav. Then, his face shining with eagerness, he unwrapped the bundle. It was an odd construction of clockwork gears. Gustav squinted at it. The child watched his face, half-smiling as he explained, \"It was going to be a surprise. I was just going to leave it here. But you saved my life and you let me go to Papa and Mama…and you hate the squeaking, because it reminds you that you're broken.\" Suddenly, Gustav realized what the thing was. A new leg brace. Without explaining himself or asking for permission, the Boy lifted some latches and held it out to him. \"Try it on. I'm good with fixing things…it works, it really does.\" Without a word, Gustav took it and slowly pulled it on. He snapped it shut, tying the leather braces and brass latches down. Then, holding his breath, he stood up. The Boy stood with him. As he did so, there was no SQUEAK . Only the steady, quiet clicking of a thing that worked. A thing that worked perfectly. \"It…\" the ache behind his eyes started up again and he spoke quickly to hide it, \"It's a gift, you say?\" The Boy nodded. He bent over to look at Gustav's new leg from different angles, like an artist surveying his finished work. Then, with an air of approval, he took a step back. \"It's perfect.\" Maximillian suddenly whimpered, shoving his head under the Boy's hand, asking for affection, as if he had adopted the little criminal into their small family of two. Gustav tested the leg with another step. And another. He strode to one end of the little room and back. No awkward bending, no slips, no squeaks…with perfect, measured steps, he turned and gazed at the Boy, not knowing at all what to say. The child seemed to sense this. Hands in his pockets, a smug smile on his face, he shrugged. \"You could say thank you.\" Gustav frowns. \"Hmmph, well, ah, yes…thank you. Thank you very much, little…little man . This is very kind of you, very…legal.\" The Boy burst out laughing. \"You're welcome. My name's Hugo, by the way.\" \"Is it. Ah.\" Gustav wished to goodness he knew how to sound sociable…he just wasn't used to being friendly with criminals. Or anyone, for that matter. Luckily, Hugo carried the conversation on. \"Thank you again…for saving my life, and all that.\" \"You are most welcome...\" There was a long pause as the new, strange address found its way into Gustav's diction, \"…Hugo.\" Hugo grinned in response and then turned and scuttled off towards the grate. \"I'll still work on the clocks…I'll wind them up every day. You needn't fear! We should see each other quite often now, except you won't be chasing me. Bye Max!\" Maximillian whined and dropped his head between his paws. Gustav still stood there, in the middle of the room, staring at the visage of that strange boy. Hugo flashed him a friendly smile. \"Goodbye, Inspector.\" Then he was gone. Gustav slowly sank onto the bed. His new leg brace murmured pleasantly, holding his shattered limb in such a firm, unbending way that there was hardly any pain at all. Almost like it was fixed. No, it was fixed. Because of Hugo's kindness. Just as his heart was fixed, because of Lisette's kindness. Maybe the Boy…Hugo…was right. Orphanages and wars and suffering didn't fix anything. Kindness did. Kindness…and love. Love and sacrifice and hope, all coming together like the clever, nimble hands of a clockmaker, or an angel. They could take a broken soul and give it purpose and life again. They could make it whole. FINIS ","Summary":" Author's Notes: A small piece I came up with after watching Hugo for the second time. I've always l"},{"Movie":"Hugo","Title":"First But Not The Last","Author":"Flamestone","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10144589","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello viewers! Flamestone here with my first one-shot! It's a sorry excuse for a one-shot though. I had so many ideas for it and it just came out in a jumbo of a mess. The alarm rang loudly, waking the boy from his peaceful slumber. The boy unwillingly opened his eyes, revealing his dull lime eyes. The boy never liked getting up to the sound of the alarm, but with his long nights studying and his extra tiring work, he had no choice but to wake to his alarm every day. Still that never changed that fact that he hated it or the fact that he wasn't a morning person. He never liked getting up early. Especially when the weather was gloomy as today. These kind of days, he just wanted to stay home in bed and sleep the day away. The falling rain did not help his situation either. If anything it strengthened his urge to snuggle deeper into his warmth of his bed. But the ringing of the alarm reminded his better judgment to get out of bed and start the day. The boy turned his head towards the ringing clock and turned the thing off. No matter how much he hated it, the boy pulled himself out of bed and dragged his tired body to washroom for a wash. A wash in the morning always helped his dazed state to wake up. He let out a satisfied sigh when he stepped out washroom after his wash. He quickly redressed himself and then went on to getting his bag and schoolwork. The place he called home wasn't very large, but it still had everything he needed since he lived alone. It was stuffy at times, but it was nothing he couldn't bear. He couldn't afford anything larger anyway. The boy picked up his pale blue umbrella and stepped out the door. He effortlessly slid down large railings by the stairs in the apartment. He swiftly pulled out his umbrella and put over his head. He formed a small nod of contentment. He always liked the sound of the rain hitting the roof of the umbrella. It was soothing to him somehow. But really he liked it when it rained. His father used to tell him how his eyes would shine when it rained. \"Hugo!\" The boy looked up at the call of his name. He smiled as he recognized the man who called him. The man was friend to him of sort. They always got on at the same stop in the morning, so they eventually started to have conversations while they waited for their bus. Well one way conversation since Hugo rarely talked. He never liked talking or communicating with other people. But Hugo would still nod here and there and answered to yes or no questions. He never seemed to mind. \"Good morning!\" The man said in glee. \"Good morning, David,\" Hugo mumbled in response. \"Quiet as per usual,\" David mused. Hugo sent him an apologetic smile, which David just waved off. \"I hope high-school is treating you well, because work hasn't been very nice to me these days,\" David paused to fidget with his watch. Hugo noticed him do this whenever he felt stressed or nervous, Hugo assumed it was latter. \"My boss is working me like a hamster. But it's always like this when payment day comes around,\" David sighed in defeat, but quickly cheered up as saw a bus pull up to their stop. Hugo scrunched his face quizzically. David usually didn't get on the bus going downtown. \"I have some extra work in downtown. So I must be leaving now. Until next time,\" David answered as if sensing his confusion. \"Have fun at school!\" David added and before boarding the bus. Hugo silently nodded and gave him small wave. He sat down on the bench at the stop and sighed. He was going need to survive another long and tiring day. Hugo would've liked the day far more if it was uneventful like countless days before. But obviously lady luck wasn't smiling on him today. \"Well, are we going to start anytime soon?\" Hugo groaned. This Isabelle girl was persistent. He had already told her that he could do this by himself. Usually people would jump at the idea, since Hugo never failed to get anyone a perfect score for these partner project. But clearly she had different ideas. \"I'm not going just sit by and watch my so called partner do all the work for the project,\" Isabelle said with a scoff. Hugo looked at Isabelle with pleading eyes. He really didn't like working with other people. They rarely helped and when they tried to, they only got in his way. Which was why he preferred working alone. \"Like I said, I like working alone,\" Hugo retorted in irritation. \"So you can talk! I was beginning to wonder if I imagined our conversation we had before,\" Isabelle remarked in exasperation. \"Of course, I can talk,\" Hugo muttered in reply. \"Then stop being so anti-social!\" \"I'm not anti-social.\" \"Being enigmatic really doesn't suit you.\" \"This argument is pointless.\" \"Of course it is! If you were willing to work together we wouldn't even be having this argument!\" Isabelle exclaimed in with a huff. Which brought a lot of glares from people who were used usual quiet library. \"If you were willing to let me do the work, we wouldn't be having this argument either,\" Hugo responded sharply. \"Two types of people,\" Isabelle muttered and collapsed on her desk. \"I promise I won't get in your way.\" Hugo softened at her defeated library figure. There weren't a lot of people this passionate about work. \"You promise?\" Hugo asked meekly. \"I promise,\" Isabelle replied with a hopeful eye. \"Alright then.\" \"Really?\" Isabelle asked uncertainly. Hugo nodded. He was going give this a try before judging this time. Isabelle seemed like a reliable person. Isabelle immediately brightened at his sudden change of heart. \"What book shall we do our report for?\" \"Harry Potter?\" \"Boring.\" \"Hunger Games?\" \"Dozens of people did that one already.\" \"Robin Hood?\" Isabelle's eyebrow furrowed in thought, and then quickly smiled at Hugo for his suggestion. \"I like that. I think we should go with that.\" \"You do?\" Hugo asked with mild surprise. \"Yes, I do.\" Hugo smiled back at Isabelle. It's been a while since he had a real conversation with anyone. \"You could smile?\" Isabelle asked in amazement. Hugo chuckled at her in response. \"You can even laugh?\" By now Isabelle's eyes bulged out in astonishment. \"You should do that more often, a scowl is hardly a desirable trait.\" Hugo gave at good hearted laugh from Isabelle's reaction, which brought a lot of odd stares from people, since Hugo never laughed. It actually surprised him too, he didn't what Isabelle did but she could make him irritated one moment and then laugh gleefully the next. He didn't what it was, but he for sure did not mind. \"We better find the book before school ends,\" Isabelle said with a grin of her own. Hugo nodded. This was his first time he had a conversation with Isabelle, but for certain it wasn't going to be his last. He hoped it could become a good friendship later on. It would be a nice change from usual quiet life. He knew it wasn't going to be very quiet from now, but he didn't want it in any other way anymore. This in fact is a one-shot but I will be serializing this once I finish my first story. That is my plan at least. And I will be writing more one-shots about their high-school life taking place in the modern days of course. But I will be doing more in the future. So look forward to them, even though this was a mess. Thanks Flamestone ","Summary":" Hello viewers! Flamestone here with my first one-shot! It's a sorry excuse for a one-shot though. I"},{"Movie":"Hugo","Title":"Noël à Paris (Christmas in Paris)","Author":"Golden Panther","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9908273","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Noël à Paris (Christmas in Paris) The snow fell softly that Christmas Eve night when Hugo Cabret died. The blood on the street was accompanied by a beautiful choir of angels. Beside him, scattered about the street near the Place de la Concorde Fountain, were Christmas groceries. A bag of apples for homemade apple pie, sugar, a box of baking chocolate for cookies, a honey ham for dinner, a wheel of Camembert cheese, and a loaf of bread. Hugo's face was calm, sincere, almost as if he was expecting death and willingly embraced it. His eyes sparkled with the streetlights that were decorated with beautiful garland and red and green Christmas lights. Georges was at home tending to last minute decorations. The tree was up, the stockings hung, the fire prepared, stoked, and fueled, and there was plenty of firewood. Holly adorned the walls, mistletoe over the front door. The tablecloth over the dining room table was pure white, just like the snow outside. The flame of the creme colored candles let the beauty of the molding of the candelabra shine as well as reflect off the silverware. Georges dimmed the lights to create a romantic, holiday family mood as he placed the last decoration on the table, a sole flower, a poinsettia, imported from Mexico that was given to him by his wife on their last vacation. \"Isabelle!\" Georges called, as he took his seat. Isabelle, who was in the living room entered the dining room with a Christmas smile on her face, \"Papa Georges!\" She said, hugging him. \"The food is almost ready.\" Georges said. Isabelle took a long whiff of the air. \"It's smells delicious.\" \"Well,\" Jeanne, Georges wife, peered her head from the kitchen, \"I'm glad you think so. We're still waiting on Hugo to return with the groceries. I need to cook the ham.\" \"I'll wait then,\" Isabelle said. \"A Christmas Eve dinner is a family occasion.\" \"Quite right my dear.\" Georges said with a smile and a kiss, \"I sure do hope Hugo's alright though, it's supposed to get near freezing tonight.\" \"You should've gone with him.\" Jeanne said. \"It's just two blocks down the road, besides, The Inspector went with him, he's in good hands.\" Georges replied, as a knock came at the door. Knock. Knock. Knock. Isabelle ran to the door, skipping all the way, opening it, expecting to see her friend she instead saw The Inspector with a sad, regretful look on his face. \"Bonjour Isabelle,\" The Inspector said in French, \"puis-je en venir?\" Isabelle nodded and stepped to the side, letting The Inspector inside. The Inspector's real name was Jean Baptiste. Jean walked with urgency towards the table. Georges noticed him and stood. \"Pourquoi Inspecteur, \" Georges said, knowing that Jean only spoke French, \"ce qui jamais est la question?\" Georges said, asking what the matter was. \"Je suis désolé Méliès,\" Jean said, tears beginning to form, \"je suis vraiment désolé, j'ai essayé de le sauver, mais je ne pouvais rien faire!\" He paused, trying to compose himself, \"Je n'ai rien pu faire, il vient-\" He choked up, turned away and held back his tears. He failed. \"Je suis désolé, je ne veux pas à pleurer.\" He apologized for his dramatics. \"Puis-je m'asseoir? J'ai besoin de rassembler mes idées.\" Jean asked for a seat. Georges nodded and watched as The Inspector sat down, noticing that he was shaken up, experiencing trauma, going through the worst heartache in the world. \"Qu'est-il arrivé Jean?\" Georges asked the same question as before. \"Hugo, lui, il a été heurté par une voiture qui roulait.\" Jean answered. Hugo, he, he got hit by a speeding car. Isabelle walked over, keeping her eyes on the table. Hugo got hit by a car. She thought. I sure hope he's okay, it just wouldn't be- no, don't think of that, he's going to be okay, he's going to be okay. \"Isabelle,\" Georges said standing up, \"we're going out.\" \"Why Papa Georges?\" Isabelle asked. \"To get a Christmas ham.\" \"A Christmas ham?\" Isabelle said, a bit confused, \"but I that Hugo was getting that.\" \"He was,\" Georges replied, \"but he didn't get a good one. We're going to meet him and you're going to walk him home.\" He escorted Isabelle to the door, she put on his coat, he put on his, they walked out. Jeanne came into the room as the door closed. She was carrying a bowl of soup, she placed it in front of Jean. \"Merci.\" He said, as he reluctantly ate the warm soup, homemade chicken noodle. Hugo's favorite. \"Où est-il?\" Jeanne asked Jean, wanting to know where Hugo was. \"Le garçon est déjà au salon funéraire.\" Jean said. The boy is at the funeral home. Jeanne nodded, she turned her head away, she didn't want Jean to see her tears. \"Mme Méliès, c'est ok à pleurer.\" Jean said. Madame Melies, it's going to be alright, you'll see. Jean reached across the table and putting his hand on her arm. She looked into his eyes, and saw Hugo's spark. \"Pour nous manqueront à tous notre petite horloge travailleur, notre petit Quasimodo, Victor Hugo.\" Jean continued, \"Je sais que je n'étais pas la personne la mieux vers lui, mais je vais vous dire ceci ma'am, je l'aimais trop, et il me manquera.\" For we all miss our small clock worker, our small Quasimodo, Victor Hugo. I know that I was not the best person to him, but I will tell you this ma'am, I loved him too, and I will miss him. Jeanne nodded. \"Merci, Jean,\" she said with a sniffle. \"que signifie vraiment beaucoup.\" Thank you Jean, that means a lot. Jean nodded, \"Si vous avez besoin de quoi que ce soit,\" If you need anything. \"faites-le moi savoir ne voulez-vous pas?\" Let me know, won't you? Jeanne moved towards the kitchen, crying her heart out. Jean stood, not bothering to finish his soup. He removed his hat, inside it, he kept a small notepad and pen. He quickly scribbled on it, ripped the paper off the notepad and placed it on the table in plain view. With that he put his hat back on and walked towards the door. Jean reached the doorknob just as Georges and Isabelle returned with a fresh honey ham. Small rivers fell down Isabelle's face as she bolted towards the living room. Jean and Georges watched as she held Hugo's stocking in her arms like a teddy bear, collapsed on the floor and buried her face in it. Jean walked in the room, the fire in the fireplace it seemed, felt the sadness of the room and he tried to warm up the place and remind everyone of the holiday. \"Isabelle,\" Jean said as he sat on the floor next to her, \"Il va être très bien, vous allez voir.\" He said, moving to place a comforting arm around her. She hit it away. \"Just leave me alone please!\" She cried. The Inspector sighed, nodded, and stood up. \"Joyeux Noël chère, J'espère que vous obtiendrez tout ce que vous avez demandé.\" Merry Christmas dear one, I hope you get everything you asked for. Isabelle nodded, still crying. \"Merci, Monsieur.\" Jean tipped his hat and walked back towards the hallway. Georges sat at the table. Jeanne came back into the room, carrying the rest of the dinner. \"Isabelle,\" Jeanne called. \"it's time to eat.\" The girl slowly came in and sat down in her place. Jeanne looked over to Jean who once again made his way to the door. \"Ne pouvez-vous pas veuillez avoir dîner avec nous?\" She asked if he would have dinner with them. \"Autant que je le voudrais, J'ai un travail à faire Madame Méliès et j'ai mieux revenir à cela.\" As much as I would like to Madame Méliès, I have a job to do, and I best get back to it. \"Joyeux Noël à vous tous. Je serai toujours là pour bien vous?\" Merry Christmas to you all. I will always be here for you, alright? The Méliès' looked at The Inspector, with begging eyes, wanting him to speak words of comfort to them. Jean smiled a bit as he opened the door. \"Espère que mes amis,\" he said as walked out into the cold world. A streetlight accompanied with snow, illuminated the ground with reflective white. The Inspector closed the door behind him and walked down the street towards the train station. The snow crunched beneath each footstep, the wind blew snow in his face. He didn't mind it though, \"il y a toujours de l'espoir. Je prie pour vous ne perdez jamais.\" Hope, my friends, there is always hope. I pray you never lose it. He passed the church and saw a priest carrying a small body inside. Jean stopped, made the symbol of the cross. \"Joyeux Noël Monsieur Hugo Cabret,\" he tipped his hat with a smile and walked into the train station across the street. \"je vous vois dans la matinée.\" Merry Christmas Hugo Cabret, I'll see you in the morning. ","Summary":" Noël à Paris (Christmas in Paris) The snow fell softly that Christmas Eve night when Hugo Cabret di"},{"Movie":"Hugo","Title":"Reasoning the Stars","Author":"interludes","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8035370","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N : For all my lovely and amazing friends — you know who you all are. Briller sur, mon ami. Reasoning the Stars A Hugo fanfiction. :: When he looks out, he sees clouds. Of course, this is no surprise — lately, the weather's been quite good at mimicking his emotions. Cloudy and dark. Angry. Lonely. But never the sunny joyfulness that always seems to be in pictures of Paris these days. How did he get here, anyway? Where is his father, who, every night at this hour, would come home with a glint in his eye and another mystery in his pocket? No , he reminds himself. He is dead. Dead. But how can that be? Wasn't it just yesterday when his father brought back that rusty old automaton from the attic of the museum to fix? The one that they would work on for a few hours a day and an infinity? He turns to look at the automaton, all that is left of his father. It stares blankly at the paper on the desk it is propped against as it does every passing minute. A look of loneliness, as if it has lost its purpose, etched on its metallic face. It gets him thinking. What if , he wonders, the world was a machine? Paris, with its winding roads and crowds of people, the lights illuminating in the darkness, reminds him of gears. Turning and turning. Never stopping. They are there because they have a job to do. He thinks of the clocks his father used to build, and how he would stand on tiptoe next to him to watch his fingers fly, fitting the pieces together as if by magic. He remembers how losing a piece would send them both into a frenzy — every clock came with the exact amount needed, and nothing more. So , he muses. If the world was just one big machine, I can't be an extra part. I have to be here for some reason. Like the clocks, that tell the time. Like the trains, that take people on adventures. Like Paris, the home to so many, including him. He'd just have to figure out what that reason is. And so when Hugo Cabret looks out the back of the clock into the dark but suddenly bright night of Paris again, he sees stars. A/N : Guess what, guys? I'm not dead! Hooray, new fandom! I recently saw the movie Hugo, and to be honest, I loved it so much. It was awesome, and I can see how it won so many Academy Awards! So yeah, enough rambling. I hope you liked it. Thoughts? —interludes ","Summary":" A/N : For all my lovely and amazing friends — you know who you all are. Briller sur, mon ami. Reaso"},{"Movie":"Hugo","Title":"Lisette","Author":"princessica4","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10046288","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I own nothing of Hugo, including the characters, the story line and the quotes used. Lisette let the last petal of a rose zigzag towards the ground. She looked at the thorny stalk lying in her hand and thought of how it resembled herself - black in the clothes of mourning, grieving after her brother's death. Lisette started out of her reverie as she heard a startled cry followed by shouting and uncontrollable sobbing. The Station Inspector had caught another thief. It was saddening to see the boy taken away to the orphanage where nothing was fair, but she knew the Inspector was simply doing his job. She was sympathetic towards the Inspector. It must have been hard to be so harsh towards everyone just because it was his job. But she could not think about that forever. Lisette had flowers to collect and posies to sell. The train whistle blew loudly and with one vigorous puff, it made its way out of the station. Lisette raised her hand and waved politely to those on board. She did this every day. She let her hand fall and smiled softly. She never tired of her job. She did get frustrated with the Station Inspector though. She could see the affection he felt for her in his dark chestnut eyes, but she could not understand why he did not speak of his feelings. She supposed he was nervous. Lisette nearly jumped out of her skin when she heard a sudden high-pitched creak. She looked around uncertainly, feigning a look of confusion. She knew perfectly well who it was. Lisette straightened up from where she was tending the new flowers that had just arrived and admired her work. Out of the corner of her coffee eyes, she glimpsed the familiar dark blue uniform. With a slight grin, she tucked a loose strand of light brown hair behind her ear and turned around. \"A very gracious good evening to you,\" The Station Inspector declared. \"Monsieur Inspector,\" Lisette dipped her head slightly in greeting. She just managed to stop herself from giggling as an awkward silence set upon them. Inspector Gustav cleared his throat. \"Yes. Those are lovely posies, those.\" Lisette turned her head to the new bouquets, \"Thank you. Yes, they're from Bordeaux, they come in on the overnight trains so they're very fresh.\" The Inspector nodded in recognition. \"Ah, Bordeaux. Splendid country that, very robust. The cows and such mooing, perfectly formed udders.\" Lisette once again only just bit back a laugh. He tried too hard to please. She chose to give him a small – if slightly uncertain – smile. \"Are they… are they… are they smelly? Are they smelly flowers?\" Gustav asked. It took her a moment to comprehend. \"Oh! Um… yes, a little,\" she gestured to the flowers, \"Please.\" The Station Inspector bent down towards the flowers and breathed in their scent. Lisette was just about to say something that same awful creak echoed around the station. He stumbled into the flowers and Lisette took a tiny step backwards. Gustav stood stiffly and adjusted his leg brace which have given way again. He looked evidently embarrassed. \"You see, I was injured in the war and it will never heal. Good evening, Mademoiselle.\" Lisette felt as though her heart would burst with all the sympathy that had been suddenly crammed inside it. The grief returned to her as she was reminded of the past events. \"I lost my brother,\" she murmured tentatively. Inspector Gustav turned abruptly. \"Where?\" \"Verdun,\" she answered. Lisette twisted around and plucked a flower from one of her bunches. She slipped it into his jacket and gave him a slight smile. \"Good evening, Monsieur Inspector.\" He beamed at her with the best grin he could manage. \"Very good evening, Mademoiselle Lisette.\" Lisette heard a loud yapping behind her and saw Madame Emilie's dachshund barking at another puppy. Monsieur Frick and the Inspector stood with them. Gustav was speaking animatedly to them. She walked over and bent down to pat the dogs. \"Did you here that, Mademoiselle Lisette? The old clock master, Mr Claude, is dead,\" cried Gustav excitedly. Lisette looked up shocked. \"What?\" She had not known the clock master well, but hearing of anyone's death distressed her. She barely had time to think about it, for the Station Inspector was running after a young boy. There much commotion over by the railway tracks. Lisette, Madame Emilie and Monsieur Frick rushed over in time to see Gustav haul the boy out of the way of an oncoming train. Lisette covered her mouth in astonishment. The Inspector began yelling at the boy who was clutching a broken metal man. \"We'll let the orphanage deal with you,\" snarled Gustav. The boy struggled. \"No! I don't belong there!\" \"Where do you belong then? A child has to belong somewhere!\" \"Listen to me, please! You don't understand! You have to let me go! I don't understand why my father died, why I'm alone!\" he sobbed, \"This is my only chance, to work. You should understand!\" Lisette saw the Inspector's eyes turn to his injured leg. \"I do! I do! Monsieur, this child belongs to me.\" Georges Méliès, the man from the toy booth came up behind Gustav and the boy. Lisette breathed a sigh of relief as Gustav let go of the boy and stepped back. She took his hand and held onto it comfortingly. He looked down at her in gratitude. Lisette and Gustav walked through the hallway of Monsieur Méliès' house. They were on their way to get a photo taken. \"Don't forget to smile, darling,\" Lisette reminded her partner gently. \"Well, which one? I've mastered three of them.\" The musicians in the living room shifted their instruments out of the way slightly, recalling an incident that included a cello being broken. The Inspector reassured them, \"Don't worry, I'm now a fully functioning man.\" Lisette laughed and looked down at the new leg brace Hugo had made for him. The War was over and she had nothing to fear. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I own nothing of Hugo, including the characters, the story line and the quotes used. Li"},{"Movie":"Hugo","Title":"Amidst the Smoke and the Flowers","Author":"Spades And Swords","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9161787","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: Well, I watched Hugo a few days ago and I absolutely loved it! It was so much better than I had expected and of course, The Inspector was my favorite character, so I really needed to write this fic (my feels are to blame ) I haven't read the book, so I may have taken some liberties with the drabbles, but I tried to stay close to the movie!canon. First She was the first thing he truly noticed on his first day of work at the Gare Montparnass railway station. And soon, she became the first thing Gustave would think about everyday when he woke up in the mornings, amidst the smoke of the trains and the fragrance of the flowers. Smile Sometimes, when she caught a glimpse of him looking at her from far away, she would give him a small, soft smile. And in those moments, not even the sound of the working clocks could convince Gustave that time had not frozen in a beautiful eternity. Like \"I-I think she actually… likes me.\" Brave He had fought in the war and had seen death right in the eye. So, how was it possible he wasn't brave enough to simply approach that florist and ask for her name? Attempt Gustave numerous attempts of talking to that beautiful florist were as successful as his attempts of stopping his leg brace's constant creaks. Nightmares Even the pain on his leg was nothing compared to the pain he felt on his nightmares. And those nightmares had a name. It was war . Names \"Her name is Lisette, Gustave, not flower girl or female florist. \" \"How do you know that, Madam Emile? Is female intuition really that sharp?\" \"No. I know it because I asked her. Come on, Gustave! Be brave and go talk to her. She won't bite.\" \"Bite? Why would she ever do that? Is biting a secret salute among you women?\" \"…Never mind, dear. Just concentrate on drinking your coffee.\" Gustave had never been more confused in his whole life. Beauty \"Lisette…What a beautiful name. Don't you agree, Maximilian?\" Morning \"Good Morning, Monsieur Inspector.\" Gustave couldn't believe it. She was actually talking to him. His heart began to thump in his chest. He had to say something clever. He had to make a good first impression. \"G-good morning, flower Girsette.\" Escape Had he really called her that? And why had he saluted her in a military way? And why was he blushing? And why was he so stupid? And dear heavens, she looked so confused. And oh no what had he just done. His big opportunity, ruined. His first impression, ruined. Everything was ruined and everything hurt. \"I-I must go, now…Have a good day, Lady Flower,I mean-Lisette…\" He didn't wait for her to say goodbye, and instead, Gustave quickly walked away. Ashamed, and alone. Reality Sometimes, he thought his whole life was a dream, while war was the true reality always waiting for him to wake up. Stranger Sometimes, she wished he could be something more in her life than just a simple acquaintance, little more than a stranger. Awkward Lisette had never met someone as awkward as him. A rather peculiar trait, she thought. But it wasn't necessarily a flaw. Not at all. Drinks Gustave loved coffee Lisette loved tea. And they both loved each other; though in words they had never expressed it. At least, not yet. Namesake \"Do you have any other name besides 'Inspector', monsieur?\" she asked him in an almost jokingly manner. \"Of-of course, mademoiselle. My name is Gustave. Inspector Gustave Dasté.\" Gustave answered ,with his second best smile on his lips. \"Gustave…?\" She repeated, and suddenly, all of her joviality faded away from her voice, like the life fades away from a flower in winter. \"My ...my brother's name was also…\" But she was unable to continue. With a lump in her throat and tears in her eyes, she walked away, leaving a confused and worried Gustave behind. Dreams He dreams of the times when his body wasn't broken. She dreams of the times when her family wasn't broken. Flowers Gustave had never liked flowers. But that didn't stop him from loving the woman who sold the flowers. Jealous \"Just because I clench my fists and my blood boils every time I see that Dali guy smiling at her it doesn't mean I'm jealous. Gustave Dasté is not a jealous man. Right, Maximilian?\" Maximilian, covered in soap, silently looked at him from the other side of the bathtub. Humor \"…and then that little thief started crying, and when I told him he was being sent to the orphanage, he cried even louder.\" Gustave laughed, telling that anecdote as if it was the funniest joke in whole France. Lisette, far from being amused, covered her mouth with her hands. \"Oh lord, how dreadful!\" she whimpered. \"Dreadful? No, it's just justice.\" He explained to her. Gustave could be a really sweet guy, but Lisette couldn't deny his sense humor was a bit cruel. And above all, extremely old fashioned. Echoes I'm truly sorry, son. But your leg will never heal. Never heal… Never… Gustave is unable to forget the look on the doctor's face when he told him those terrible news. His eyes were so full of pity, so full of shame. Slowly, Gustave closes his own eyes, and hopes that the sound of the arriving trains will take away the echoes howling inside his mind. Pieces Gustave wouldn't say he was alone. After all, he had Maximilian and his job. Lisette never thought of herself as a lonely person, for she had her flowers and her friends at the station. No, they weren't alone. But if anything, they felt incomplete, as if a piece of their beings had been stolen from their lives. Or perhaps, those pieces hadn't been stolen. They were merely lost, and what is lost can always be found. Dog \"You know, Gustave? When I first saw him, I thought Maximilian was a vicious dog. But deeps inside, he is just a big sweetheart.\" Lisette said, petting the dog on his head.\"Just like his owner…\" \"Indeed, just like his…\" Gustave blinked a few times. \"Wait, what is that supposed to mean?\" Lisette laughed in response. Crush \"Oh, admit it Lisette.\" Inquired one of her usual costumers with a sly smile on her lips. \"You have the biggest crush on the Station Inspector, don't you?\" \"What?\" Lisette asked, a little confused \"No, of course I…\" She took her eyes away from the flower arrangement she was fixing and looked at the Inspector, who was checking the station's clock. From that angle, he didn't look that bad. Not bad at all. Her heart started to beat a bit faster, and her cheeks became red and warm. \"Well…maybe a little.\" Graveyard They met at the graveyard one cloudy morning of autumn. Gustave was there to pay his respects to his fallen comrades. Lisette, to put a single flower on her brother's grave. They slowly approached each other, and without saying anything, they hugged under the empty, gray sky. Definition \"So what if your leg will never properly heal? You aren't just an injured leg ,Gustave Dasté. You are so much more. I know that, and everyone in the station does. I think it's time you do, too\" Duty \"No, Lisette. It is my duty, and I can't be merciful with those thieves…\" \"Be reasonable, Gustave. They are only kids! And not only kids, they are orphans!\" \"Orphans or not, they have stolen, and stealing is a crime. And crimes make criminals, whatever their age.\" Uniform The first thing Gustave had done after returning home from the war was to throw away all of his uniforms. He never could have guessed he would wear one again, and much less if he wore it to go see a movie. In fact, the uniform he was wearing wasn't even his own. \"It fits you well.\" Lisette whispered as she buttoned his neck. \"I know my brother would have wanted liked you to keep it…he-he would…\" He silenced her with a soft kiss. \"No, Lisette. Let's not allow our pasts ruin our presents anymore.\" \"Not anymore.\" \"Never again.\" Movie \"The movie was really good, but there's one thing I don't understand: why did the moon had a face?\" \"Well, movies are art, Gustave. You can't expect to understand them if you only use logic.\" \"I know that. But what I don't get is why the moon had a face!\" Fixed Letting go of his past was a hard thing to do. Gustave wondered if he would ever be able to let go of it for good. But truth was …that perhaps ,he didn't need to let go of it all. His past was just as his leg: They both hurt, but that pain was just a miniscule part of his life. A life so big and full of happiness that it almost felt like a dream ,only that Lisette was always there to remind him that it was all real. Gustave had finally found his missing piece. Yes. There was no doubt about it: Gustave Dasté was happy. Thanks for reading! ","Summary":" AN: Well, I watched Hugo a few days ago and I absolutely loved it! It was so much better than I had"},{"Movie":"Hugo","Title":"Hugo Cabret","Author":"tylerj1","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8632284","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 22nd October 2012 Hugo Cabret Hugo could see a small object, a bit like a key out of the corner of his eye on the rails of the train station. He climbed down onto the rails and picked up the object, it was a key but not like any ordinary key, it had a heart shape end. 'This could be the key for the automaton' Hugo thought to himself. Hugo heard a mans voice \"So lad what are you doing down there and have we got an orphan?\" said the station inspector, trying to grab Hugo's shirt, as he did this Hugo began to run but tripped up on a rail… Then there was another shout, but this time it wasn't the station inspector, it was a man on board an on coming train shouting \"There's a boy on the tracks pull the brakes\" he repeated this over and over. Hugo wanted to move but it was as if he was glued to the floor, he couldn't move, the train was getting closer and closer and now everyone on board the train and in the station was shouting at him to get up. The train was so close now that if Hugo reached out he could touch it. Even if he was able to get up he couldn't get out of the way in time. Could this be the end of Hugo Cabret. The rails were vibrating everyone was shouting but it was too late the train was thundering towards Hugo at a high speed although it had it's brakes welded down. At impacted it would have killed Hugo. But then, Gorges Mêliés performed one of his magic tricks, which made Hugo move from where he was to next to Gorges just as the train past where Hugo just was. Unfortunately, Gorges couldn't do anything for the train as it went crashing through the walls of the station and out of the big stain glass window and onto the path outside. Hugo awoke with a start, it was just a dream, or was it….. ","Summary":" 22nd October 2012 Hugo Cabret Hugo could see a small object, a bit like a key out of the corner of "},{"Movie":"Hugo","Title":"Happy Birthday","Author":"bri-happy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8522636","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Isabelle sat there, listening intently to Papa George bicker with his wife, Mama. Isabelle's 18th birthday was two days away and they couldn't figure out what to let her do. She thought innocently, that just a day with Hugo would be the perfect way to spend her last day of childhood. Just thinking of him made her smile. His image popped into her brain. His mop of black hair, his pale skin, his striking blue eyes, even his still scrawny figure that now towered over her. His musky scent, that faint smell of gasoline that always floated around him was intoxicating to think about. It all came rushing back to her, all the memories, making her heart pound uneven and fast. She spent nearly every day with him for the past 6 year. They would attend afternoon school. They would go exploring, to the cinema and through the alleys. They would read together in the library, and Hugo would teach her how to fix things in his spare time. Sometimes they even went to his hidden loft in the clock tower to look out upon the town. Those were her best memories, especially the ones of their adventures at the train station. Each one in which Hugo was present. They had only ever truly been alone together a few times. The last they sat in the dark corner of the alley behind the cinema, creating alternate endings for the lasted silent film they saw. It was grand fun. Sometimes though, thoughts got in the way. Harsh thoughts, about doing grown-up things with Hugo. But she technically was a grown up. Almost. The sad part was they weren't really in a considerable relationship. She had only seen him as her friend. Papa even calls him her brother. And kissing him would ruin their friendship, she was positive. She was lost in thought when she heard Papa clear his throat. \"Isa, what would YOU like to do for your birthday?\" She stammered out something that sounded like \"I'll think about It.\" and rushed out the door toward the train station. -X- When she finally arrived she did her normal check in routine. She glanced at each of the four clocks. Of course, in the Northern Clock, where Hugo's loft is, she could see a pair of eyes searching for her out of the number one. She giggled. He had grown so tall; he couldn't peer out of any other number. She waved at him, and he smiled, holding up one finger. She slyly glided toward the secret entrance to his loft, and waited for him patiently. He then appeared, carrying a blindfold. He tied it around her eyes, and then interlocked his fingers with hers. Not a word was said as he guided her through the tunnels. They walked for what seemed like forever, but she didn't mind. Finally she felt Hugo's arms wrap around her neck. She cringed as he let the cloth fall to the floor. -X-? The first thing she saw was his crooked smile, then his fierce blue eyes, crinkling with a smile. She wandered through the loft, and noticed a miniature cake sitting on the terrace under the clock, with 18 curly candles sticking out of it. She couldn't suppress her happiness. She turned toward him and rushed into his arms. She felt his fingers graze her back. \"Happy early birthday.\" He whispered in her ear. She hugged him even tighter. This was what she adored about him. He knew her inside and out, everything that made her smile and everything that made her tick. They had been best friends for almost 7 years now. How could he not? After years of thinking about this, she at that point concluded, she indeed cared for Hugo Cabret more than she could have ever realized. She let go of him and went out on the terrace. Together they sat there, eating and playing with her cake, spreading icing on each other's noses, licking candles, and dropping crumbs from high above. When they finished eating, they sat against the clock, staring out at the Eiffel Tower, the Arch de Triumph, and the most romantic city on earth. Isabelle nestled her head into the crook of his neck. She thought about telling him how she felt, and how it was bothering her. She couldn't let herself go on like this. But the predicted rejection was almost too painful to bear. With all the courage she had, she began. \"Hugo?\" \"Hmmmm?\" She noticed he had had his eyes closed, he was probably thinking of something. New blueprints maybe? \"I need to tell you something. Something important.\" At this point he had turned his head and was looking at her. \"Is, you know you can tell me anything right?\" He said calmly, gripping her hand. \"Go on. What is bothering you?\" \"Well, Hugo. I was thinking this morning, about us, and I-\" She stopped. Hugo's head was slowly moving toward hers. All she saw were his thin lips and hollow, rosy cheeks. She had longed to touch those lips. She had longed to know just what lay beyond them. But she couldn't. It wasn't worth it. She shivered. Hugo stopped suddenly, looking confused and embarrassed. He got up and brushed the snow out of his floppy black hair. He held out his hand to her and she gripped it, standing up. He led her back into the loft, and handed her a blanket. He grabbed some stray papers and put them in his trash pail. Lighting them aflame, he could see the fire dancing in Isabelle's mocha eyes. He took a seat in his uncle's old corduroy armchair. He motioned for her to come sit with him. She rested herself on Hugo's lap, snuggling up against his warm sweater. He rubbed the small of her back, feeling her ease up, her body beginning to relax. \"I know that you were going to say,\" he started. \"And, honestly I have been waiting so long to hear you say it. I never knew if it was right, but I always felt it. We have a connection, more rare then anyone could imagine. The truth is, I feel the same way.\" He waited for a response, but a gentle little snore was all he got in reply. Wrapped in his blanket, she looked so peaceful. He kissed her atop her head, her hair smelling of flowers and engine smoke. He leaned back, shutting his eyes again to think. Everything they had ever done together flashed through his mind, from the first day he met her outside her house, to her first day at the cinema, to Papa George's revival and all the adventures they had had since. They weren't perfect kids, but they were perfect for each other. Every moment he spent with her was more fun than the last. Then, he had a marvelous idea. If he could make her birthday more memorable than any other day they spent together, she might have to courage to tell him how she felt. She would spend the night at his house on her birthday. He would tell her stories and they would make forts, just like they always did. But he had a feeling this would be more sentimental than anything he had ever done for her in the past. Being simple, she would love it. All he had to do was convince Mama Jeanne. He lifted his head, opening his eyes. The sunlight was dimming; he knew he had to take her home. He rustled Isabelle's hair, and she unfurled, surprised at how she had been sleeping. She smiled, glancing up at him with her chestnut eyes still groggy from sleep. He stood up, cradling like her like a child. She stretched and he set her down. Draping an arm over her shoulders, he led her home through the winter evening. When they reached her house, he pecked her on the nose and cautiously opened the door. He handed her off to her Papa, and then went off to find Mama. She was in the kitchen, cleaning up after a dinner for two. \"Why hello there, son.\" She said with a genuine grin, her voice chipper and enthusiastic. \"What were you and Isabelle up to today?\" She sipped some wine and offered it to Hugo, who refused. \"I threw her a little birthday party on the terrace of my loft and we watched to people down below us. I got her a tiny free cake, and no I didn't steal it.\" Mama laughed, like the tinkle of a sleigh bell. \"Aw, dear that's very kind of you; I bet she really enjoyed that.\" She seemed thrilled, it was now or never. \"So, Madame if it isn't a problem, I would like Isabelle to spend tomorrow, her birthday, with me. We had so much fun today I figured we could do it all over again. I could bring her to the park and take her to the movies. And maybe, if you would be so kind, as to, let her stay the night? We could go stargazing….\" His voice trailed off. He stood there, his eyes wandering. Mama Jeanne was so fond of him. He seemed to have the same wild brain she always remembered and adored. It was running a mile a minute, and she could tell he was excited. \"Very well. If it is alright with her, it is alright with me.\" Hugo's grin stretched ear to ear. \"Oh thank you Madame! Thank you ever so!\" and with that he raced out the door and back to the train station. -X- Isabelle, half awake, heard the door slam from downstairs. She had heard her Mama Jeanne's voice trailing down the hallway, but she wasn't paying attention. She was replaying the day over and over in her head. From his face in the clock, to the tunnels and the blindfold. The cake, the cuddling. It was a vulnerable side of Hugo she rarely saw, so genuine and innocent. She longed for more of him. It took all she had not to jump out of bed and race to the station. She longed for him to be there in bed with her. Someone warm and cozy to talk to. She remembered how soft his sweater was as she rested her cheek on his chest. The fire had felt so warm, and so did Hugo. She had heard him mumbling but was too tired to listen. The next thing she remembered was coming to, as she was lifted off his lap and being walked home. Everything was blurred. She wanted everyday to be as sweet, care-free and fun. Her birthday was tomorrow and all she could think about was spending another day with Hugo. If she could she definitely would. She drifted into dreams, smiling in her sleep. -X- The next morning there was a muffled knock on her door. Mama Jeanne was there holding cards and a pastry. \"Happy birthday sweetheart!\" she sang. \"Papa couldn't be here because he had business at the toy shop. But I know he wishes you the best.\" Isabelle smiled as Mama took a seat at the foot of her bed. \"Now,\" Mama started, \"I think you will enjoy what I'm going to tell you. Hugo has proposed that you spend the day with him, since you had such fun yesterday. He is such a sweet boy, Isabelle, and a good friend to you, like a brother. You must be thankful.\" She began to pack Isabelle's day bag, a winter dress, socks and a nightgown. Nightgown? An hour later, Isabelle kissed her godmother goodbye, and headed for the station. When she arrived she looked up toward the north clock. He wasn't there. Not at the east, south, or west clock either. Then she noticed him, leaning against the wall near the secret entrance to his loft. She walked over stiffly, nervously. He greeted her with a pleasant smile and took her bag, hiding it behind a potted tree near the entrance way. \"So what are we doing today Hugo?\" she asked curiously. \"I am a boy of many surprises. Come on!\" he laughed. He interlocked his fingers with hers, guiding her out of the station and into the cold morning. Paris was beautiful in the morning. They passed Notre Dame, and the Seine, they had to have walked more than 20 blocks. They stopped about an hour later, when they came across a small meadow. There sat a lonely swing set, a slide, and a see-saw. \"My dad used to take me here when I was little. Besides my home in the walls, it's my favorite place to be.\" He smiled at her. As they sat on the see-saw, they began to rock. Back and forth, for a long time, and all they could do was look at each other, falling into hysterics. Isabelle couldn't remember the last time she had had so much fun. She felt so free, like she was flying. The rest of her day, her heart soared. Hugo took her to the cinema to see the newest silent film about a large boat being shipwrecked on an island. \"This will be an adventure we must try!\" She exclaimed, watching him smile at the thought. He took her to the corner candy store, even the library, where he read her some of the Jungle Book. The sun began to set over the river, the clock tower casting a shadow over the town. They headed to his loft, grabbing her bag on the way. Through the countless tunnels they wandered, his arm wrapped around her waist. His room was dimly lit from the setting sun. A picnic basket sat in the corner, along with a tea canister. He led her toward the back of the room behind the clock. She knew there had always been a door there but had never discovered what was behind it. A set of stairs. Up they went. Next thing she knew they were on the roof. He set up a dinner of croissants and tea and handed her a white rose. It was the most beautiful thing she had ever seen, and the dinner was delicious. The stars were beginning to come out. She yawned, for it had been a long and exhausting day. Hugo packed up and they headed back into the room. \"I also have another surprise for you.\" He stuttered. \"How many more surprises can you possibly have?\" \"Just one more. Madame Jeanne gave you permission to spend the night with me.\" So that's why Mama packed her a nightgown. She grabbed it and ran back through the tunnels toward the tool closet. She rushed to change, and plumped her hair. She was so excited she could scream. She raced back to the room. She stepped in and set her bag aside. Turning the corner, she halted. There was Hugo, about to put on a nightshirt. She studied him closely. She had never really seen his bare skin before. He had grown up so much so fast. He now had muscles and his pale skin shown in the moonlight. She was enticed. He paused, noticing her presence. Startled, he slipped on his nightshirt, blushing heavily. The bed had been unmade and he gestured to it. She climbed in, feeling snug in his soft wool sheets. He stumbled to the armchair and stared out the window. The wind blew through the loft, making Isabelle shiver. Hugo got up and began to make another waste-bin fire. \"No need, don't waste your matches. I'd feel much better if you didn't light a fire tonight.\" She patted what was left of the empty bed next to her. He crawled in beside her, draping the covers over them. He stared at her face, her every feature, like it was the last time he would ever see it, and burned to image into his mind. He brought his face close to hers. She didn't move away. \"Hugo, this was the best birthday I could have ever wished for. Thank you.\" \"There are other ways to thank me you know.\" He said slyly. She suddenly wasn't afraid anymore. He was making it clear that he loved and respected her as much as she did him. She let him lean in to kiss her, and she kissed back, hard. She became engrossed, obsessed. This new feeling of being completely vulnerable and unconditionally in love intoxicated her very being. Overwhelmed, she pulled him on top of her, tugging at his nightshirt. Without thinking, he pulled it off, letting her trace the contours of his chest and stomach. His milky skin glistened in the moonlight, his radiant blue eyes twinkling. She sat up, running her hands through his matted black hair. She had finally given in, and she was glad. She pulled him nearer to her, just enough for her lips to graze his. He places his hands on her cheeks then began to run down her back and toward her hips. He pressed her down, and slowly broke away. He looked down at her blushing face, and she looked up at his. She could see her smile in his eyes reflected back at her. He collapsed beside her, rolling over to face her. He pecked her on the lips, the nose, and last the forehead. She giggled and rested her body into his, her head on his shoulder, letting her hands dance across his bare arms and torso. He played with her hair, letting each golden strand slip through his fingers. \"Happy birthday Is. I like you. I love you. I always have, since the day we met you fascinated me. You're like my sister, my bestfriend and my companion all in one. You're my loyal adventurer. I don't know what would have happened to me if you hadn't helped me. I don't know what I'd do without you. You came to me what I needed you as a friend and you helped me. And I'm thankful for you.\" She smiled, as he wrapped his arms around her, resting his head atop hers. He shut his eyes. The last words he heard before he found sleep, \"I love you Hugo Cabret.\" ","Summary":" Isabelle sat there, listening intently to Papa George bicker with his wife, Mama. Isabelle's 18th b"},{"Movie":"Hugo","Title":"Montparnasse","Author":"Aka-tan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8121297","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Comment en suis-je venue à faire une fanfiction d'un film qui, au départ, ne m'avait pas spécialement plu ? C'est une longue histoire xD En fait, en voyant le film, je me disais que c'était un film lourd, niais, pour les enfants, donneur de leçons... Mais en sortant du ciné, l'image de mon petit Inspecteur Gustave me trottait dans la tête. Et, petite précision : mon cerveau s'attache trop rapidement aux personnages secondaires. En enregistrant les détails concernant le personnage, je me suis mise à dresser tout un portrait psychologique du chef de gare et à penser à son passé... Et je l'aime, dieu que je l'aime, ce Gustave ! Je me devais de lui rendre hommage en écrivant cet OS. Précision: La fanfic s'éloigne du film. Je suis restée fidèle, je le crois, aux détails concernant l'inspecteur, mais j'ai effacé les personnages secondaires comme Monsieur Frick, madame Emilie. Je considère que le père de Hugo n'est pas mort et donc qu'il ne traîne pas dans la gare. En revanche, Claude Cabret, l'oncle alcoolique et horloger, est là, et bien sûr, mademoiselle Lisette ! :3 Montparnasse Gare Montparnasse, novembre 1924. L'aube vient à peine de poindre, et déjà, tous s'affairent dans les allées mal éclairées de la station. Le marchand de journaux ouvre son kiosque, les serveurs prennent les premières commandes, les cheminots se préparent au voyage. Certains trains sont déjà partis depuis quelques minutes, d'autres viennent d'arriver. Une famille arrive, la mère tenant ses deux enfants par la main. Chacun affiche un air émerveillé. C'est leur premier voyage, tout est nouveau, tout est magique. Pour lui, ce n'était que la routine. L'inspecteur Gustave, chef de gare et ancien soldat lors de la grande guerre, ne vivait, un peu malgré lui, que pour le bon fonctionnement de sa station. Il se levait chaque matin avant tout le monde, pour être partout à la fois, et à la disposition de n'importe qui. Avec ça, il se devait de garder un œil attentif sur les enfants qui vagabondaient dans tout le bâtiment, pour éviter qu'ils tombent sur les rails ou ne volent quelque chose. Mais pour lui, le plus important, c'était d'être à son poste favori, devant le café de la gare, à six heures et demie du matin. C'était de là qu'il pouvait admirer, chaque jour, la venue de Mademoiselle Lisette, la fleuriste. Tous les matins, elle venait réapprovisionner le stock de fleurs, et, tous les matins, Gustave n'osait même pas lui adresser la parole. Il se contentait d'observer de loin, du coin de l'œil, faisant mine d'examiner le départ et l'arrivée des trains. Il avait toute la journée pour faire ça ! Alors qu'il n'y avait que très tôt le matin et en fin de journée qu'il ne pouvait l'apercevoir, elle, ses fleurs, et son sourire. Pour rien au monde il ne manquerait ce rendez-vous tacite avec sa bien-aimée, qu'il courtisait en secret depuis maintenant 3 ans. Ce matin-là avait commencé comme les autres. Il s'était levé avant l'aube, s'était préparé, avait nourri Maximilien, son chien, et s'était dès lors attelé à son travail. Maximilien… C'était la « personne » avec qui il passait le plus de temps… et, en réalité, son seul ami. Gustave était de toute manière un homme ayant besoin d'avoir un ami fidèle, compatissant, et surtout, silencieux. Maximilien l'était. Un chien ne peut pas contester les paroles de son maître, ni répliquer, sauf par quelque aboiement. Les aboiements, ça ne le dérangeait pas. Gustave n'aimait pas qu'on lui prouve qu'il ait tort, or un chien n'avait pas ce pouvoir. De toute manière, même s'il le souhaitait, l'inspecteur ne pourrait avoir aucun autre ami. Il passait la majorité de son temps à bouger, et n'avait vraiment aucune minute pour lui. C'était aussi ce qui le retenait d'adresser la parole à Lisette, même pour seulement lui souhaiter le bonjour. Sur sa montre à gousset, il était affiché six heures. Il passa devant la grande horloge de la gare, celle sur laquelle toutes les autres étaient censées se régler. Six heures. Cet ivrogne de Claude Cabret avait bien fait son travail, pour une fois. Cet empoté n'était jamais fichu de faire quelque chose de bien. Il était saoul du soir au matin et ça n'étonnerait personne qu'il tombe un jour de la cabine de réglage. Bien entendu, Gustave pouvait le renvoyer, mais la gare était la seule maison de ce misérable. En tant qu'inspecteur de police – c'était, au fond, ça, son vrai métier – il ne pouvait pas se permettre de mettre quelqu'un à la rue. Dans le cas de Cabret, ça se résumait à ça. Et puis, changer le personnel impliquerait trop de bouleversements. Au final, on s'y faisait, à la routine, et Gustave n'avait vraiment pas la tête à ça. Surtout qu'il était bientôt son heure, celle où il se devait d'être à la bonne place, sans quoi une violente mauvaise humeur l'inonderait toute la journée. Il s'arrêta à la « terrasse » du café de la gare. Terrasse couverte, donc, par le toit de la station qui surplombait tout de plusieurs mètres. Il commanda un café, comme d'habitude, et attendit, le dos calé contre la paroi du bistrot. Il sorti une pomme de l'intérieur de son uniforme et la posa sur la table se trouvant à côté de lui, pour la garder pour plus tard. Un froissement de tissu attira son oreille. Il guettait l'arrivée de Lisette avec impatience, ce n'était plus qu'une question de minutes. Mais ce bruit, bien qu'infime, lui donnait l'impression de ne pas être normal. Il se tourna vers la table et put constater que sa pomme avait disparu. Gustave vit alors une chaussure dépasser d'une armoire où était rangée la verrerie. Il s'approcha lentement, et découvrit une jeune fille recroquevillée sur elle-même, s'efforçant de mâcher le plus silencieusement possible la pomme qu'elle tenait entre les mains. Elle leva ses grands yeux bleus sur lui, les écarquilla, et s'enfuit aussitôt. - Maximilien ! Rattrape-la ! Il lâcha la laisse de son fidèle compagnon et le laissa pourchasser la voleuse. Cela ne mit pas beaucoup de temps, contrairement aux enfants plus jeunes et plus chétifs. Ceux-là pouvaient se cacher dans les moindres recoins. Elle, c'était une adolescente élancée, elle devait faire seulement 2 ou 3 centimètres de moins que lui (il n'était pas grand). Maximilien lui aboyait dessus, mais elle ne se défilait pas. Elle était juste prise au piège dans une impasse. Gustave arriva et l'attrapa par le col. - Ca t'amuse de voler la nourriture des autres, petite ? - Hé ! 'Chuis pas petite ! - Réponds-moi. - C'pas une pomme qui va vous affamer. Moi, j'ai rien bouffé depuis trois jours, donc une pomme c'est déjà de la haute gastronomie. - Serais-tu en train de me dire que tes parents te délaissent ? - Faudrait déjà que j'en aie ! Gustave était partagé entre plusieurs sentiments. Ce genre de cas, il en avait déjà rencontré des dizaines. Des enfants orphelins, qui vivaient à la rue et ne trouvaient rien de mieux à faire que voler. Lui, il les repérait et les envoyait à l'orphelinat. Mais cette fille… c'était la première fois qu'on lui répondait comme ça. Elle était sans doute la plus âgée de ses « victimes » et avait donc une plus grande répartie et un plus grand mépris des adultes, mais il y avait autre chose également. Pour une vagabonde, elle parlait d'une manière plutôt posée, malgré la frustration évidente qu'elle ressentait. Il se devait tout de même de faire son métier. À cause d'elle, en plus, il n'allait pas pouvoir admirer sa belle. Il allait être sans pitié. - Donc tu n'as pas de parents, vis à la rue, et voles ! Très bien. Encore une candidate à l'orphelinat, dit-il en la traînant jusqu'à son office. Elle se débattait comme un diable mais il tenait bon. Hors de question de la laisser s'enfuir. Elle n'avait rien à voir avec les jeunes filles de son âge : elle portait un pantalon, avait les cheveux emmêlés, sales, le regard dur et la musculature bien plus marquée, sans être forte pour autant. La jeune fille était très maigre mais ne paraissait pas pitoyable. Malgré son état, elle avait l'air en pleine forme. Gustave la poussa dans l'une des cellules de son bureau. Il ferma le verrou et elle se jeta contre les barreaux. - Vous ne pouvez pas m'enfermer ! J'ai pas vraiment commis un crime ! - On commence par une pomme et on finit par de l'argent… - J'ai déjà volé pire que ça. - Je ne m'en vanterais pas à ta place. - Vous croyez sincèrement que j'ai envie de voler ? Qui aurait envie de passer sa vie dans la fraude ? Si je pouvais, je ferais autrement, seulement… 'Peux pas. - Va dire ça à tous tes petits camarades. Tu les connais sûrement, ce sont aussi des enfants voleurs, orphelins, qui, au lieu de demander de l'aide, volent. Et ils appellent ça la liberté… - Ouais, bah, là, pour moi, la liberté serait que vous me sortiez de cette cellule. Donc, s'il vous plaît… - Il n'en est pas question. Tu vas finir à l'orphelinat. Là-bas, on t'apprendra ce qu'est la vraie vie ! Tu recevras une éducation rude, stricte, mais juste. Tu vas vite comprendre que la vie ne se résume pas qu'à se servir dans l'assiette des autres. - Ben tiens… Ca donne vachement envie d'y aller. Vous comprenez pourquoi je préfère la rue ? Puisque je vous le dis que je n'aime pas voler ! - Tu viens pourtant de le faire. Et même si la vie en pensionnat n'est pas agréable, jeune fille, sache que c'est ainsi que l'on devient un bon citoyen, une bonne personne. Ce sont eux qui m'ont insufflé cette envie d'être officier, de faire en sorte que chacun se sente bien ici. Ce sont eux qui m'ont enseigné les vraies valeurs de la vie. - Magnifique. J'ai compris. Mais j'en veux pas, moi, des vraies valeurs de la vie. J'en apprends plus en me débrouillant seule dehors qu'en étant enfermée là-bas. Sortez-moi de là ! s'époumona-t-elle. Gustave ne dit plus rien. Tergiverser était vain, aucun des deux ne céderait. Et comme c'était lui qui avait l'autorité sur elle, il devait agir et mettre un terme au débat. Il secoua négativement la tête, et se retourna pour rejoindre son bureau. Seulement, après quelques pas, ce qu'il redoutait le plus arriva. Sa jambe. Cette maudite jambe gauche blessée par balle, sept ans plus tôt. Afin qu'il puisse marcher, un système mécanique l'encadrait et l'aidait à bouger. Malheureusement, il n'était pas infaillible et se bloquait assez souvent, et, comme par hasard, toujours dans les moments délicats. Là, en l'occurrence. L'inspecteur sentit ses muscles se raidir, et poussa un soupir d'exaspération. Pourquoi ? Pourquoi fallait-il que cela arrive à ce moment-là ? En deux secondes, il avait sans doute perdu toute crédibilité face à la jeune fille enfermée dans la cellule. Lentement, il débloqua son attelle. Il n'osait même pas se retourner. Il se sentait ridicule, honteux, mais ne bougea pas. Puis il entendit un petit « Oh… » tremblant venant de la cellule. - C'est… Vous êtes tellement adorable ! - Ne te moque pas de moi. Ne me parle pas comme ça, je… - Je suis sérieuse. Croyez-moi. Si vous saviez… J'admire tellement les gens qui font votre métier ! Sans vous, nous sommes perdus. - Que c'est ironique. Une vagabonde qui dit de telles choses ! L'adolescente poussa à son tour un profond soupir d'exaspération. Elle se mordit la lèvre inférieure, eut un temps de réflexion, puis glissa son poing gauche hors des barreaux. Elle désigna de son autre main une petite excroissance sur son majeur. - Vous voyez, ça ? Cette bosse, c'est la preuve que je ne compte pas finir comme mes amis vagabonds. Pour eux, la vie, c'est faire ce qu'ils veulent. Ne respecter aucune autre loi que les leurs. Se servir lorsque les autres attendent et travaillent. Ils sont adultes, pourtant. Ils pourraient se tirer de là, mais ils s'y opposent. Alors que moi, à demi-élevée par eux, j'ai cette envie de découvrir de nouvelles choses, de ne pas m'abaisser à être une voleuse, tout en restant dans la rue, avec eux. Seulement, je veux écrire. Je veux vivre de ça, je veux faire rêver les gens. Mes parents étaient des gens très instruits, et dès mon plus jeune âge, ils me lisaient les grands auteurs. Quand j'ai été en âge d'apprendre à lire, ils m'ont appris. Pareil pour l'écriture. Alors, une fois seule, sans domicile, j'ai volé. Oui, j'ai volé, mais des livres, des plumes, des encriers, du papier. Et j'ai écrit. Très mal, au début, puis mieux. Mais personne, parmi mes amis, ne pouvait me lire. Jamais personne ne leur avait appris. Alors j'ai essayé de vendre quelques poèmes, quelques courts textes que j'avais écrits. Les gens ne les achetaient pas, ou alors pour très peu cher. Donc évidemment, j'ai continué à voler. Mais dès aujourd'hui, et pour vous, j'arrête. Je jure que, plus jamais, je ne prendrai quelque chose sans le payer. Elle se tut. Pendant sa tirade, Gustave l'avait regardée sans ciller, impassible. Il ne savait vraiment pas ce qu'il fallait penser de tout ça. Pourquoi cette fille voulait-elle malgré tout rester dans la rue, sans foyer ? Elle risquait sa vie chaque jour, chaque nuit, en dormant par terre. Elle était la proie des maladies, des hommes mal intentionnés, du froid, des bêtes… Cette fille vivait dans l'inconfort total, mais elle s'y sentait bien. Elle avait fait de la rue son univers, son royaume, et ne voulait pas que ça change, du moins pour l'instant. Mais lui, en tant que représentant de la loi, il ne pouvait pas la laisser, même si elle le suppliait, même si elle avait juré qu'elle ne volerait plus. Il sentait bien le regard glacé que lui portait la jeune fille. Elle l'analysait de long en large, il avait l'impression qu'elle pouvait lire en lui comme dans un livre… Les livres qui lui étaient si chers. C'était pour cette raison qu'elle parlait d'une manière si différente que celle des autres clochards. Elle devait sans doute être la plus instruite de tous. Elle mériterait vraiment une chance de recevoir une meilleure éducation et de meilleurs soins. - C'est bon ? Vous êtes convaincu ? Laissez-moi repartir. - Tu sais très bien que je ne le peux pas. C'est immoral. - Je vous garantis que l'on peut très bien vivre dans la rue, si l'on trouve ce dont on a besoin. Je vais écrire, écrire, écrire, et on m'achètera mes textes ! Et je pourrai me payer chaque jour du pain. J'ai survécu déjà sept ans dans les bas-fonds, je peux très bien m'en sortir pendant sept ans encore, quand je serai majeure. Je vous rendrai honneur, Inspecteur. Vous, et votre courage quant à cette jambe, cette vraie jambe de soldat qui prouve que vous vous êtes battu pour votre pays. Vous êtes admirable. Après tout ça, il était très difficile de lui refuser quoi que ce soit. Il prit sur lui, et réfléchit encore énormément avant de prononcer cette phrase : - Très bien, tu as gagné. Tu es libre. Mais tu as intérêt à tenir ta promesse. Si je t'y retrouve à essayer de voler, même si c'est une pomme, même si c'est un beignet, même si c'est la chose la plus insignifiante et sans valeur au monde, il ne te sera plus utile de négocier. Je serai impartial. - Merci ! Merci beaucoup Inspecteur ! Il ouvrit sa cellule, se fustigeant mentalement, et la laissa s'en aller. Elle partit en courant, ce qui n'était déjà pas bon signe. Personne ne saurait qu'il avait un peu dérogé aux règles, c'était au moins ça. Ce fut à son tour de courir, en voyant l'heure. Avec un peu de chance, il verrait Mademoiselle Lisette. Il n'eut pas de chance. Déjà, pendant sa course, son attelle mécanique s'était à nouveau bloquée, manquant de le faire tomber (heureusement, devant un seul témoin, le vendeur de journaux), et, une fois devant le café, il était trop tard. Les fleurs étaient là, toutes belles, toutes neuves. Déjà les amoureux transis venaient en acheter pour leur belle. Gustave, lui, ne pouvait pas en offrir à Lisette. Elle en voyait tous les jours, des fleurs, elle devait sans doute en avoir marre. Et, de toute façon, le jour où il ferait ce genre d'attention n'était pas près d'arriver. Il faudrait déjà oser lui parler. Cette journée avait commencé très mal. Et toutes les personnes ayant parlé à l'Inspecteur Gustave ce jour-là avaient pu constater sa mauvaise humeur. Le lendemain, il refit le même cirque que la veille. Se lever, se préparer, nourrir le chien, commencer son travail. C'était mécanique. Un vrai automate. Il ne devait pas manquer son rendez-vous, pas une seconde fois. Six heures et quart. Il était à son poste. Il demanda un café, sortit une pomme – qu'il n'avait pas mangée hier, il était trop énervé – et attendit. Ce quart d'heure lui parut une éternité. Et puis elle arriva. Elle était belle, plus belle que jamais (sans doute l'effet de ne pas l'avoir vue l'espace d'un jour). Et, bien sûr, il ne pouvait se résoudre à aller la voir. Elle ne le voyait même pas, et pourtant, elle n'était pas bien loin. Il était tellement insignifiant, faisait tellement partie du décor, qu'il en était devenu invisible. Mademoiselle Lisette arrangea des bouquets de fleurs, les disposa joliment, puis s'en alla, saluant la vendeuse. Gustave n'avait jamais compris pourquoi Lisette ne vendait-elle pas également les fleurs, au lieu de seulement les livrer. Peut-être un manque de temps. Du moins, cet instant, bien que très bref, était le meilleur de la journée. - Bon, la prochaine fois, vous irez lui parler ! s'exclama une voix familière à ses côtés. L'inspecteur sentit son sang bouillonner. Il reconnaissait cette voix. Ce qu'elle pouvait être insolente ! La veille, elle lui avait gâché sa journée, et à présent, elle faisait de l'ironie ! Il se tourna vers elle, les dents serrées, les yeux écarquillés. C'était bien elle. L'adolescente d'hier, avec ses cheveux blonds emmêlés, ses grands yeux bleus, et son regard satisfait, se tenait contre la paroi du bistrot, un café à la main. Elle en but une gorgée et s'empressa d'ajouter : - Il suffit de vous observer deux secondes pour voir que vous l'aimez, Inspecteur. C'est drôle qu'elle ne l'ait pas encore remarqué. - Hilarant, en effet, marmonna-t-il. Attends un peu… Qu'est-ce que tu fais là ? C'est tellement impertinent de te trouver là, au lendemain même de ce qui t'es arrivé hier ! À ta place j'aurais tout fait pour ne pas me recroiser ! - Oh là là ! J'ai cru qu'on se quittait bons amis ! - Tu vas payer ton café, j'espère ? demanda Gustave, l'œil inquisiteur. - J'ai dit de le mettre sur votre ardoise. - Comment ? Mais de quel droit tu… - Du calme, Inspecteur. Je l'ai payé. C'était pour détendre l'atmosphère. - Très réussi, en tout cas. Je suis tout de suite plus détendu. Maintenant, si tu permets, je travaille. Il se détourna et reporta son attention sur les voies ferrées. Normalement, un train devrait arriver dans les minutes qui suivaient, et un autre devait partir dans un quart d'heure. Il devait s'assurer que tout se passait comme prévu. - Ca se voit. Vous êtes très occupé, dit la jeune fille, ironiquement. - Tu es encore là, répondit Gustave sans quitter les rails des yeux. - Oui. Par contre, vous ne vous demandez pas pourquoi. - En effet, et pour la bonne raison que… ça ne m'intéresse pas. Je trouve juste que tu as énormément de culot. - Si je reste, commença-t-elle sans prêter attention à la réplique de l'inspecteur, c'est parce que vous me plaisez bien ! Vous avez déjà oublié tout ce que j'ai dit hier ? C'était pas des compliments en l'air ! J'admire vraiment votre métier ! Et vous, avec votre blessure… La jeune fille perçut le regard cuisant que l'inspecteur lui lança, et se tut. Manifestement, il n'aimait pas revenir sur ce sujet. Elle se sentit un peu gênée un instant, puis repris son attitude initiale. Elle finit son café, le posa bruyamment sur une table, et salua le chef de gare. Elle s'en alla, sans dire où, laissant Gustave seul, partagé entre deux émotions. De la joie, celle d'avoir vu Lisette, et de la colère, due à la venue de l'adolescente. Un autre jour. Jamais différent. Toujours les mêmes gestes, répétés quasi à l'identique depuis des années, chaque matin. Et depuis deux ans, aucune agitation. La gare n'avait jamais été aussi calme. Cette monotonie commençait peut-être à l'agacer. Après la guerre, il n'avait plus pu exercer son métier d'officier, à cause de sa blessure. Pour garder à peu près les mêmes fonctions, il avait été contraint à devenir chef de gare. Pas tout de suite, évidemment. Au début, il était sous les ordres de ce dernier, mais peu à peu, il avait pris les commandes. C'était le seul moyen de ne pas se dépayser de son ancienne profession, si chère à son cœur. Bientôt l'Heure. Ca, il ne s'en lasserait jamais. La gare avait beau s'endormir peu à peu, plongeant le personnel dans un ennui mortel, Gustave, lui, restera toujours éveillé. Mademoiselle Lisette attisait la flamme de son cœur chaque jour un peu plus, rien que par sa présence. Il arriva à son poste habituel, s'adossa à la façade du café, et attendit. Maximilien s'assit, prenant les habitudes de son maître. Une serveuse arriva, connaissant les horaires de l'inspecteur presque par cœur, et se pencha légèrement, attendant la commande. Elle était sûre de ce qu'il allait prendre, mais c'était l'usage. - Un café, demanda-t-il comme un automate. - Deux, s'il vous plaît, ajouta une voix féminine. La serveuse acquiesça et retourna dans le bistrot. Les deux clients, quant à eux, échangèrent un regard entendu. L'un avait l'air grave, l'autre souriait. - J'imagine que tu comptes encore sur moi pour te le payer ? - Hé ! C'était convenu entre nous ! Depuis le temps que je viens ici chaque jour ! répliqua l'adolescente. - À peine une semaine et demie, marmonna Gustave. Et je ne sais même pas ton nom ! - Je ne sais pas le vôtre non plus, Inspecteur . La jeune fille croisa les bras, affichant son habituel sourire satisfait. L'inspecteur, quant à lui, soupira légèrement. Cette petite avait vraiment un de ces culots ! Parfois, il regrettait vraiment d'avoir dérogé aux règles et de ne pas l'avoir envoyée à l'orphelinat. Quant à elle, elle se contentait de venir l'assister chaque jour, le forçant à la supporter pendant des heures, puis repartait comme elle était venue. Gustave n'avait pas la force de l'obliger à partir. Tant qu'elle ne l'empêchait pas d'exercer sa fonction – presque inutile, ces temps-ci – elle ne lui posait pas de vrais problèmes. - C'était une manière de vous le demander, dit-elle d'un ton de reproche. - Pardon ? questionna Gustave, tiré de ses pensées. - Votre nom ! - Gustave. - Comme Flaubert ! s'exclama l'adolescente. L'inspecteur écarquilla les yeux. La petite avait une culture manifestement bien plus étendue que la majorité des clochards des rues de Paris, c'en était presque effrayant. Il haussa un sourcil et marmonna : - Oui, comme Eiffel aussi… La jeune fille ne répondit rien. Gustave sentait juste son regard azur fixé sur lui. Il n'allait pas supporter ça très longtemps, et d'ailleurs, même si cela ne faisait qu'une semaine qu'il la côtoyait, il commençait à la connaître… Et quand elle le fixait sans rien dire, ça signifiait qu'elle attendait quelque chose de lui. - Quoi ? demanda-t-il en se tournant vivement vers elle. - Quoi, quoi ? Oh ! C'est dingue, ça ! Vous commencez à comprendre comment je fonctionne ! Bref… J'attends que vous me demandiez mon nom. - Si tu l'attends, pourquoi ne le dis-tu pas simplement ? Elle ne répondit rien. Les lèvres pincées, le regard fuyant, elle attendait. - Tu n'es pas possible… Comment t'appelles-tu ? se résigna-t-il. - Armande, puisque vous y tenez ! répondit joyeusement l'adolescente. Au fait, quelle heure est-il ? L'inspecteur regarda sa montre à gousset. Six heures vingt-cinq. Dans quelques minutes, Lisette allait arriver. Il ne fallait plus qu'il se laisse déconcentrer. - Six heures vingt-cinq. - Ca ne veut rien dire pour moi, en fait. On ne m'a jamais appris à lire l'heure, par contre. En vrai, j'voulais vous demander si c'était bientôt le moment où elle arrivait. - Ca ne te regarde pas vraiment, je crois. - Vous êtes stupide. Vous pourriez me demander de l'aide. - Toi, tu t'y connais en… ça ? - Quoi ça ? demanda Armande avec malice. - Rien, rien… Les cinq minutes suivantes se passèrent dans le silence. Gustave sentit son cœur accélérer quand les aiguilles des heures et des minutes ne firent plus qu'une, pointant le six. Quelques secondes à peine plus tard, la jeune femme arriva, et commença aussitôt son travail. Armande observa l'inspecteur. Elle remarqua la même petite étincelle dans son regard qu'il avait eue la première fois qu'elle l'avait vu regarder sa belle. C'était évident qu'il l'aimait plus que quiconque, mais il ne faisait rien pour se rapprocher d'elle ! D'autant plus que son amour ne devait pas dater de la veille… Cela faisait sans doute des années qu'il la convoitait mais jamais il n'avait daigné lui parler. Il était temps que ça change. - Pourquoi n'allez-vous pas lui parler ? risqua-t-elle. - Je déteste que l'on me dérange pendant cet instant… répondit Gustave entre ses dents. - D'accord, mais ça ne répond pas à ma question, je crois. - Tu es infatigable ! - Allez lui parler. Vous n'avez rien à perdre. - Oh si, j'ai tout à y perdre. Et qui voudrait de quelqu'un comme moi ? - Ca y est, le numéro de la pauvre victime. Croyez-moi, les femmes aiment les hommes en uniforme. Allez-y. - Et ça, alors ? dit-il en pointant sa blessure du doigt, sans quitter Lisette des yeux. Armande soupira. Elle ne pouvait rien y faire. Une autre fois, peut-être, arriverait-elle à le convaincre, mais pour le moment, il n'était pas près. Chaque après-midi, Armande s'en allait, sans vraiment saluer l'inspecteur. À peine avait-elle quitté le hall de la gare qu'elle s'efforçait de ne plus penser à Gustave. Elle devait dissocier sa vie dans la gare et celle dans la rue. Depuis la semaine dernière, elle avait pris l'habitude de venir voir ce pauvre inspecteur Gustave, seul et oublié de tous. Quand elle avait mis les pieds dans la gare, ce jour-là, elle n'aurait pas imaginé une seconde y retourner pour les mêmes raisons qu'à ce jour. Elle avait faim, et s'était dit qu'à la gare il y aurait forcément à manger. Par chance, dès son arrivée, elle avait repéré le chef de gare et sa pomme posée non loin de lui. Seulement, elle s'était fait repérer et cela avait engendré sa longue discussion avec l'inspecteur. Au tout début, elle l'avait haï. Puis elle s'était rappelé son admiration pour les gens exerçant son métier, et avait remarqué la détermination dont cet homme faisait preuve. Enfin, quand elle eut vu la blessure du policier, elle ne put que se persuader que cet homme était quelqu'un de formidable. C'était pour cette raison que, dès le lendemain, elle était retournée le voir. Elle était désormais infatigable, comme Gustave le disait si bien. Armande savait que, parfois, elle l'énervait, mais elle savait bien qu'au fond, s'il la détestait vraiment, il la forcerait à partir. Grâce à lui, elle avait droit à un café matinal gratuit, sans pour autant voler. Ce genre de petites astuces lui était très précieux, dans sa situation. On l'appelait la Poète, chez les vagabonds. Elle était connue de tous les clochards des alentours de Montparnasse, non seulement car elle était la seule jeune fille, mais aussi car elle était l'une des seules à savoir lire et écrire. De plus, elle avait un véritable don pour cela. Ce surnom lui était dû à ça, mais également à sa façon de voler. Comme elle était adolescente, ses mouvements étaient plus fluides et gracieux que ceux des vieux ivrognes des rues. Armande était aussi considérée comme la petite sœur de son groupe. En effet, dans les quartiers, on distinguait plusieurs groupes de vagabonds, et le sien lui était très cher. Ils étaient sa famille de cœur, ceux qui l'avaient en partie élevée, et malgré tout ce que la société pouvait cracher sur eux chaque jour, elle leur trouvait parfois beaucoup plus de qualités que certains de la haute bourgeoisie. Ses amis savaient qu'elle allait à la gare, chaque jour, et qu'elle avait juré de ne plus rien volé. Elle avait jusque-là tenu sa promesse, mais elle était fraîche. Armande elle-même ne savait pas si elle allait la tenir. Il le fallait, pourtant. Pour Gustave, il le fallait. Elle tenait vraiment à cet homme, sans en être amoureuse – sûrement pas – et ne voulait surtout pas le décevoir… même s'il l'ignorait. Elle pourrait parfaitement profiter du lien qu'elle était en train de tisser avec l'inspecteur. Elle pourrait lui demander de la nourrir, de l'héberger, de la sortir de sa situation, mais elle ne demandait pas ça. Tout ce qu'elle voulait, c'était sa compagnie, passer du bon temps, le taquiner, l'aider à séduire la fleuriste. Elle ne pouvait se résoudre à quitter son vrai lieu de vie : le quartier de Montparnasse. Ce n'était pas confortable, pas sécurisé, elle risquait de mourir du jour au lendemain, mais elle vivait là, et aimait cette vie. - La Poète, m'sieurs ! s'écria la voix sonore de Jean, l'un des plus âgés du groupe d'Armande. - Toujours à fricoter avec l'Inspecteur ? - Ta gueule, Léon, répliqua Armande avec un sourire, puis elle ajouta pour tous : Ca va ? On lui répondit bruyamment. La plupart sentait l'alcool à plusieurs mètres, mais elle s'était habituée. Elle, elle en buvait occasionnellement, pour se tenir chaud lors des périodes difficiles – l'hiver arrivait à grands pas – ou pendant les fêtes. Dans les groupes de vagabonds, on fêtait rarement en même temps que les citoyens. Noël et Pâques étaient quasiment haïs, mais les groupes organisaient régulièrement des fêtes à eux, données à de différentes occasions. Certains jouaient de la musique pendant que d'autres dansaient. C'était l'occasion pour Armande de subir des gestes malvenus de la part des jeunes de 16-20 ans, qui venaient d'arriver dans le groupe et ne la considéraient surtout pas comme sa sœur. La jeune fille était cependant catégorique : personne ne l'avait touchée depuis son arrivée dans les rues, et personne ne la touchera sans qu'elle le veuille. Elle était peut-être la seule fille, elle n'en serait pas pour autant leur jouet. - Bientôt Noël, marmonna justement Louis, l'un des vagabonds. - On s'en fout, répliqua un autre. Tu parles d'un Noël, encore un passé dans le froid. - Arrêtez un peu de vous plaindre et venez avec moi ! Y'a un marché pas loin, on s'fera des provisions ! Tous se retournèrent. Cette voix était jeune et sauvage, on l'entendait rarement. Armande la reconnaîtrait entre mille. C'était celle d'Alban, dit l'Éclair, un jeune de 17 ans. Il ne respectait rien ni personne, et, comme son surnom l'indiquait, était d'une rapidité étonnante. Armande l'aimait beaucoup, peut-être plus que quiconque, mais depuis un petit moment, elle était contre ses méthodes. À son âge, il pourrait très bien chercher un métier, au lieu de passer sa vie à resquiller. Mais non lui faisait partie de ceux qui pensaient que la vie, c'était n'être soumis à aucune contrainte. C'était décevant. Armande était sûre que le jeune homme pourrait avoir un excellent avenir. - Bonjour Madame ! Excusez-moi de vous déranger, mais seriez-vous intéressée par… D'accord. - Excusez-moi Monsieur, pourriez-vous m'accorder deux minutes ? Non, très bien, bonne journée… - Madame, excusez-moi… Voilà, j'écris des poèmes, des nouvelles, et j'essaie de les vendre pour gagner un peu d'arg… Très bien. C'était ainsi chaque jour depuis la promesse un peu folle qu'elle avait faite à l'Inspecteur Gustave. Au plein milieu de ce mois de décembre 1924, le froid mordait sauvagement la ville de Paris, et le quartier de Montparnasse était recouvert d'une fine couche de neige. Armande tremblait de tous ses membres, ne sentait plus ses orteils et ses doigts, et pourtant, s'acharnait à essayer de vendre ses courts écrits. Elle avait malheureusement épuisé tout son stock d'encre et sa plume était en très mauvais état. Si elle n'avait pas peur qu'elles gèlent, elle laisserait couler ses larmes. Par chance, elle avait pu gagner suffisamment d'argent pour s'acheter, en cas d'urgence, du pain ou une boisson chaude. Elle avait récemment appris la mort de l'un de ses pères de coeur, et la jeune fille commençait sérieusement à s'inquiéter. Cet hiver allait-il être le dernier ? Quand Armande fut convaincue que ce jour-là n'allait vraiment rien lui rapporter, elle prit la direction de la gare. Ses articulations la faisaient souffrir, elle peinait à marcher. À deux reprises, elle avait failli s'écrouler dans la neige. Mais, une fois arrivée dans la gare, ses lèvres gercées s'étirèrent en un large sourire, et elle courut presque à la rencontre de son inspecteur favori. - Inspecteur ! salua Armande avec une voix joyeuse, mais faible. - Armande, répondit simplement Gustave. Tu viens plus tard que d'habitude. - Ouais. J'ai encore essayé de vendre ça, dit-elle en montrant un bout de papier chiffonné. - Il faudrait que je te lise, un jour. - Vous lui avez parlé ? demanda brusquement la jeune fille. - Évidemment que non. - Faudrait le faire, un jour ou l'autre. Car entre-temps, elle a tout loisir de trouver quelqu'un d'autre. - Bon, Armande, dit soudain l'inspecteur en se tournant vers elle, le regard grave. Il fait extrêmement froid, dehors, n'est-ce pas ? Tu dors seule, par terre, contre les pavés glacés ? Ca ne peut pas durer. Armande eut l'impression de se prendre un coup de poignard dans le dos. Après plus d'un mois passé à ses côtés, ce chef de gare le trahissait lâchement ? - Non. Vous ne pouvez pas me faire ça. Me faire croire pendant un mois que nous étions amis, pour finalement m'envoyer à l'orphelinat ? Autant le faire tout de suite, plutôt que de me trahir. C'est dégueulasse. Elle fit un mouvement pour partir, mais le regard de Gustave la retint. Ca, c'était celui de quand il voulait sérieusement être écouté. - Il ne s'agit pas de ça. Viens. Fais-moi confiance. L'adolescente suivi l'inspecteur, méfiante. Elle reconnut la direction des appartements de celui qu'elle avait jusque-là considéré comme son ami et sa curiosité s'éveilla de plus belle. Qu'est-ce qu'il mijotait ? Armande avait appris à se méfier des hommes et, pour l'instant, tout cela ne présageait rien de bon. Ils passèrent près de la cellule où elle avait été enfermée le premier jour. Elle s'éloigna le plus possible de celle-ci, au cas où tout ceci n'était qu'une embuscade. Gustave continua son chemin sans se retourner. Il s'arrêta enfin devant une petite pièce plutôt étroite. Il s'écarta et désigna la pièce à la jeune fille, un petit sourire étirant la commissure droite de ses lèvres. Armande écarquilla les yeux quand elle comprit où Gustave voulait en venir. Un lit de fortune occupait la pièce. Un simple matelas posé au sol, recouvert d'une fine couverture. Mais pour elle, c'était le luxe. Et il lui offrait ça. Sans rien en retour. - Si j'ai bien compris, Gustave… Vous m'hébergeriez ? Vraiment ? - Evidemment. Depuis plus d'un mois, je commets une erreur. Je te côtoie quotidiennement, mais je ne réagis même pas. Chaque jour, je te laisse retourner dans le froid, exposée aux dangers. Ca ne me coûte rien de faire ça. Au contraire, ça me soulage d'un poids. Par contre… désolé pour ce pauvre lit… - Euh… Vous plaisantez, j'espère ? J'vous rappelle que mon lit à moi, c'est le sol ou un mur. Donc merci. Maximilien émit un glapissement réjoui. Armande s'accroupit à ses côtés et lui flatta les flans. Ce chien, qui la détestait les premières semaines, avait fini par réellement l'adopter et l'adorer. La jeune fille, quant à elle, était habituée aux chiens dangereux comme celui-ci, car les chiens errants couraient les rues. Elle finissait même par savoir les apprivoiser. Elle se releva et regarda Gustave, le regard humide. - Gustave… Merci infiniment. C'est formidable et terrible en même temps. Formidable, car vous me permettez d'avoir un toit, de me laver, de manger… Mais terrible, parce que… pourquoi moi ? Pourquoi moi et pas Léon, Jacques, Louis… - Si je pouvais tous les héberger, je le ferais, bien évidemment. Crois-moi. Mais ne culpabilise pas. Armande finit par faire un énorme sourire et enlacer l'inspecteur de toutes ses forces. Elle le remercia plusieurs fois et s'en alla dire au revoir à ses amis, le cœur lourd. Les adieux furent difficiles. Armande versa de nombreuses larmes, sans se retenir. Sa famille de cœur se montra bienveillante avec elle. D'après eux, si le destin avait fait qu'elle eût cette chance, c'était pour une bonne raison. Elle avait un avenir. Un bel avenir. La fête de Noël arriva rapidement. Armande avait pu profiter des meilleures nuits de sommeil, comme elle n'en avait pas eu depuis bien longtemps. Elle avait surtout pu se baigner, chose qui n'était pas arrivée très souvent en sept ans de vie à la rue. L'adolescente avait prévenu l'inspecteur que s'il risquait un regard déplacé sur elle, elle n'hésiterait pas à le crier partout où elle irait. Gustave avait vite fait de lui rappeler qui il était et quels étaient ses principes concernant les femmes… ce qui avait convaincu Armande. Elle s'était vue recevoir, deux jours après son installation chez le chef de gare, un manteau épais pour supporter le froid, autre luxe dont elle avait oublié la saveur il y a longtemps. Et, cette année-là, pour la première fois depuis sept ans, elle allait pouvoir apprécier la fête de Noël à sa juste valeur. Une fête familiale, une fête chaleureuse. Les autres années, cette période n'avait été pour elle et ses compagnons que synonyme de froid, de malheur et de mort. Au matin de Noël, Armande eut une pensée pour ses camarades. Combien étaient tombés malades depuis son départ ? Voire pire ? Elle essayait de ne pas y penser, mais faire cela était comme une trahison. Elle avait perdu la foi mais leur adressa une prière. Pour une fois, Gustave était déjà parti. D'ordinaire, la jeune fille se réveillait à des heures improbables, car dans la rue, elle n'avait aucun sens de l'heure et du déroulement d'une journée. Armande se prépara et partit rejoindre son ami. - Vous ne voudriez pas m'apprendre votre métier ? demanda-t-elle durant l'après-midi. - Oh, ça ne s'apprend pas comme ça. Et, une femme policier ? Tu rêves trop, jeune fille. - C'est mon outil de travail, m'sieur. Et pis, je pourrais être la première ! J'suis sûre que dans quelques années, on verra des femmes dans votre métier. Et vous vous direz, elle avait raison Armande ! Gustave eut un rictus. Elle parlait beaucoup, quand même. Il souriait quand il repensait au début de leur « amitié ». Tout avait commencé par un conflit. Puis, le lendemain, par une démonstration d'un énorme culot de la part de l'adolescente. Celle-ci s'était alors mis dans la tête de venir tous les jours. Au début, il ne la supportait pas. Par la suite, il s'était rendu compte que sans elle, ses journées, hormis le court instant où il voyait Mademoiselle Lisette, seraient bien tristes (tout en ayant parfois envie de la faire taire). Enfin, il avait été touché par cette jeune fille pleine de rêves, de joie de vivre, d'imagination et de détermination. Il avait fini par avoir ce déclic : pourquoi ne pas l'héberger ? C'était honteux de la laisser se débrouiller sans rien dire. Depuis, ils avaient cette relation de haine-amitié, due à leurs personnalités pince-sans-rire. Chacun taquinait l'autre mais ils savaient bien que c'était par affection. Quand vint le soir, Armande se réjouissait. Elle avait préparé un cadeau pour « son » inspecteur, et cela représentait beaucoup pour elle. C'était la première fois qu'elle faisait un cadeau à quelqu'un. Bien au chaud dans les appartements de Gustave, elle regardait la neige tomber dehors tandis que l'inspecteur préparait à manger. Des repas d'une qualité plutôt médiocre mais, pour elle, digne des plus grandes tables. Maximilien était allongé devant un sapin de fortune, acheté dans la gare par Armande, avec l'argent de son hôte. Cette scène pouvait paraître pathétique à certains. L'adolescente, elle, la trouvait magnifique. Gustave arriva avec le repas. Ils mangèrent plutôt rapidement. Maximilien eut droit à plusieurs bouchées, ce qui était rare. Cette ambiance émut Armande. Elle n'avait presque jamais vécu ça. Durant son enfance, elle avait fêté Noël avec ses parents, mais ses souvenirs n'en étaient que très brefs. À la fin du repas, elle alla chercher son cadeau. Elle le regarda, un petit sourire en coin. Il avait une allure misérable. Écrit sur un malheureux bout de papier, qu'elle s'était efforcée de ne pas abîmer, un court texte ayant pour sujet… Gustave. C'était tout ce qu'elle pouvait lui offrir. Elle avait dû utiliser discrètement l'encre de l'inspecteur, car elle n'en avait plus, et avait manqué de casser sa plume. Mais dans le fond, elle en était fière de ce texte. L'inspecteur lui avait bien dit qu'il aimerait la lire. Et, comme elle le connaissait de mieux en mieux, elle savait que lire un texte sur lui lui plairait hautement. En effet, Gustave était un homme qu'on pourrait qualifier de frustré. D'apparence, il était modeste, mais Armande avait vite compris qu'il aimerait un peu plus de reconnaissance. Elle le comprenait, d'un côté. Elle revint vers son hôte, les mains derrière le dos. Elle sentit ses joues rosirent légèrement. Elle avait un peu le trac. Ce serait la première fois pour elle qu'elle aurait un retour sur l'une de ses créations. Elle prit soudainement conscience qu'en ce jour de Noël, elle allait peut-être apprendre qu'elle n'avait aucun talent d'écriture. Cette pensée l'inquiéta de plus belle, mais elle finit par tendre son ridicule bout de papier au chef de gare. - Tenez, Gustave. C'est pour vous remercier de m'accueillir ici. De me supporter. Tout ça. Et parce que j'vous aime bien aussi, ajouta-t-elle avec un sourire. - Merci beaucoup ! dit l'inspecteur, étonné. Qu'est-ce que c'est ? - Un simple texte sur… vous. J'ai essayé d'être fidèle à votre personnalité. À vous d'en juger. Il se produit ce que l'adolescente redoutait : il lut immédiatement. Elle allait non seulement avoir pour la première fois un avis sur ses écrits, mais en plus, des réactions juste après la lecture ! Une boule se forma dans son estomac. Le temps de lecture lui parut interminable. Quand Gustave eut fini de lire, il roula le papier, regarda Armande, puis sourit. Pour la jeune fille, ce n'était pas forcément un bon signe. D'autant que l'inspecteur ne souriait que très rarement. - Je suis impressionné, dit-il. Par deux choses. La première… Tu écris drôlement bien. Ce n'est pas normal. As-tu vraiment grandi dans la rue ? L'adolescente rougit de plus belle. Elle enfonça la tête dans ses épaules et fixa le sol. - Et la seconde… Comment me connais-tu aussi bien ? C'est effrayant… Je… je ne sais pas quoi en penser. Mais en tout cas, c'est extraordinaire. Continue à écrire. Je t'en prie. Le chef de gare en était presque jaloux. Cette fille avait un talent inné, elle écrivait sans doute deux fois mieux que lui. Lui, malheureux soldat blessé, peu cultivé et peu attentif lors de ses années d'écolier. Si seulement il était instruit, il pourrait aisément séduire Lisette. Il se rappela soudain qu'il avait également prévu un cadeau pour sa protégée. Il se leva, alla fouiller dans un tiroir, et revint dans la salle à manger. Armande reconnut de loin ce que contenait la boîte qui lui était destinée. Pendant sept ans, elle en avait volé des semblables. Vu la qualité du bois, ce devait être plutôt cher. Elle n'en revenait pas. Sa nouvelle vie commençait extrêmement bien. Elle prit délicatement la boîte entre ses mains. Elle n'osait pas y croire. Elle l'ouvrit lentement, puis sauta de joie. Elle courut enlacer Gustave. - Merci infiniment ! Une plume, de l'encre, et un encrier. Tout ce dont elle avait besoin. Pour Armande, ces trois objets qui paraissaient en total décalage avec son univers, étaient primordiaux. Sans eux, elle aurait été complètement perdue, pendant ces sept ans passés dans le froid et la famine, malgré le soutien de sa famille de cœur. Armande eut à nouveau droit à un sourire de la part de Gustave. Elle le regarda attentivement, afin de graver dans sa mémoire ce rare moment où l'inspecteur ne pestait pas. Quatre mois. Quatre mois passés à ses côtés, à l'énerver, le taquiner, le pousser à bout, le divertir, illuminer ses journées. Quatre excellents mois, et ce n'en était que le début. Une relation père-fille, frère-sœur, ami-ennemi. Une relation indéfinissable, mais tellement attachante. En quelques semaines à peine, Armande avait réussi à se faire une place au sein de la gare. Gustave lui avait, depuis, enseigné quelques bases de son métier. Armande connaissait le personnel, comme Monsieur Cabret, ou Monsieur Labisse, chez qui elle allait souvent lire durant des après-midi entières. Gustave, quant à lui, était vraiment heureux d'avoir rencontré cette jeune fille. Elle avait ramené de la vie et de la bonne humeur au sein de ce triste hall de gare, et l'avait lui-même rendu meilleur. Lui qui était aigri depuis la guerre, avait su retrouver le sourire. Et ce jour de printemps, quand Armande vit, aux alentours de six heures et demie, l'inspecteur Gustave se diriger, le torse bombé, le visage lumineux, la démarche sûre, vers Mademoiselle Lisette, elle ne put réprimer un large sourire. Gustave avait accompli quelque chose pour elle en lui offrant ses outils de travail, et Armande lui avait rendu la pareille. Chaque jour, elle lui avait fait gagner confiance en lui, oublier sa blessure, et l'avait convaincu qu'il avait tout pour plaire à Lisette. Les prochaines années s'annonçaient merveilleuse, dans le quartier de Montparnasse. ","Summary":" Comment en suis-je venue à faire une fanfiction d'un film qui, au départ, ne m'avait pas spécialeme"},{"Movie":"Hugo","Title":"The man in the moon and the rocket","Author":"tylerj1","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8632282","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 22nd October 2012 The Man in the Moon and the Rocket The men inside the rocket heard a gigantic splat as the rocket hit the surface of the moon. There was custard like substance oozing out of where they had landed, the eye of the man in the moon. The men on board the rocket began to laugh at the man in the moon, until one of them tried the substance that was oozing out from under their rocket, \"it tastes like cream\" he exclaimed: \"try it!\" They all tasted the substance, they then - ate and ate. The man in the moon began to laugh at the men and said, \"thank you for flying into my eye\" All the men asked why at the same time, \"You are not eating cream, you are eating puss from my spot that had grown on my eye two weeks ago!\" The men began to throw up all the puss they had eaten, before they got into their rocket and began their journey back home. They landed in the Atlantic Ocean and then hitched a ride on a speedboat, back to where they came from: NASA. When they arrived back to the NASA base they told everybody everything that happened on their journey and all the women went green and all the men began to laugh. ","Summary":" 22nd October 2012 The Man in the Moon and the Rocket The men inside the rocket heard a gigantic spl"},{"Movie":"Daybreakers","Title":"Am I Here For Your Amusement Frankie","Author":"JUNSTER","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5978657","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I sat there, the anxiety of it all was destroying us. Jane had been taken, poor woman tried to make a break for it and now it's just me and Dan over here. And with these odds, it seems Dan is starting to lose the last bit of sanity he has left. We sat in silence. \"Cassandra? Do you think maybe if I take the last crossbow gun and hightail it-\" Dan stopped anxiously. I turned to him his face was drowned in it, the fear in his eyes. \"Don't think of such things, remember? Remember how many of us were here in the beginning?\" I sat up. \"How many of us still had the hope and sanity we no longer hold today? Jane! That dear woman! All these years and she chose to leave out of the blue with no authorization of any soul!\" He sighed and I fell back. 18 years trapped in this house, stuck in this bedroom with the smallest portion of food in the old barely functioning refrigerator inside the closet, Dan had rewired. I cursed for three nights as I figured out Dan wasn't kidding he had left with every weapon and the portion of food, that was so desperately needed. As months went by I had heard news of Dan disappearing, when I received this news I felt betrayed not only had he left he had become one of them. He had pleaded for his life by giving me away, offering me like some kind of free sample. I knew they were coming, I made my bed and sat there. Waiting, just waiting for my faith to come and take me by the neck and send me to my death.[Chapter 2] Hours passed and the day seemed so innocent. Maybe they've forgotten? I stepped carefully off my bed and circled around the broken part of the wall where I was sure a window used to be located at. I breathed deeply. As I inhaled, the air stuck in my throat for as long as I kept staring intensely at the 3 army trucks making their way over to this worn down perilous place of a house. I ran to the closet jumping over the small hole in the top floor as I brought down my extra crossbow with a huge pack of flammable bows on the side. SLAM! I gasped. Had they opened the door by now? I set the weapons down on the closet floor and looked down through the hole I had previously jumped over which was 2 inches in width and length. They're muffled voices were barely audible. -\"There's someone here, I can smell it.\" He said, he looked directly past the hole in the ceiling but I didn't realize that. I gasped. Wrong Move. -\"Did you hear it! That poor son of a bitch was worth it after all.\" Another said. I stood up. Dan. They were talking about Dan! He was alive! That son of a bitch! I realized I shouldn't be happy because he snitched on me and now I'm going to be vampire food. I took a breath and sat on my bed. Maybe I deserve to be killed. Or maybe I didn't. I couldn't decide because the next thing I knew there were at least 20 green lasers on my face and 30 other soldiers staring me right in eyes.[Chapter 3] \"Get down to the floor!\" Some screamed. One of them I concluded to be the leader stepped out. \"Guys go wait downstairs at the door. I think I can take this weak human.\" He said, his voice rough. The soldiers didn't take the times to hesitate, for his friend was right. I was weak and me against a vampire, chances of that were 0 to 5. I still being on the floor sighed. \"Shut the fuck up you human and stand your ass up.\" He pointed his gun at your back. I stood up and gazed at his mask. \"Am I at least going to see the face of my knight in shining armor?\" I said sarcastically. He only chuckled. \"What a stupid request, but if you insist.\" He took off his mask and detached his neck that was covered up. I raised my eyebrows. He was smirking. Is that arrogance see? Great a weakness to this vampire. \"What are you going to do with me? Cut me up and serve me with a side of fries?\" I asked. \"Something like that.\" He smiled, his fangs seemed to get bigger. I smiled back, he was hungry. I couldn't stop smiling, I had a plan. I walked towards him, he backed away and pulled out his gun. \"Try something, I wouldn't mind killing a young woman and saying it was self-defense.\" He said. \"But I don't even know your name? My killer, I need to know your name.\" I said, innocently. I extended my arms and grabbed his gun as he looked into the hallway as if he needed his soldiers. I threw it behind me. \"You didn't want me to get a hold of that, now did you?' I smiled, seductively. \"And to see with those fangs of yours wouldn't mind a bite.?\" He was breathing deeply, as his face struggled to remain calm. I bit my tongue down hard. I whimpered. I stood on my toes and licked his trembling lips with my bleeding tongue. His eyes were filled with lust and he licked his lips. He took a hold of me and licked my neck temptingly. As he did this I reached for the gun that I had thrown not too far away. I brought it to his head as he was about to take a bite, and yes I smashed his face. He screamed in pain as he fell to his knees. This was my chance I got my crossbows, and jumped out the hole in the wall and landed in some bushes. I ran so quickly, and I could hear the soldiers barely realizing the situation. I made it to an ancient underground sewer and opened the lid. I jumped in. I breathed heavily, I just assaulted a vampire soldier. Now I would be definitely hunted down by vampires day and night, month after month, and year after year.[Chapter 4] My legs trembled under the weight of my tired body as I scrunched my nose ever so often at the malodorous smell of rotting animals. Crossbows in hands it seemed I was lost walking at least 2 miles in one direction made me doubt. Have I been heading in the correct direction? I held my breath frustrated and closed my eyes and slid down against the moldy walls of this ancient sewer. \"Hey I see something!\" It's voice was hoarse. \"Wait it could be one of those subsider things you bloodless vampires turn into.\" \"A subsider in these sewers? Not a chance.\" His voice seemed slightly calmer than the first. \"Well I guess we can't just walk away it's blocking our path.\" This voice was a bit more feminine . I opened my eyes and turned my head to the right. Three shadows stood there as I inspected them they seemed to do the same. Then I froze those golden eyes, a vampire. How can that be? Only just yesterday they discovered my hiding place, but a vampire here in these unheard of sewers . Just impossible. I stood, and loaded my crossbow. I aimed. \"Edward get down! She was a crossbow! Elvis help me out!\" The woman screamed. I lowered my crossbow. It seemed Edward was the vampire, the others human? impractical. Humans and vampires allies? I walked towards then and the woman pointed her crossbow at me. I chuckled. \"Shoot and you'll just hear the sound of my beating heart die off.\" She seemed to take the hint and lowered her weapon. \"My name is Audrey, and this is Elvis.\" Audrey pointed to the guy on the far right. \"And the vamp?\" I asked curiously. \"Edward Dalton.\" He said, he extended his hand. I watched his hand intently. \"Don't worry he's with us.\" Audrey said. \"Ha, don't remind me how many times someone has said that to me and lied.\" My smirk turned into a frown. \"I don't believe you should make yourselves comfortable. I believe the Vampire soldier I assaulted will come looking for me personally and I do believe he has probably caught my scent by now.\" Edwards opened his mouth in shock but immediately shoved a cigarette in his mouth and lit it to cover his shocked his expression. \"If that's true you should join us because as a group the better chances of us surviving these wretched tunnels. Our journey to the most recent sanctuary awaits us. Shall you join us?\" Edward said. \"Of course as long as I don't have to shove a crossbow into your dead heart,\" I smirked. \"it'll be all good.\"[Chapter 5] It was silent the whole walk through until Edward the brave soul decided to strike up a conversation. \"How is it possible for you to assault a vampire soldier?\" He asked, his face filled with doubt. \"Are you trying to make an image so we don't realize you're just a scared as any other human?\" I laughed. \"I do believe your interest in my past events concludes you have something to do with the collecting of humans. Am I right?\" \"Why, no I am a hematologist.\" Edward smiled, his fangs exposed. \" I actually-\" \"Test on the humans, which the army captures correct?\" I interrupted rudely. \"Alright, alright cut your arguing, while I do believe this girl assaulted this vampire I, but I also believe what a more important topic should be is the girl's name.\" Elvis said, slowing down from his current position up front. \"My name is Cassandra.\" I faked a smile. \"Edward I do believe we shall continue this discussion at a later time. As I know you're eager mind wants to.\" I went silent, and so did the sewer. There was no talk only the sound of breathing, well only most of our breathing. \"You guys I see the old ladder, c'mon and follow me up.\" Audrey said. As she climbed I waited for Edward. \"Age before beauty.\" I said. He frowned. \"Real nice.\" I smiled inwardly and started to climb before him. It was dark, as I tried to make my way through the bushes. I tripped repeatedly. \"Cassandra hurry up, you're falling behind.\" Edward said. \"Well thank you for that accurate report.\" I frowned. Stupid bushes. Audrey and Elvis were barely visible. Edwards was walking about 5 feet before me. I was about to catch up when I tripped over a vine. \"Gah!\" My face went first into the rocky dirt. I sat up, there were small cuts on my cheeks, I could feel something sliding down my cheek, blood. I cursed for my horrible eye coordination. \"Need some help?\" Ed was extending his hand, smiling. I looked at him. He pulled his hand back. \"What's wrong?\" I asked. \"Is it my blood? Is it tempting you?\" I joked. \"I don't drink human blood.\" He said, biting his tongue. I stood up, I touched my face. I winced. \"You want some?\" I smiled stupidly, a puddle of blood in my hand. His eye twitched. \"C'mon! Don't be such a baby!\" I grabbed his chin , and pulled him close. His eyes described everything. His eyes showed desire but his will power told him otherwise. I brought my hand up and shoved the blood in his face. \"That wasn't so bad now was it?\" I smirked. He gagged, and looked at me. \"Cassan-\" He lunged at me. I gasped. I closed my eyes. There we were he was just holding me there was no biting. I could feel his lips hovering over my neck. I remembered my encounter with the vampire soldier and pulled away. \"Um.. I think we should be heading towards Audrey and Elvis.\" I ran away from him, and towards the others. \"Cassandra? Where's Ed?\" Audrey said. \"He's coming don't worry.\" I said. \"What's with your face? Did you trip again.\" Elvis chuckled. \"Shut up.\" I said smiling.[Chapter 6] \"Audrey? Is that you? It's been awhile hasn't it?\" A voice asked. \"Manny? That you?\" Audrey smiled, and turned her head towards us.\"I didn't have the best luck in finding more than 3 humans today but luckily we found Cassandra in the sewer that leads here.\" \"Really?\" Manny looked towards me, his eyes were the first things I noticed. \"And who's the tall guy.\" Edward who was taking in the quiet sanctuary turned his head. Manny frowned a little. \"Are you an ally vampire?\" \"I do believe I am.\" Edward smiled. \"My name is Edward Dalton, I'm a hematologist.\" Manny's mood changed instantly to enthusiasm and soon we were lead into a doorway where we headed down a spiral flight of stairs. As my eyes remained transfixed on the technology at the bottom of the stairs I didn't forget to mention I managed to misstep. I heard a chuckle behind me. I turned and looked at Edward suspiciously. His face remained calm. \"Though this place has been home to many of us,\" Manny turned to us sadly. \" I do believe we shall be moving to a cabin up in the mountains.\" \"Why?\" Elvis protruded to ask while sitting down at one of the computer stations. \"Because as we were heading inside Audrey was informing me about your actions on getting here.\" Manny said. \"Which happened before you set foot in the sewer, when you were being followed by the army.\" \"See I believe I'm not the only wanted captive, you guys are just as wanted from the army as I am!\" I exclaimed excitedly, knowing if they captured me we'd be captured together. Audrey looked at me with sheer confusion , but turned her attention towards Manny's computer and his other mechanisms. \"Manny! It's Kevin! It seems some of the human refugees have been hijacked and ambushed by the vampire army. A girl on the other line was cut off and it seems the army will be heading our way any second.\" Manny's radio stopped as Kevin's words hit him like needles. \"Oh no.. how will we?\" He took a breath. \"Audrey if we have a chance the only chance we'll get is by preparing an evacuation now, are you joining us?\" \" Manny we were going to test out the theory which I discussed to you about the controlled exposure-\" Audrey was cut off. \"-Ah yes I do wish you a ton of luck as because the safety of the rest of the human population is dire.\" Manny hugged Audrey, and hurried up the stairs. \"If we are going to do this we better do it fast.\" Edward consulted. \"Yes but where? What we need is a closed compartment-\" Elvis was interrupted. \"How about that?\" I said, pointing to what looked like an oversized boiler. \"Perfect, although it might need some repairing.\" Elvis smiled, and picked up a welder. \"Let's get to work.\" As Edward, and Elvis worked on the physical part of the experiment I walked over to Audrey. \"What exactly are we going to do with that?\" I asked referring to the giant container. \"Oh that's right you weren't here when we explained it were you?\" Audrey asked. I shook my head. \"Well you know Elvis right? Well, he didn't always used to be a human. There's was an accident that made his life change completely. He described it as a breath of fresh air, that hits you like a charging bull.\" \"So what your trying to say is that, Elvis was a vampire and he changed into a human by a coincidence?\" I said, confused. \"And your trying to reenact that same coincidence on Edward?\" She nodded slowly. \"Only if we have the time to, who knows if the army is right outside those cafeteria doors.\" She frowned. \"HEY! Audrey, let's get this project going!\" Elvis screamed. \"Alright.\" Audrey's face turned dead serious. And it began, the horrible screams of Edward's burning flesh. To maybe hit him with a fresh breath of air, or possibly turn him..into one of us. A human.[Chapter 7] It was silent. Audrey frowned at the computer screen. I stared at the back of her head waiting. Her eyes met mine, she was worried. But as she turned back the two words that made us all surprised were, \"He's back!\" Elvis smiled triumphantly as Audrey crowded around Edward. This has been a wild ride, but heck the world is ruled by vampires nothing makes sense anymore. With Edward actually a human being Audrey and Elvis saw it as a miracle. In contrary I thought it was a ghastly initiative, as I realized our situation Edward has become weak, frail, and helpless just like the rest of us human beings. But my thoughts were kept inside my mind for Audrey seemed to happy to upset. (BREAK) \" Sergeant Dalton we've reached human headquarters, shall we have a look around this muck?\" Soldier Kiel Watson suggested. \"It'll be my pleasure, but a warning do not eat any of the humans you capture.\" Sergeant Dalton scowled. \"Sir? We always at least take 3 out. Why not today?\" Private Noah Ganske stepped out firmly onto the floor. \"I've got some personal business having to do with a human and I would appreciate it if I didn't have to talk to her dead carcass.\" Frankie sighed. \" Soldiers! Head out!\" \"Sir yes Sir!\" Their voices in sync. (BREAK) \"Do you hear that? Sounds like doors slammin' \" Elvis glanced around quickly. \"Oh no. I think they've found out we're here.\" Audrey ran to a boiler. \"Quick Edward, Elvis, Cassandra get in!\" Edward and Elvis climbed in but as big as it was I didn't have the guts to throw myself into water that god knows what's been in there. I gagged, it smelled like oil. I back up and whispered, \"I'll find another place to hide.\" I ran as fast as I could over to a closet behind the kitchen and locked myself inside. SLAM! The door opened swung open and the echo of it chorused through the building. \"Hello? Any stupid humans here? Are you playing Hide and Seek? It be easier if you'd stop hiding and let me kill you vermin.\" His voice was dreadfully playful and filled with a lust for blood. I laid flat on my stomach and looked under the door and all that was visible were his combat boots. His voice mocked my thoughts. \"Where are you? Have you gone somewhere else? Ah let me see what you made me for dinner, I'll go into the kitchen.\" I held my breath as his shadow glided on the floor, and came to a halt. Was this it? Has he found out that I've been hiding behind this door. I backed away as far as I could into the wall, I closed my eyes and slid against the wall and I sat. All I could hear was the sound of the door slowly creek open.[Chapter 8] \" Well, well, well...my little runaway.\" His voice cracked. He brought up his hand and grabbed a handful of my hair and yanked. I screamed, as he started to drag me. I pierced my nails through his knuckles but nothing seemed to faze him. As he climbed up the stairs with me struggling along I turned my head and saw Audrey and Edward stepping out. Audrey put her finger to her lips. I nodded. I stood. \"What? You choose now... to pay attention?\" Frankie's eyes pierced my face. I stared back at those lifeless eyes and didn't say a word. Audrey and them had to get out, I was already captured. The least I could do was be a decoy. I turned my head slightly. Audrey was climbing up the side of the building, Edward was pulling her up. Elvis was crouched down eyeing Audrey as if any sudden movement would doom them all. CRACK! \"What the hell was that?\" Frankie looked ahead of me. I wrapped my hands around his neck and strained him to look down at me. \"There's something you don't want me to see isn't there?\" He tried to look up. \"Let go of me you dim-witted human!\" His hands crushed my wrists as he pulled my hands away. Frankie caught sight of Edward. \"Eddie? You're joining the humans now? \" Frankie's face was filled with resentment. Frankie started up the stairs attempting to get a good stare at his brother of a traitor. I took a hold of his arm. He looked down at me, face aggravated I let go knowing he wouldn't restrain to hurt me again. I observed as he climbed up the stairs, unsure of every step he was taking. The uncertainty in his steps were gone as he gazed at Eddy and the two vulnerable humans. Audrey was petrified, Edward wasn't a vampire anymore. There wasn't anyone to protect us. It seemed for a moment she had resented turning him back. I got the backbone to climb up the stairs, my breaths were short. Elvis noticed me and nodded slightly towards the door. I took the hint. Taking in air I ran towards the giant doors and opened them. Frankie turned, eyes wide. Pulling his radio he yelled. \"SOLDIERS! Human leaving the premises! Capture her alive, she is also not to be fed upon under any circumstances.\" I ran past the buildings and past what seemed to be a tricked out Hummer. That must've been what Frankie had arrived in. Something laced my ankle as I tried to run, instantly the string pulled back causing me to fall forward. I sat up and looked at the object attached to my ankle. I winced and it tightened. My fingers dared to pry it off my leg. Three soldiers approached me, they eyed me hungrily. \" It's been a while since I've gotten a taste.\" A soldier hugged me from behind, pressing himself against me. His lips hovering up and down my fragile neck. I closed my eyes, frowning. I took my free hand and elbowed him the nose, he pushed me down in anger. Holding his nose he ordered the other soldiers. \"Take this pathetic human into the truck. She is to be restrained before Sergeant Frankie arrives.\" They positioned my hands to a way I couldn't move. Taking one last glance, the soldier spat his blood on the floor before he headed in the direction of Audrey, Elvis, and Edward. I wished them the best of luck, the luck I needed was no longer an option. ","Summary":" I sat there, the anxiety of it all was destroying us. Jane had been taken, poor woman tried to make"},{"Movie":"Hugo","Title":"C'est la Guerre","Author":"Afalstein","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9233709","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Winter, 1942 It was torture to be standing in the street like this, and not just because of the cold wind whistling through his thin jacket. No, it was torture because of the glowing window on the far side of the street, and because of what he could see through it. The golden hair, the bright eyes, the laughing mouth… he could see them all by the window's light, and they tore at his insides. Yet he dreaded even more the moment when that light would finally go out. He blew on his hand and stamped his feet a little to get the blood flowing again. Even here in the alley, sheltered as it was from the wind, the chill was something deadly. He wound the scarf a little tighter around his face and turned his watering eyes away from the window for a moment. Paris, the city of lights, was dark. The window which tormented him was the only open one on the streets. All the others were shuttered, boarded up, or simply overhung with drapes. Little cracks of light could be glimpsed, but nothing sufficient to light up the street. Even the street lights overhead were dark, and the once-bright image of the Effiel Tower, which had shown in on Hugo so many nights in his childhood, was simply a looming silhouette against the sky, lit up occasionally by the roving searchlights. It was not silent—not quite yet. Not even curfew and blackout could silence the city. The thousand sounds of the city still echoed through the streets—cats, slamming shutters, a drunk's roving song, the sound of an automobile's engine. And, of course, regular as ever, the far-off rumble of the trains. Even amid war, the trains still ran. And even amid war—Hugo fished his watch from his pocket—clocks still ran. It was a comfort to know that, at least. The light in the window went out. Hugo closed his eyes and rocked against the wall, trying to quiet the dull ache in his soul. Again he checked his watch. It would take probably an hour for them to finish. Years ago, he remembered with a smile, he had stood in a cold street just like this, staring up at a lit window with the same golden-haired girl. Then he had thought his life hard, if not cruel. He had never guessed exactly how cruel life could be. At times he wondered if things would have better, if he would have been happier, if he had never stood in that street and called that girl down to him. Perhaps he would still be living in the train station. Perhaps he would have been sent to the Orphanatory, to be adopted—or not. He sighed and blew on his fingers. What did it really matter? The war would still have come. The sound of a door closing jerked his attention back to the house. The golden-haired girl was stepping out into the snow, a light coat wrapped around her slim frame, a scarf wound around her face. She walked out into the street hesitantly, as if wondering which way to go. Hugo quickly moved out of the alley and beckoned to her. She practically ran into his arms, sending both of them crashing back into the alley. \"Hugo!\" She whispered. \"Isabelle.\" He murmured, stroking her hair. She felt warm, soft. \"I am sorry. He was so... so talkative tonight. I could not get away.\" \"It is alright, ma petite chere .\" He whispered. \"What did he say?\" She shook her head. \"Little things...stupid things. Stories the guards at work tell about their women. This Jew that he and his friends threw out into the street the other day. A promotion he expects to be getting.\" \"A promotion is good.\" Hugo nodded. \"A captain hears more than a lieutenant, and says more.\" \"Y-yes.\" She nodded. Drawing back a little, she seemed to concentrate. \"He... he did say... He said there was a shipment of weapons being moved to Cologne next week. By train, though he did not say which one. And some prisoners that are being moved from the Detarde's house.\" \"Which ones? Where?\" Hugo asked eagerly. \"He didn't say which ones, only that they were being moved, to a... a camp in Germany, I believe.\" She bit her lip, then looked up at him. \"But... Hugo... Gustave is not one of them. He says they brought out Gustave and some others to the forest and shot them.\" Gustave. Hugo leaned back and closed his eyes, picturing the man's neat little mustache, his clipped way of speaking, the stubborn way he dragged his bad leg along. He could even see Gustave in his neat blue uniform, gold buttons shining and cap primly adjusted, even though goodness knew the man hadn't been station inspector for years. He should never have come with them on the raid. But he'd insisted, just as he'd insisted to be left behind when his leg broke apart and the shouts were coming nearer. Hugo'd known Gustave since he was a small boy, dodging around the train station. And now he was dead. Isabelle pulled him close. \"I am so sorry, Hugo.\" She murmured. \"Would you like me to tell Lisette?\" \"No,\" Hugo managed to say. Lisette... yes, bon Dieu , Lisette would have to be told. But not by Isabelle. \"You cannot be seen talking with her.\" That, and it was his responsibility. True, Gustave had led the squad, but Hugo had made Gustave's leg, and it was that leg that had gotten Gustave captured. Isabelle gave out a laugh that sounded more like a sob. \"Of course. She probably wouldn't want to talk with me anyway.\" Hugo tried to think of something comforting to say, but he could think of nothing. So he just hugged her back, and the two of them stood in the cold wind, holding onto each other. At length Isabelle pulled away a little. \"I... I should go.\" She said. \"Hans will miss me.\" There was a long silence. Don't, Hugo wanted to say. Stop all this, and come away. \"Yes, you should.\" He agreed, letting his arms drop to hold her hands. Still she lingered, breathing hard in the cold wind. She closed her eyes and shivered, and her mouth trembled. Hugo gripped her by the shoulders. \"It is a good thing you are doing for us, Isabelle.\" He told her. \"A great thing.\" But she shook her head. \"If you could have heard him tonight!\" She burst out. \"Talking about Gustave like he was some animal... laughing about how he limped up the hill... and he is so STUPID, Hugo, and I feel dirty just speaking with him...\" \"Shhh...\" Hugo cupped her face in his hands. \"It will be alright Isabelle. It will all be all right.\" She looked at him, tears brimming in her eyes. \"I thought...\" Her mouth quirked in a dreadful attempt at a smile. \"I always thought... that being a spy would be so romantic.\" A little chuckle burst from Hugo despite himself. For a moment he had a vision of the old Isabelle, perched high on a book ladder, lost in the slim volume she was reading, brow furrowed and her lips just slightly parted. But that was another world. \"You must go now, mon chere .\" He told her, giving her a light peck on the cheek. It was all they had time for, now. As she nodded and started to move away, he called out to her: \"Isabelle... do not ride the trains tomorrow.\" Already out in the street, she turned to look at him, shrouded in the darkness of the alley. \"Hugo...\" Her eyes were troubled. \"Tomorrow will be a bad day to ride the trains.\" He nodded. \"I would stay at home. And ask... Hans again about the weapons. I think his plans for them may change.\" She closed her eyes, but she nodded. With a last, lingering look, she trotted across the street and back to the door. It closed behind her with a muted click, and for a long moment there was silence in the street. Then he heard sounds from upstairs: faint questions, and laughing answers. Hunching his shoulders, Hugo pulled his cap over his head and walked down the alley. He could stand to listen to no more, and there was much to do before the daylight. Each had their own role in the machine of war, he as much as Isabelle. The cold wind howled fiercely about him as he disappeared into the night. A/N: Hugo was a beautiful movie, and a nearly perfectly self-contained one. And part of the problem with perfectly self-contained movies is that there's not much fiction you can write about it. But the Fridge Horror board on TVtropes reminded me that there is indeed a logical next part to the story-Hugo and Isabelle in WW II. George Milies, in case you're curious, died in 1938, before the war even started, but Hugo and Isabelle would be in their early twenties. On a side note, I AM very proud of how the cover to this story turned out. I drew it myself, and I quite like how it looks.[Chapter 2] Summer, 1944 A cut-glass lamp crashed to the floor as Isabelle scrambled about the room, shoving her things into a bag. Her golden hair was bound up behind her in hairpins, and she was wearing a rough coat over a simple dress. Everything was ready, but she couldn't leave Mama Jeanne's locket, and the little clasp that she'd gotten in fifth grade, and the book that Mssr. Labisse had given her, and... The pounding on the door downstairs intensified. \"We know you're in there, Isabelle Milies!\" cried a harsh voice. \"Come out, you little tasspe !\" Shouts rose in agreement, and rocks began to thud against the side of the house's walls. Isabelle frantically laced up the bag and dashed down the hall. They were sure to be watching the back door already, but the roof... they wouldn't think of the roof. She tore open the attic door and mounted the ladder, pushing open the loose section of the tile and clambering outside. The sun was shining brightly down on gay Paris. The skies were blue, the clouds were white, and the glorious Eiffel Tower seemed to glow with a new life. Music was floating up from the street, raucous cheers filled the air, and everywhere you could see ribbons and flags flying—the glorious tricolor flag of France, that had not been seen in four long years. An angry shout raised Isabelle from her happy reverie. \"There! There! The poufaise 's on the roof!\" It was Lisette in the street, her finger furiously jabbed upwards, a score of upward-staring faces around her. \" Nique ta mere, you German tasspe !\" Isabelle's heart broke, but she could spare no time. She could already hear the door breaking downstairs, and could see others in the street making for the fire-escapes. Quickly she shimmied along the wall, picking up the board she'd stored against the chimney. It bridged the gap to the other roof nicely, and she dashed across, kicking it away as she stepped onto the other side. The shouts were traveling behind her, following her progress. She ran across the flat roof, silently cursing her skirt. At least she wasn't wearing her heels. THAT would be a nightmare. The buildings in this row were very close, most of them ran right against each other without even an alleyway between. Some were taller, and their roofs had to be reached with a ladder. Others were shorter, and could simply be dropped onto. Isabelle made her way across the roofs as quickly as she could, taking care to stay away from the edges. Already her hair was coming loose from its pins, and her face was flushed with the exertion. Always the shouts followed. Perhaps they were fainter, but not nearly faint enough—Mdm. DeCarde's house was the last on the row, after that the street took a sudden turn and headed up the hill. She would have to climb down and run in the street. But Lisette's angry yell was far too close... In a surge of desperation, she crossed over to the far left side of Mdm. DeCarde's roof, away from the street. It would give her only a minute or two of delay, but perhaps that would be all she needed. There! A fire escape! Quickly she clambered down, practically leaping down the stairs. The ladder did not quite reach the ground, but she let go and stumbled to the floor of the alleyway. Already she could hear them charging up the alley to her right, but straight ahead was the light of the street, filled with the noise and cheers of the celebration. Isabelle ran for it. As she neared the end of the alley, she checked her pace, slowing down just enough so she could step gracefully into the street. Giving her golden hair a cautious pat, she forced a smile to her face and started to weave her way through the crowd, as quickly as she dared. \"Stop her!\" shouted Lisette's voice. Isabelle forced down the rising panic and kept walking. Perhaps Lisette had not seen her, perhaps the others would not know who she meant... \"She's a spy! That golden haired pouffaise , there!\" Isabelle gave a little sob and broke into a run, but grasping hands seized her from every side and held her fast. The street that before had been so bright and full of smiles was now filled with dark, angry faces. They beat her, kicked her, tearing at her hair and clothing. The bag was ripped from her grasp, and she felt someone spit in her face. \"No... please!\" She managed, as rough arms dragged her across the cobblestones, her feet scrambling for a purchase. \"You don't understand! I'm with the Resistance! I...\" The crowd suddenly gave way to a small circle of some kind. She could hear the people about her chanting, an odd clicking sound, and... someone crying. Some women. They pushed her to her knees. Her clothes were half-gone already, ripped to pieces by the mob, but now they stripped her of the rest, leaving her trembling in her undergarments before the crowd. She glanced about in terror, taking in the scene. Alouette, Jean-Marie, and Mdm. Gastion were all kneeling alongside her, stripped as she was, wailing as barbers shaved away their hair. Mdm. Gastion was already nearly bald, with only rough tufts remaining of her once-beautiful hair. All around, in a pressing circle, the angry crowd shouted in approbation as the pile of shavings grew. There was a sharp snip behind her and Isabelle stiffened in horror at the sudden lightening of her head. \"No!\" She cried, struggling fruitlessly. \"Wait! Talk to Hugo Cabret, he will...!\" \"Don't struggle, petite tasspe , or I might cut off something more important by accident,\" sneered the barber. The cold sense of this seized her, and she went limp in her captors' hands. Even if she could break free, where could she go? It was not so bad, she told herself, as the snip-snip continued behind her, and she felt the locks of hair falling to the street. She had feared execution, or being beaten to death. It was not so bad... She felt the razor rasp against her skull and closed her eyes and wept. \"Stop! Stop it! Stop this instant, you idiotic bastards!\" Isabelle's eyes flew open and her head shot up as Hugo came pushing through the crowd. He was wearing a tricolored armband and he was flanked by several men with guns. \"This woman is an informant for the Resistance, you pig!\" He yelled, shoving the barber away from her. The men on either side of her let go in bewilderment, and the chanting faltered. \"She has contributed valuable intel to the Free French Army over the years!\" Reaching forward, he pulled Isabelle to her feet and, taking off his coat, draped it over her shoulders. \"She does not belong here.\" Isabelle hugged the coat about her body and looked up at Hugo. She tried to stop crying, but the tears kept coming, and her frame shook with repressed sobs. He studied her face with care, and his eyes hardened, but he simply put an arm around her. \"Come.\" He said. Isabelle, still crying, leaned into him and followed. The circle parted before them, and they passed through. But as they did so, Isabelle happened to look up and catch the eye of Alouette. It should not have bothered her, the look in the girl's eyes. \"Hugo...\" she could not help whispering. \"...the others?\" But Hugo did not answer, and the crowd closed behind them, resuming the chant. A/N: As the Allies advanced and the Nazis fled, many liberated towns filled with mobs of angry patriots exacting their own form of vengeance on traitorous countrymen who had collaborated with the Germans. Men were generally shot, women-both in France, Holland, and other places-were stripped and shaved in public before being paraded through the streets with swastikas painted on their heads. Of course, some of these women were spies, but many were simply girls who had fallen in love-or at least slept-with German officers. Pardon my French in this chapter-particularly if you understand French, though of course THAT begs the question why you studied those terms. I'm not going to provide translations... look them up if you want. Interestingly, French for \"idiotic bastards\" is essentially \"idiota bastarda,\" hence why Hugo is the only one who doesn't insult in French here. I also apologize for the somewhat dark subject matter, particularly in a fandom for such a lighthearted children's movie. But hey. That's war. ","Summary":" Winter, 1942 It was torture to be standing in the street like this, and not just because of the col"},{"Movie":"Hugo","Title":"Flowers","Author":"02AngelBaby75","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7613037","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Every day his first thought is, Flowers . It isn't something most people spend a lot of time thinking about, unless they were, say, a florist. Which, of course, he isn't. Rather, he is fulfilling his lifelong dream, or something close to it, working as the Station Inspector at a busy Paris train station, Gare Montparnasse. Not exactly what Mother and Father had in mind, but nonetheless, an important job which Gustav takes seriously. Very. Seriously . So one would think, dearest readers, that a quite mundane aspect of life, such as flowers, would occupy any space in Gustav's mind at all. It seems for the longest time his thoughts have mostly consisted of, Trains, trains, trains . Trains. People come here to get on them, and then to get off them. That's all. The only thing Gustav has to do is make sure this business runs smoothly. And for the most part, it does. However, lately, he has become-dare I say it-distracted. Indeed, he has become distracted by flowers. Well, not so much the flowers themselves, but the one who is selling them. There she will be, day after day, smiling pleasantly at the little old ladies who buy a bouquet on a whim, and then she will smile almost wistfully at the men who buy roses for their loves. At one time Gustav considered perhaps buying her some roses somewhere else, because after all that would be the gentlemanly thing to do. He actually had the money in his hands and was about to say, \"The red ones, please, they appear to be the smelliest,\" when he realized, Why would she want something she already has ? And there that brilliant idea went. Ever since then, Gustav has hardly worked up the nerve to even look at her. By this point, 'paranoid' would be a good word to describe him. Gustav is slightly paranoid by nature, which he sort of has to be in order to perform his work properly. But now it's her that's making him paranoid, her that's making him constantly glance over his shoulder, and to even doubt his instincts that there's indeed a little thief in this vicinity stealing a croissant at this very moment . The other day, for example, Gustav was once again engaged in a frenzied pursuit of a slimy child, who had stolen a man's wallet, when he happened to dash right past her . It was like time stopped then and next thing he knew Gustav was flat on his face on the shiny floor. As expected, though, he did end up catching the thief and returning the poor man's wallet. But what bothered him was not the fact that he had tripped, for that happened often but he always got the job done, but it was the reason he tripped. She made him do it. And yet this almost made him happy. While he was back on his feet in moments, the two of them had locked eyes and he had plainly heard the gasp escape her lips at his little, 'accident.' He felt a strange sense of pride in that she had noticed him, that she was concerned for his well-being. Gustav will never forget that look, her eyes widening in wonderment and an almost motherly manner in which she threw her hand over her mouth in shock. Yes, Gustav is most definitely distracted.[Chapter 2] Of course, he always has Maximilian. Gustav has had the dog since he was a puppy, a tiny, shivery little thing. His eyes were wide, black, and melancholy. A small girl and her mother were on a street corner trying to be rid of the last puppy, which was rolling around like adorable puppies do in a cardboard box. He never meant to take Max; it was definitely one of Gustav's odd moments where he experienced a lapse in judgement, giving in to the cuteness. Honestly, how could anyone with a heart say no to that ? \"How much?\" Gustav asked as he held the puppy that playfully licked at his nose. \"Just take him,\" the woman said, waving her hand. \"He's a troublemaker.\" \"Thank you's,\" and, \"Good days,\" were exchanged. The lady was quite nice, actually. Her hair was long and blonde, her eyes a clear blue. She did not smile. At least, the smile was insincere. It did not reach her eyes. She reminded him of someone in his past, someone almost completely forgotten by this point. Gustav wanted to talk a little longer, for he had been so lonely for so long. Even just a small chat on the subject of something as trivial as the weather would suffice. Anything, anything would be fine with him. Alas, it was clear the woman was in no mood for socialness. He only wanted companionship. He wanted one friend. Maximilian was a very sweet puppy; big of heart, yet dim of wit. The moment Gustav brought him home, the silly thing began running into walls. He was so excited he couldn't control himself, it seemed. All this energy, contained inside of this little body. It made the veteran smile with sincerity; he would get this fuzzy feeling in the pit of his stomach. Before Gustav had named him, he simply referred to Maximilian as either Puppy or, the odd time, Dog Child . That is what he was, after all. \"Maximilian, come here,\" he would say, and after a ridiculous amount of practice, Max would listen. Gustav was unsure of where he discovered the name Maximilian , but all he knew was that he liked it. And if his puppy liked it as well, than Maximilian it would be. To Gustav, the wonder of creation quite suddenly appeared rather fascinating. It was a joy watching little Max grow up. It made him laugh when the dog barked at the sound of the kettle boiling each afternoon when Gustav drank his daily tea; it made him think incredibly hard when Max snuggled with him as to why animals are in some ways, kinder than humans. It made him frown when Maximilian ripped up pillows and chewed on his shoes that he had just shined , thank you very much. Despite everything, perhaps Max's most prominent quality was the way he loved to chase things. It reminded Gustav of a cat, almost. Strings, mice, shoelaces, strollers. Anything that moved was not immune to Max's pursuit. This is the precise reason Gustav knew he had found the perfect companion that he could have ever wished for. He and Maximilian were an unstoppable force; Gare Montparnass would never quite be the same after they arrived. No orphan would ever cause trouble within this station again! She was not overly fond of Maximilian, Gustav thought. There really was no proof to back this statement up, besides that she would flinch if he ever approached her with Max trailing behind. Gustav had quickly learned if he were to ever speak with her, to leave Maximilian behind for the moment. Indeed, it made him fell a little guilty as Max would whimper pathetically as he walked away, squeaky knee brace and all. But what had to be done had to be done. If anyone knew this, it was Gustav Dasté. Despite their inevitable problems, Maximilian and Gustav were inseparable. And though Gustav grew tired of Maximilian's constant obsessive compulsive disorder involving moving objects, and Maximilian grew tired of being momentarily ditched for a lady who sold flowers, the two would not have it any other way. ","Summary":" Every day his first thought is, Flowers . It isn't something most people spend a lot of time thinki"},{"Movie":"Hugo","Title":"He's Only A Child","Author":"sarcasticbananas","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11043171","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Georges Melies did not care for Hugo Cabaret, and he definitely did not care about him. But still, he couldn't help but notice how tired the boy looked today. He sat in the back of the shop, fixing the small toys and trinkets at a much slower pace then was normal. \"Boy\" Georges called to him. Hugo looked up, slight bags framed his eyes, making him look as though he had missed several nights sleep. He coughed, and Georges realized that he didn't have a legitimate reason to have spoken. Inwardly, he knew that he had just wanted to see the boys face, but no. He didn't care about him. \"Why are you working so slowly? You should be able to finish that in half the time you're taking,\" He'd made this up on the spot, although once he thought about it a bit, he honestly did want to know. Hugo looked down at his feet, \"Sorry, my other job has been taking longer than usual.\" The boy seemed slightly ashamed at this fact, and Georges wondered what could be so important about his thievery, but still he scoffed \"Thievery is nothing to be proud of boy, what do I care if you can't hurry it up and get some sleep\" Hugo looked defiant, \"I told you, I have a different job. It's just been taking longer than it should.\" \"Well try to get some sleep tonight, you'll never get your notebook back at this rate\" **********************************************BREAKLINE********************************************* Hugo did not run from the toy shop back to the hole in the wall as he normally would have. He walked slowly, wincing as each step jarred his pounding head a little more. He glanced back at the toy seller, who was looking at him oddly. Hugo quickly stopped wincing, and painstakingly held his composure until he was out of sight. When he arrived at his apartment in the walls Hugo immediately collapsed onto the bed shivering. Heat radiated from his face and body, yet he felt no warmth. The entire room spun around him at a dizzying speed escalating the pain in his head to a level that nearly made him scream. He shut his eyes tight and let out a low moan that quickly turned in to a coughing fit. Air was catching in his throat, making it impossible to take a breath. He wrapped his arms around his middle, forcing air into his lungs and trying desperately not to cry. \"Oh no,\" he croaked aloud, once he could breath \"I can't be sick.\" But he knew he was. He wrapped the thin bed sheet around himself, and trying to find one spot in the frigid room that that had a bit of heat. He finally settled down on the bed again, placing his aching head on the frozen pillow and attempted to get a bit of sleep before he had to get up an check the clocks. Each tick of the small watch hanging by his bedside increased the pain in his skull until Hugo felt it might burst. Finally his head hurt so badly, that his well contained tears burst forth, creating hot wet lines down his even hotter face. This was going to be a long night. ****************************************BREAKLINE*************************************************** While Hugo was shivering in his bed, Georges walked briskly home. For some reason, he couldn't get the boy out of his head. That day, Hugo had repaired or built only five toys during all the hours he'd been there. Usually, the boy could have done twice that much in half the time. It didn't make sense. Gorges shook his head in disgust. What was he doing thinking about the thief? It didn't matter, the boy was obviously getting on well enough with his \"jobs\". Nevertheless, a new question arose in Georges' mind. Where did the boy live? It seemed as if he never left the station, but where could he stay where he wouldn't be found by the station inspector? These questions were drifting about Gorges' mind when he walked into his house. His wife greeted him at the door. \"How was work?\" She asked \"Fine fine\" he answered vaguely, still wondering internally about where Hugo resided. But she would have none of that. \"Georges, I can see that you are distracted, what is wrong? Did something happen at work?. Georges sighed, \"It is the thief, Hugo. He seemed ill. He is only a boy, and I can't help but wonder where he lives.\" \"How did he seem ill, maybe he was simply tired?\" \"That's what he claimed, but I'm not sure, he was very pale and his work took much longer than it usually does.\" Jeanne smiled, \"You are not worried about him are you Georges?\" Georges scoffed, \"Me? No. I simply want him to work faster. My shop has been getting good business of late. I need to keep up.\" \"Of course Georges, whatever you say.\" Jeanne said playfully as she swept from the room.[Chapter 2] When Hugo woke up, it was still dark outside. A light snow was falling past his small window, and the ground below was covered with a layer of white powder. It was a stunning sight, but Hugo did not notice it. His face and body were covered with a thin sheen of sweat, and he could feel the heat on his skin, yet he felt frozen. Shivering, he trudged through the thin sheet of snow on the floor that had come in through the cracked walls, until he reached the first clock. He wound it and timed it correctly, oiling it precisely. His shaking hands were so slow today, it was actually a good thing that he woke up so early. Otherwise he'd never have finished with the clocks on time. At about seven, he was finished. As quickly as he could, which wasn't very, he combed back his hair, washed his face, and all in all tried to make himself a bit more presentable. Isabelle's godfather would probably send him away if he knew that he was sick, and Hugo couldn't afford that. He needed his notebook. He exited the hole in the wall, and slowly walked to the toy shop. Georges was sitting by the front, reding the morning paper. As Hugo approached, the toy seller looked up expectantly. His eyes widened for a moment before his blank expression reappeared. Hugo guessed that he didn't fix himself up as much as he'd thought. Throughout the day, Georges gave Hugo small chores to do around the shop, all of which involved walking around or lifting, while watching the boy closely as he did them. After he finished each chore, Hugo looked a bit more tired and pale, and coughs rang out more frequently from the young child. \"You can go, boy,\" Georges finally sighed, after watching Hugo struggle to carry a chest of toys across the shop for a few minutes. Hugo put down the chest and looked back at the old man wide eyed, \"What? Why!\" Georges could see that he was distraught by the very idea of delaying the return of his precious notebook, but Georges was not a cruel man, the boy was obviously in great pain, and he pitied the child. Not that he would tell him that. \"I have some private matters to attend to and I'm closing early. You can come in tomorrow. Don't cry out like that, it won't affect anything to do with your notebook.\" Hugo seemed to breathe a sigh of relief, then he quickly exited the shop, and walked towards the book store around the corner. *******************************************BREAKLINE************************************************ Isabelle was reading. It wasn't unusual, especially since she was in a book shop, but she wasn't paying attention to her book. She was waiting for Hugo. He wasn't supposed to be there for about an hour, but she always came early just to read. Suddenly she heard footsteps behind her. \"Hugo,\" she exclaimed happily, \"you're early.\" He smiled tiredly, \"Yeah, your godfather told me to go. Said he had some stuff to do. Do you know what he was talking about?\" Isabelle shook her head, \"No, I don't think he's doing anything tonight.\" Hugo frowned and sat down across from her. \"But why would he make up something? He said I could come back tomorrow, so I don't think he wants me gone. Could he-\" suddenly he broke off into a fit of coughing. Thick coughs that were painful to listen to resounded from him as his pale form shook with the pressure. Isabelle stood up in a panic and watched helplessly as the smaller child struggled to catch his breath. Hugo's hands rose to cover his mouth, as he tried to stifle the coughs that pained his chest. Isabelle reached over and placed her hand on his shoulder in an attempt to calm him down, and was shocked at the heat radiating through his surprisingly thin clothes. \"Hugo, are you all right,\" she whispered as soon as his breathing returned to normal, \"You're so warm, are you ill?\" He looked up suddenly, \"No, no. I'm fine.\" He stood up, quickly pulling away from her grasp. \"Hugo!\" she cried as he ran down the corridor. But he was out of sight before she could follow. *****************************************BREAKLINE************************************************** Isabelle raced across the train station, searching for her Papa Georges. There was something wrong with Hugo, she had heard Mama Jeanne and he talking about it the night before, and she was going to find out what it was. She arrived at the toy booth just as he was packing up. \"Papa Georges!\" She called, running up to him, \"I need to ask you something!\" \"Isabelle! I was just about to come get you. What is it?\" he smiled down at her as he locked up. She crossed her arms and looked up at him seriously, \"What is wrong with Hugo.\" Georges brow furrowed as he looked down upon the sour faced little girl starting up at him. \"What do you mean Isabelle.\" \"Don't act like you don't know, I heard you and Mama Jeanne talking last night. What is wrong with him.\" He sighed, \"I believe that the boy is ill.\" Isabelle opened her mouth as if to speak but her godfather cut her off. \"I know what you're going to say but there's nothing I can do. He'll have to take care of it with his family.\" She looked desperate, \"But Papa Georges what if he doesn't have a family!\" \"Then I'll have to take him to the station inspector.\" Georges solemnly stated. But that, apparently, was the wrong thing to say. \"How could you! This boy has been loyal to you, and completely changed his ways for you, even though you stole his notebook, yet you still mean to betray him at the slightest chance! How could you!\" She dashed out into the snow sobbing, leaving her godfather standing alone at the toy booth, dumbstruck. He remembered every innocent child he'd seen dragged off by the station inspector, the look of pure terror and despair on their tiny faces. \"You're right Isabelle,\" he whispered to himself, \"But what else can I do?\"[Chapter 3] Hugo couldn't let Isabelle discover how sick he was. Her godfather would call the station inspector, and then what would happen to the clocks? To the automaton? To him! No, it was much better to just suffer in silence. But this was becoming more and more difficult as harsh coughs rand out more frequently from the young boy. He felt sick to his stomach, but he couldn't let anyone know. It was torture. The clocks were finally finished. It had taken him so long, that he was hours late for the toy shop, even though he hadn't slept a wink trying to work on them. Hugo wiped the grease off his hands onto his pants hurriedly as he raced to be at least somewhat on time, forgetting his ragged jacket in the process. Georges stood at the front of the booth, looking down the hall expectantly as he had the day before. Hugo was late, and as much as he didn't want to admit it, that worried him. The old man smiled in relief as the squeak of shoes on tile told him that Hugo had arrived. He turned around to reprimand the boy, and cover his relief, but something stopped him in his tracks. \"Boy,\" he whispered in astonishment, \"Are you alright?\" Hugo's worn jacket was gone, his ghost white arms revealed and shaking. His face was covered in a thin layer of sweat, and his cheeks burned bright red with fever. His normally bright blue eyes were dull and clouded with pain, and the boy's entire body shook rapidly. \"Y-yes. I'm f-fine.\" the boy stuttered, \"Don't call t-the st-tation inspec-\" Hugo's voice broke as he started to cough harshly, even louder and more painfully than the day before. Georges stood and watched in horror as the boy doubled over, his hands over his mouth as he attempted in vain to stop coughing. With one harsh final cough into his hands, Hugo stood up, panting. Suddenly he looked down at his hands. A single drop of deep red slid through his fingers and onto the floor. Hugo's eyes widened as he slowly turned to look at Georges. Their eyes met, then he bolted outside. Georges slowly bent down and looked at the red drop staining the floor. \"so,\" he said to himself,\" The boy is coughing blood.\" And he followed Hugo out into the snow. *******************************************NEXT-CHAPTER****************************************** The world was spinning at all angles and snow blurred his vision, but Hugo kept running. If Isabelle's godfather found him, he'd take him to the station inspector and then... well, Hugo couldn't really think that far right now. Run run run run run run run run. He had no idea where he was, but suddenly he was face first in a snow drift. There was loud music coming from a building nearby, and he was in some sort of back ally. A door opened in front of him and two men, one large, one small, emerged from the bar. \"I can't believe him! Throwing us out like that! I just wanna hit something!\" the bigger guy slurred, stumbling out on to the snow. The smaller, rat like, man backed up, almost tripping over Hugo, \"Well don't hit me Jacq, here, hit this,\" he said, picking up Hugo by his collar, \"It's almost dead anyways.\" Hugo squirmed weakly, but the rat was right, he was almost dead, and he felt it. He should have never left the station, he should have just gone to the station inspector, he should have- His thoughts were interrupted by a large fist cracking against his chest. Pain exploded from his ribs and and blood burst from his lips as a painful cough forced its way up his throat. He was suddenly slammed up against the ally wall, his head cracking on the hard stone. The ally spun around him at a dizzying speed everything seemed slow and fuzzy, like he was looking at it through a foggy window. He heard a piercing shriek cut through the air, and vaguely recognized it as his own. He heard shouts from the other end of the ally, and suddenly he was falling, falling, falling until he landed on the snowless rock by the bar doorstep. There was a sickening snap as his left arm twisted underneath him and shattered. All feeling left his arm, and the swirling of his surroundings was making him sick. Then someone was holding him, cradling him gently in strong arms, while running. But Hugo couldn't focus on this, something else was going to happen soon, and he didn't want it to happen while his face was buried in an unknown mans chest. \"PUT ME DOWN!\" he shrieked, twisting and squirming in the arms that held him. \"Please! Put me down NOW!\" Hesitantly, his anonymous savior placed him in the snow. Hugo turned and faced the bare ground, propping himself up onto his good arm as he was violently sick into the ice. Tears made their way down his face as the pain in his arm and stomach grew to match the fire in his head. A cool hand was placed on his forehead, as blood on sick came spewing out of his mouth once more. \"Are you done Hugo?\" his rescuer asked in a calm tone that Hugo had never heard pointed at him. Could it be...? \"Y-your Isabelle's g-godfather?\" He stuttered, his voice shaking with cold and fear. \"Yes,\" Georges said in the same, overly calm voice, \"and you are very sick.\" \"D-don't take me t-to the station inspect-tor. P-please!\" Hugo gasped. Georg's looked at the child shivering in his arms, and spoke truthfully, \"I would never do that.\" Hugo sighed and as his eyelids slid closed, Georges raced to save his life. ********************************************NEXT-CHAPTER***************************************** Isabelle was angry with her godfather. How could he even say that he would turn Hugo in? It was just inhumane! Unimaginable! She couldn't imagine it. And now he was late home from work, probably because he had just betrayed her best friend. She heard the door open and stalked out if the foyer into her room. She wouldn't look at him. Suddenly there was a gasp, and the whispered words \"Jeanne, call the doctor.\" Isabelle emerged hesitantly from her room, and like her godmother, gasped at the sight before her. Georges was holding a shivering boy in his arms, and it wasn't just any boy, It was Hugo. He was wearing only a thin shirt and short ripped pants. His overly thin body shook, and one arm lay limp and mangled by his side. Sweat and blood matted his hair to his too pale face, and his breathing was labored. \"What happened?\" Isabelle breathed, unable to comprehend what she saw. \"Some drunkards found an easy punching bag.\" George's growled, all distaste for the boy in his arms long gone. Jeanne came back in, looking flustered. \"He's on his way. Georges who did that? How-\" She was cut off by a ring of the doorbell. \"Quickly get the door, I'll put him on the bed.\" Georges said, carrying Hugo into the spare room. Isabelle stood and watched dumbstruck as Jeanne lead the doctor into the spare room. ************************************TWO-WEEKS-LATER******************************************* Hugo hurt. His chest hurt, his throat hurt, his head hurt especially. The only thing that didn't hurt was his left arm, but he couldn't feel that at all, so it wasn't much better. Something was wrong, aside from his evident injuries, but he couldn't quite put his finger on it. Then it came to him. No ticking. There weren't any clocks. But if he wasn't with the clocks, where was he? He cracked his eyes open, squinting as the evening light aggravated his headache. He was in a bed, a real bed, bigger than the cot he had back home. He was in a room nicer than his own too. There was a dresser and a window, with the curtains drawn, and no holes or cracks in the walls. He heard footsteps outside his door, and watched it open slowly. A head peeked inside hesitantly, and burst into a huge smile when it saw he was awake? \"Isabelle?\" Hugo asked in a dry voice. \"You're awake!\" she squealed happily \"I have to go tell Papa Georges!\" She started to run out of the room, but stopped when he called for her. \"Isabelle wait!\" She turned around to face him, \"Where am I?\" She laughed, \"It's kind of a long story, but I have to go get Papa Georges.\" She left, and after a minute, re-entered with her godfather in tow. \"See Papa Georges!\" she was saying, \"He's awake! For real this time!\" Hugo looked up at Georges from his bed. The old man wasn't glaring at him as he usually did, but smiling in relief. It almost seemed as if Georges was GLAD he was alright. But that was impossible, the man hated him. \"How do you feel.\" Georges asked, surprising Hugo slightly. \"Fine,\" he lied, not wanting to give the man an opportunity to call him out in whining. But he was met with a different kind of rant. \"Don't start that boy. Everyone here knows that you are definitely NOT fine. You've been unconscious for two weeks, concussion, pneumonia, lung infection. Everything imaginable was and is wrong with you boy, so DO NOT say you are fine!\" Hugo looked down in shame, \"Sorry.\" Georges' tone softened, \"Let's try it again shall we? How do you feel?\" Hugo coughed lightly before replying, \"I... hurt. Everywhere. Except my left arm. That I can't feel at all.\" Georges didn't seem surprised by this information, but he frowned sadly when Hugo mentioned his arm. This troubled Hugo for some reason he couldn't understand. Why would that make Georges sad? What was wrong with his arm! \"Why can't I feel my arm...\" he asked slowly. Georges sighed and Isabelle looked away. Hugo looked down in a panic. What was wrong... What was wrong... What was wrong with his arm... Where was his arm? \"Where is my arm.\" No answer. \"Where is my arm.\" His voice was calm, and forceful, and still no one replied. \"WHERE IS IT!\" There were tears flowing out of his eyes. But he didn't try to stop them. He couldn't fix things anymore. No clocks. No toys. No gears. No nothing. You can't fix things without two arms, two hands. He only had one. ******************************************BREAKLINE************************************************* One doctor said that he was in shock. Another doctor said that he was crazy. Yet another said it was brain damage from the concussion. They were all wrong, but Hugo didn't bother to set them straight. If his arm was gone, he couldn't fix things, he was useless. Why was it worth talking? Why was it worth living? It wasn't. So Hugo Cabaret hadn't spoken in three months. They had taken him to a therapist who had turned out to be a madman testing the limits of shock therapy. He had twelve scars from that. He had gone to a hospital that gave him a drug which made him see horrible things, day and night. He had screamed then. The doctors called that progress. George's called it torture. Hugo still had nightmares. A spiritualist doctor from Spain said that he had evil spirits inside of him, and cut his chest in elaborate designs. It got infected and Hugo's almost constant fever rose above 106 degrees. He had eighteen scars from that. Some strange doctor in colorful clothing thought that he needed to let his senses loose with acupuncture, and a four day \"vacation\" in isolation. As it turned out, she just liked stabbing him with needles when she was angry. Or drunk. When she was drunk, she hit him too, just like Jacq and the rat had. Hugo didn't sleep much anymore. Isabelle would talk to him. She sit and talk to him in his room, telling him about her day and her friends and pretending that he was listening. At night, when he couldn't sleep, and he'd wake up in a cold sweat, thrashing round silently in his bed out of fear, he'd hear her. Crying. Crying about him, because of him. It made him sad. But not sad enough to talk. ","Summary":" Georges Melies did not care for Hugo Cabaret, and he definitely did not care about him. But still, "},{"Movie":"Daybreakers","Title":"Frankie's First Love","Author":"xStreetCornerSymphonyx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5764071","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prologue It was two years before the horrific plague's outbreak. Two years before everyone I knew would become bloodsuckers. The world would change into a dark, disgusting place. Filled with people who only needed and wanted one thing: human blood. I met him at a club in New York City. My friends and I had a hard week at our office, and just wanted to hang out, let it all loose and have some real fun for once. He was doing the same. Just having a few drinks with his friends, catcalling at the ladies in the club, and getting as drunk as they possibly could. \"Hey Anna,\" my friend slurred, barely able to stand straight from all of the alcohol she was drinking. \"Go get us some more beer,\" she said, giggling uncontrollably, even though nothing funny happened. \"Laura, I think you've had enough,\" I replied, rolling my eyes as she stumbled and had to hold onto our table to keep from falling. \"Oh c'mon. Can't we just have fun for one night? God, I think you're the only one here who isn't drunk out of their mind!\" she giggled again, but stopped abruptly when a hiccup escaped her throat, which made her giggle even more. \"Laura, why don't you sit down?\" I suggested, watching her pathetically try to dance to the beat of Bad Romance by the Lady Gaga. Amazingly, this song was still on the radio occasionally for its popular beat that everyone seemed to adore. Just at that moment, my two other friends jogged over to us from the dance floor and took their seats at our tables for a quick break. Breathing heavily, they tried to tell me about how they were grinding extremely hot guys. I rolled my eyes. Honestly, I couldn't care less about who they were dancing with. Don't get me wrong, I wasn't all about responsibility. I knew how to have fun, and usually I was the life of the party. But tonight, we decided to drive, rather than catch a cab, and I had to stay sober so I could drive them all home. I was the only one here with self-control. \"Anna, go get us more beers!\" Laura repeated, still swaying wildly and off beat to I Gotta Feeling by the Black Eyed Peas. I rolled my eyes and obliged, walking over to the bar, and raising a hand to the bartender so he would come to get my order. \"I'll take four beers,\" I said to him. I ordered one for myself as well. What harm could one beer do anyway? Even though I wasn't planning on getting as smashed as Laura, she was right. I needed to loosen up and have some fun tonight. The bartender nodded, and I sat down on the stool knowing it would take about 5 minutes for him to get them to me; it was extremely busy tonight. I even felt claustrophobic sitting there, with tremendously drunk men and women crowding around me dancing, or asking for drinks themselves. The bartender came back surprisingly, about two minutes after I ordered. With four beers in his hand, he set them down on the table and said, \"That'll be $16.57.\" I was about to hand him the money, when a voice next to me said, \"I'll take that,\" and handed the bartender a $20 bill to cover my drinks. I turned to my right to see a man, probably about 23 years old, with a short haircut and a pair of jeans and a t-shirt on. He was cute. \"You don't have to,\" I protested, even though I knew the bartender already took the money and put it in the register. \"Yeah, I know,\" he said, taking his change from the bartender and putting the loose change in his front pocket. \"Thanks,\" I replied, giving him a small smile. \"So, I can't imagine your drinking all of those by yourself,\" he remarked, eyeing me curiously. It was times like this I just wanted to pause time, get a mirror, and make sure I looked good. I could feel my dark brown curls resting lightly on my shoulders and the last time I went to the bathroom, my makeup was still perfectly intact, so I hoped there was nothing to worry about, but still the haunting thought of an imperfection anywhere irritated me. I didn't want to turn him off at all. \"No,\" I said, giving a small laugh. \"I'm with some friends,\" I explained, my gaze resting on Laura, Stephanie, and Karen all sitting at the table, their faces beat-red from laughing hard at something that probably wasn't even that funny at all \"They look wasted,\" he stated, furrowing his eyebrows like they were from some other planet. \"They are.\" He turned his gaze back to me and smiled. He had a great smile too. It was charming and friendly, which made my heart feel like it was melting. \"I'm Frankie,\" he introduced, holding out his hand for a handshake. \"Anna,\" I replied, taking his hand and giving him a small smile back. \"So Anna,\" he said, cocking his head to the side and giving me a flirty smile this time. \"What do you say we ditch this place and go find somewhere cooler to hang out at?\" I stared in surprise. I never thought he would ask me that. Usually, if a guy asks a girl something at a club, it either has to do with going dancing, or sex. I couldn't tell if this was about sex or not, but he seemed decent, and somehow I felt like he was just being sincere, and he honestly wanted to take me to somewhere \"cooler\" where we could hang out together. And I liked the idea of hanging out with him more. Although I had just met him, I trusted him, so as he waited eagerly for an answer, I gave him the same flirty smile and replied, \"What did you have in mind?\" And as I watched him breathe a sigh of relief and start to reply, I realized that the speakers of the club blared at that moment: \"I gotta feeling, that tonight's gonna be a good night…\" Which made me smile even bigger. A/N: Hey! So I just saw Daybreakers over the weekend and I fell in absolute LOVE with Frankie. So I decided to write a fanfic about him and make up a past life with him and it will eventually lead into the story line too. And I think that the next chapter will be the prologue continued because it was too much to put all in one. So, please review! :D[Chapter 2] Prologue (Continued) After I had pleaded with my friends that they would leave right away, so that I could take them home, they finally agreed, and I was able to race them home, and then go back to the club to meet Frankie at the front of the club. He had a good vibe. One of those vibes that you could just tell he was a good person. And he was incredibly well-mannered too. He held the door open for me on the way out from the club, and offered me his coat when we realized it was colder than we thought outside on the chilly streets of New York City. \"So, you never did tell me where we were going,\" I reminded him. \"You'll see,\" he replied, giving me his cute smile again. I rolled my eyes and watched as tons of couples walked by us, hand in hand, beaming faces, and the occasional kiss on the cheek as they walked slowly by us, taking in every moment of this beautiful evening. I uttered a small shout when I felt someone's hand clasp around mine, and saw Frankie's usual gleaming face smiling at me when I realized it was his hand. \"Might as well fit in,\" he said shrugging flirtatiously. I smiled and shook my head at him playfully. I couldn't believe it. I had just met Frankie, and yet I felt like I'd known him for years. I'd never felt this way about a guy, especially one I had just met. \"How old are you?\" I asked. I'd been thinking about that all night. I could tell that he was in his early twenties, but I wasn't exactly sure. \"Twenty-three,\" he replied. \"What about you?\" \"Twenty-one.\" \"Cool,\" he said. \"We're almost here,\" he added, smiling again. I took my attention off of Frankie and looked around at where \"here\" was. And then I realized that we were heading towards a group of buildings. I didn't really recognize them and they looked a little intimidating from the darkness of the night and just because they looked vacant. Plus, I didn't know what we were doing because, it was too late for anything to be open, so I was completely dumbfounded. I guess he sensed that too. \"So I'm guessing you still have no idea where we are, huh?\" he said, chuckling at my confused expression. \"I have a feeling we're heading towards Central Park, but I'm not sure why,\" I admitted. \"You'll see.\" He smirked, mischievously. A few moments later, we were right in front of these vacuous buildings, staring up into their dark windows, and chilling darkness. The doors were large, and rusty, and I wasn't sure they were even unlocked, which was very strange. \"C'mon,\" he said, pulling me away from the front doors and to another small doorway on the side of the building, but was marked by another rusty sign that stated \"No Trespassing\". I watched with wide eyes as Frankie walked up to the door, pulled out a corroded nail, and picked the lock with ease, and then opened the door quietly, walked indoors a step, scanned the surroundings, and then turned back to me, holding out his hand, clearly asking me to sneak into the eerie vacant buildings as well. \"Uh…\" I muttered, guiltily glancing around to make sure no one was looking. \"Don't worry, I do this all the time,\" he reassured. I wondered what a 23 year old man was doing sneaking into old buildings at night… Against my better judgment, I reluctantly took my time walking up the cracked stairs, with weeds pulling through them, and then stepped into the building, grabbing Frankie's hand and holding on tighter than I planned out of a strange fear building up in my chest. \"C'mon,\" he said, grabbing my hand, pulling me deeper into the building. Luckily, large windows were all around the walls, and a faint light from the moon came through, allowing a tiny bit of light so at least I could make my way around without bumping into things. \"Why are we here? And why aren't we trying to be quiet? They might have security, you know,\" I told him. \"Yeah, they do. It's an abandoned building, but they want to make sure no one steals anything. And I'm not here to steal anything. Plus, the head security guard happens to be my best friend,\" he said. \"He covers for me all the time.\" \"And how does he do that?\" \"Well, he erases the tapes the security cameras record.\" \"So why didn't we just have him open the front door for us?\" I demanded, thinking about how he picked the lock like a thief, and how nervous I felt when we walked in. \"Because this way, its more fun,\" he said, smiling again. \"And I guess I should tell you my secret plans… since we're here and all,\" he added sighing like he really didn't want to tell me why we were here. \"I'm listening.\" \"So, when I was younger, let's just say I went through some tough things, so I would come here, because this used to be an apartment building, but after a huge fire, they closed it down. But before the fire, my best friend used to live there and we would hang here a lot,\" he paused, and swallowed. \"He died in the fire.\" \"I'm so sorry,\" I whispered, feeling extremely sad for him. \"It's okay. But anyway, after they closed the building, I used to sneak in here and just hang out here. It was a place to think,\" he admitted, refusing to look at me. I smiled at him anyway, and stayed silent. Mostly, because I didn't know what to say. \"Come on,\" he said, pulling me closer to him, leading me up four flights of stairs before he finally stopped in front of another door, which a sign that declared \"Rooftop\". He pulled on the latch, and opened the door. A cool breeze immediately cooled my face. He stepped to the side and nodded saying \"ladies first,\" with a cute smirk. I smiled, replying with a simple \"thank you.\" He took my hand again, and together we walked to the edge of the rooftop, and looked over at the skyline of New York City. It was absolutely breathtaking. I even gasped, and watched the lighted buildings shine vibrantly, and the Empire State Building, which looked magical and beautiful from our view. \"Wow,\" I muttered, walking closer to the edge and leaning my hands against the railings, narrowing my eyes and taking in every detail of the night. \"Amazing, huh?\" Frankie whispered, not letting go of my hand, but instead, squeezing it tighter. And it truly was amazing. As I stood here, watching the lights flicker and the buildings shine in the dark skies. I'd never seen New York from the view, and I was very excited to be able to experience it. It was utterly magnificent. I felt a tug on my hand and turned to see Frankie going to sit down on a bench behind us, and I quickly followed. We sat down next to each other and quietly watched the illumination that the buildings provided the atmosphere of this amazing city. \"I like it up here,\" Frankie stated, never taking his eyes away from the amazing sight in front of us. \"Sometimes, I come here, just to think. He makes me feel… peaceful.\" I couldn't believe how honest he was being. He didn't seem like the kind of guy that would spill his feelings to anyone, especially a girl he just met. But I wanted to hear more. So I squeezed his hand and let him continue. \"My friend, he was like my brother. And sometimes I wished he was. I do have a brother. His name is Edward, but I never really got along with him. But anyway, Jeff and I grew up together, from toddlers to teens. And he helped me and I'd like to think I helped him too. But when the fire started, it was right next to his door, and he couldn't make it out. And by the time the firefighters came, he was dead,\" Frankie admitted. I didn't know what to say. I didn't know if I could say something. I figured he just needed to talk, and I was willing to listen. \"I'm sorry,\" he looked away from the view, and looked at me again. \"I don't know… It's just that when I was little, everything was terrible. Edward, well, let's just say that everybody loves him. And it got annoying. He was extremely smart, handsome, mature, and everything about him was just good. And then there's me. His rebel little brother that could do nothing right. The straight \"D\" student. The troublemaker… that's me. And it's still like that. Edward has a stable job, a college degree… the list goes on. And I'm still the same old boy that I used to be. So, I come here. To relax and get away from it.\" He stopped talking and looked at the view again. \"You don't seem like a bad person,\" I said awkwardly, not really sure what else to say. He smiled. \"That's because you don't know me too well.\" \"Well, I mean you did sneak me into a abandoned building. I just can't imagine all of the other badass things you've done,\" I smiled back at him. He laughed, and punched my arm lightly and playfully. We talked for what seemed like hours. All about our lives, family, friends, everything. I told him about my sisters. Diane, who died two years ago from breast cancer, and Michelle, who was a stay-at-home mom of two beautiful children named Nick and Sharon. \"I like you Anna…?\" \"Smith.\" \"Anna Smith. I like you.\" \"I like you too, Frankie…?\" \"Dalton.\" \"Frankie Dalton. I like you too.\" He smirked and then gently pulled me into a kiss. And at that moment, I knew that even though I had only known him for a few hours, I was in love with Frankie Dalton. A/N: So I know that Frankie was a little out of character in this, but you never know what he was like before the outbreak and stuff. I figured we could look into Frankie's life a little more before he became a vampire. And sorry it took me a little bit longer to post this… I wrote it a while ago but decided to take a different approach so I had to change it completely. So yeah, thanks for reading, and please reviewww! =] PS: thanks to all of the people that reviewed last chapter! It means a lot(:[Chapter 3] Chapter One I twirled the ring around my finger anxiously. It sparkled, even in the dim light. I took it off and gripped it in my warm hands. I hadn't heard from him since three days ago… and it wasn't like him to not call me, even if he was away on business. Through my racing mind, I could hear voices coming from our TV, but I couldn't make out what they were saying. I picked up my cell phone that lay silently on the coffee table. I checked the front screen. No new messages. No missed calls. No nothing. I set my phone down and closed my eyes and pressed my fingers to my temples, rubbing them slightly to calm my racing heart. I picked up my phone again. With trembling fingers, I typed 'Frankie' into the search box, and then pressed call. I heard the number dial, and the phone rang once… twice… and eventually made it to six times before his familiar voice came through the phone. \"Hey its Frankie, I'm not here right now, leave a message.\" I closed my eyes even tighter and felt tears build up in my ice blue eyes. I wasn't worried about him, I knew he could handle himself, but I was worried about the plague. The plague that was consuming our country. Our world. And I was scared, because it changed you. Your appearance, your reactions, and it changed you. The person you were on the inside. I forced myself to open my eyes and dialed Edward's number. Frankie's brother. I wanted to share my concerns with him, but I knew he was already worried, and I just wanted to see if he'd heard from my fiancé. \"Anna? Did you hear from Frankie?\" he asked, as soon as he answered the phone. I could hear the worry in his voice. \"No… Edward, I'm so scared. Why isn't he answering?\" I asked, my voice starting to shake. \"Don't worry Anna. He'll be fine. Hold on, I'm coming over.\" \"Okay, thanks,\" I replied, before hanging up. If there was one person I trusted just as much as Frankie, it was Edward. And I was glad he was coming. I needed someone to talk to, to keep my mind occupied. I sat staring blankly at the TV for about fifteen minutes before I heard it. Our front door opened. Figuring it was Edward, I shouted, \"I'm in here.\" No reply. I heard footsteps, but they were slow, like they were trying to sneak up on me. I held my breath, and slowly turned my head. \"Edward?\" I couldn't make out the shadowy figure hiding in the dark. My heart beats quickened, as I slowly walked towards the light switch, and turned it on. \"Frankie!\" I shouted, running towards him and wrapping my arms around his neck happily. \"Where were you? Why didn't you answer my calls? I missed you!\" the words escaped my mouth quickly, but even after I said them, I received no reply. He felt cold. Too cold. Slowly, I released him, taking a step back to look at him. I almost fainted. He was gone. This wasn't my Frankie, this was… someone else. A stranger. His usual tan, warm, skin was replaced with ghostly pale, ice-cold skin, and his eyes were no longer the deep chocolate brown eyes I stared into every night before I went to sleep, but were a golden-brown color. They stared at me, and left me with a cold feeling—almost as cold as his skin. \"Anna,\" he whispered softly, his eyes scanning the room around us. \"I missed you so much.\" \"Frankie…\" I muttered, feeling my throat tighten uncomfortably. \"Don't worry, I won't hurt you.\" He took a step closer. I took a step back. \"Get back,\" I said firmly. He smiled, showing off his new tooth-job as well. My heart skipped a beat, and a took another step back. \"Why are you scared of me?\" He asked, that same chilling smile planted securely on his face. \"What happened to you?\" I asked, my voice shaking. \"I had to. For my job,\" he replied, the smile melting away. \"I…\" I didn't know what to say. I was at a loss for words. I prayed that any second, Edward would burst through the door, and help me somehow. \"I love you. And I want you to be mine forever,\" he said, taking two steps forward. I moved back about half a step, but then realized I was against the wall. Terrified, I pressed myself as far as I could and closed my eyes, hoping that when I opened them, my same loving Frankie was there in front of me, but I knew this wasn't a nightmare. This was real. \"I love you too,\" I whispered, staring at the floor instead of him. \"Do you want to be mine forever?\" he asked, stepping forward once again, until he was no more than six inches away from me. \"Yes, of course, but not like this!\" I protested, knowing what was coming. \"It won't hurt,\" he promised. \"I can't. Please go away.\" I felt tears dropping from my eyes as if there was a hurricane in them. I couldn't control it anymore. I was terrified, confused, and angry all at once. \"Anna please,\" he said, walking closer until his face was almost touching mine. I started to turn to move away, but he pressed his hand against the wall next to me, and it was too strong to move. I shook my head and pleaded him to stop. \"Please don't do this Frankie,\" I muttered, feeling his cold breath against my fragile neck. \"It won't hurt,\" he repeated, opening his mouth. I expected to feel the sharp pain as his fangs pierced my skin, but he puckered his lips and kissed me instead. \"Stop!\" I shouted, pushing on his chest in anger. He laughed, and didn't budge. Instead, he pressed his lips to mine, full force, and kissed me. I struggled to get away, but he wouldn't let me go. He wasn't letting me breathe. \"Anna?\" my eyes opened wide when I heard Edward's familiar voice come from the front door. \"The front door was open… is everything okay?\" he was walking toward us. Frankie didn't seem too pleased to see him. Definitely not as pleased as I was. I broke away from his strong hold, and ran over to Edward, who was just walking into the light of the family room. \"Frankie?\" he asked, as I cowardly stood behind him, thankful that he was here to talk some sense into his disease-ridden brother. \"Edward. It's not safe for you. You need to change. Just like everyone else,\" Frankie muttered, his eyes frantically searching the room for something I didn't know. \"What are you talking about? This is a plague, you can't choose to become it. It's a virus,\" Edward explained. \"Your wrong. We can change each other. I can change you. Both of you.\" His words made me shiver. \"If you don't change, they'll find you. And they'll kill you,\" he said, his voice starting to tremble. \"Frankie, think this through, you don't even know what's going to happen. We could find a cure for this!\" Edward protested. \"No. There is no cure. And there never will be.\" He turned his attention back on me. \"Anna, please, you need to come with me.\" \"No,\" I whispered, feeling more tears fall from my cheek. Instead of replying, Frankie started to growl. A mean deep growl that made both Edward and I take a step back. His nose twitched when he looked at both of us, and he closed his eyes. \"Do you know the best part of all this?\" he asked, that chilling smile once again forming on his face. \"You don't even need water anymore… just… blood,\" he continued, letting out a small laugh. Edward and I didn't move. Edward seemed focused on his little brother, and surprised me when he whispered, \"run\", to me. At first I didn't move. I was too scared, and my knees were locked in place. But then I saw the frenzy, and evil in Frankie's eyes, that once again sent chills down my spine. My eyes darted towards the garage door. If I could reach the door, get into the garage, and get my car, I could make it out. I spent about five more seconds contemplating this, until I realized I had no choice. I couldn't become this monster that my fiancé was. I closed my eyes, bit my lip, took one last glance at the man I fell in love with just two years ago, and ran. Frankie seemed to know exactly where I was headed. He started to run right after me, but Edward, managed to hold him back for a few seconds while I unlocked the door. \"Run Anna!\" he shouted. I grabbed my purse quickly off the counter, and looked one last time as Frankie opened his mouth, and forced it against Edward's neck. I let out a sob, but turned away, and ran out the door. Luckily, I had left my car unlocked the night before, so getting in was an easy job. I locked the car doors and started the engine. Opening the garage, I began pulling out, but jumped when I heard a loud thud on the hood of the car. I turned back around to see Frankie, his mouth dripping with his own brother's blood, smiling at me through the windshield. I floored the gas, and the car hurled out of the garage, knocking Frankie off onto the grass. Pulling away from the house, I drove far away from our neighborhood, look once more into the rearview mirror, where I saw Frankie standing in the middle of the road, covered in blood, with that same chilling smile planted on his face. A/N: And here is chapter one! Please read and review =]![Chapter 4] Chapter Two I didn't know where I was going. So I just drove. I drove for miles. I drove until I was out of the state, and headed towards another. I drove all night, until I got so tired, that I had to stop at a hotel. I pulled out the wallet in my purse and paid the man $50 for one night at his crappy inn that he called a \"bed and breakfast\". Shutting the door, I made sure all of the locks were locked, and I sat down on the bed, turned on the TV for noise and comfort, and pulled out my phone. Six new messages. Frankie. Frankie. Frankie. Frankie. Edward. Edward. Frankie called four times; Edward two. Although I wished there were no new messages, so that I wouldn't have to deal with either of them tonight, I was happy that Edward called, so that I knew he was well enough to be able to call me. So, I took a deep breath, dialed in Edward's number and pressed 'go'. Every ring was like a death sentence, and as each one slowly passed, my heart beat got faster and faster, until I thought it was ready to pop out of my burning chest. I closed my eyes and silently prayed he would pick up the phone. It was four o'clock in the morning now. And I was scared out of my mind. \"Hello?\" a very familiar and comforting voice answered the phone, even though it was hustled, and was full of fear. \"Edward?\" \"Anna? Is that you? Where are you?\" he demanded. \"New Jersey,\" I replied, not ready to give up my exact location just yet. \"He's not with me,\" Edward whispered, sensing my concerns. \"He went looking after you.\" I closed my eyes tighter and shook my head. If he found me, he'd change me. And I didn't want that. \"He won't find me,\" I replied, trying to reassure myself, as well as Edward. \"Anna… they're all over the place. They're vampires. Do you have a TV?\" he asked. \"Yeah. And what do you mean by vampires? And are you okay? What happened? Did he change you??\" I asked, utterly confused about everything. \"Turn on channel 3.\" I bit my lip, knowing that Edward had been changed, and flipped to the news on my TV. Images of these perfect, creatures flooded the screen. Golden eyes, pale skin, and large fangs offered fear and hope to people everywhere. A women came on the screen that had been battling cancer, but once she became infected, the cancer receded and now she was perfectly healthy again. But then there was their need to feed. The thing that kept them going wasn't pure natural water, or anything like that. Instead, their main food source was in fact, as Frankie had told me, blood. I shuddered as they showed a clip of a newly infected being attack a human on the sidewalk, although the picture flipped to another segment quickly, as the vampire began to feed on her innocent body. I felt my breathing get heavy, and my heart rate quickened once again as I struggled to understand everything that was happening. Humans were no longer at the top of the food chain, these things, these 'vampires' were. And somehow I didn't think they were quite as charming as Stephanie Meyers made them out to be. These vampires were no Edward Cullen. \"Oh my God…\" I muttered into the phone that I was barely holding on to. I felt like fainting. This couldn't be happening. \"Where do you think you'll go?\" Edward whispered, knowing that I'd made up my mind, and I would not be coming back to him, or the love of my life. \"I'll start at my sister's… To see if she's still human. And then…\" I paused. \"I have no idea.\" \"It's spreading like wildfire. I'd say, go to your sister's and then get out of the country, if you can. I understand how you feel, Anna. If I had a choice, I'd be running with you right now. Most people are thinking of this as a blessing, but nothing good will come out of this. I can tell.\" \"I know. I can't believe this though. Why would Frankie have to change? Why would he have to change for his job? It's just not fair!\" I whined into the phone, feeling tears start to drip down my cheeks slowly again. \"I know Anna, I know. I'll help him understand. Call me okay? Any chance that you get. Just so that I know you're safe,\" he whispered again, his voice shaking slightly. \"I will. But, can you do something for me?\" I asked, my voice trembling as well. \"Anything,\" he responded. \"Will you tell him that I love him?\" * * * I woke up the next morning at 6:00AM on the dot. I had set the alarm, and though I had only slept for about 2 hours, I felt energized. Maybe it was because I knew I had to get to safety, or maybe it was because Edward had told me Frankie was looking for me. And I didn't want him to find me. After I checked out of the hotel, I got in my car and first drove to a grocery store. My sister lived in Atlantic Beach, North Carolina, which was about a 10 hour drive from Morristown New Jersey, which was where I was currently at. If I left at exactly 6 in the morning, I'd be there at about 5, with stops, so I knew I'd have to get snacks for the drive if I wanted to get there as early as possible. I had five missed calls in the morning. One from Edward, and three from Frankie, and one from my own mother. I found that odd, since I hadn't talked to my mother in years. I knew she was probably worried, which made me feel bad that I didn't have time to call her back, at least until I made it to Michelle's house. I spent less than thirty minutes at the grocery store, picking up small items I could snack on throughout the day. Granola bars, apples, water bottles, and even a bag of Goldfish. As I walked out the doors, I kept my head down, wearing a baseball cap to cover my eyes. Although it was confirmed that the vampires could smell human blood, I thought it would give me some coverage and might keep me safer than someone who acted scared constantly and wore open clothing, showing their tan skin, non-fanged teeth, and their normal colored eyes. And even though it was summer, I wore a heavy black sweatshirt, jeans, and boots, although making it seem as subtle as possible. Back in my car, I got prepared for my 10 hour journey. I put my Bluetooth in my ear, and dialed my sister's number, just to see if she'd even answer. Sure enough, she answered after three rings, her voice panicked, and swollen with fear. \"Anna? Anna is that you?\" \"Yes, Michelle, it's me. Are you okay? Are the kids safe?\" I asked, letting out a sigh of relief that even though she sounded scared, she was okay, \"Yes, yes, we're all fine. Where are you? Are you with Frankie?\" she asked. The last question sent a stake through my heart. \"No. I'll explain when I get there.\" \"Is he okay? He's not one of… them, is he?\" she asked. \"Yeah Michelle. But listen, I'm on my way from Jersey. I'll be there by about five, okay?\" I heard Michelle gasp when I told her about Frankie, and then start whispering \"Oh my God!\" over and over again. \"Listen to me, Michelle! Stay indoors with the kids. Don't open the door for any one. Don't trust anyone, and don't leave the house. Okay?\" \"Yes, of course. Just please hurry,\" she whispered, before hanging up. I bit my lip. I struggled to hold in my tears, but they all came out, and there was nothing I could do to stop them. My vision blurred, and I could barely see when a foreign object jumped out in front of my car, and I had to pull to a screeching stop. Hey! So sorry its been so long since I updated… I've been extremely busy with school. But now I'm on Spring Break so hopefully I'll be updating quicker. So yeah, this chapter wasn't much, but I promise it'll get better, and Frankie will be in the story soon enough. I just needed to put a chapter that gave you an idea about where Anna was going and whatnot. Thanks for all of your wonderful reviews! I hope you enjoyed this chapter![Chapter 5] Chapter Three The car came to a screeching holt, and I was just able to make out the thing that almost got himself killed when it ran out in front of my car. It was a dog. He looked like a mutt, with short jet black fur, and two cocked ears, and was one of the cutest dogs I've ever seen, at that. Being a sucker for animals, I jumped out of my car and ran to the front, where the poor dog cowered, its tail between its legs, and its ears pulled back. I offered him the back of my hand to sniff, and he let me pat his head. Not wanting to leave him to be drained for certain by the vampires, I lured him into my car and set him in the backseat. He immediately lay down, his feet spread completely out, and his eyes closing slowly, his chest rising slowly and rhythmically, and it made me feel calmer. I was glad I was going to be able to help another being out. It made me feel good inside, despite everything that's happened. I jumped when I felt my phone vibrate. Edward was calling. \"Hello?\" \"Are you at your sister's yet?\" he asked. \"No. I still have about 9 hours to go.\" \"Hurry,\" he said, before hanging up on me. The franticness and panic in his voice made me shiver with fear. What if it was getting worse? And the fact that he didn't stay on the phone long told me that Frankie was with him. Or another vampire. So I continued driving, gripping the steering wheel forcefully, embedding my nails in the fresh leather. I knew it would be a long drive from there. OoOo OoOo I arrived at my sister's house at 5:27PM. I only stopped once, at a small grocery store. I bought two bags of dog food, a collar, leash, dog bed, and some food and water dishes. And went to the bathroom while I was there, to make the most out of the time. My sister was an even bigger mess than I had originally imagined. She was so terrified, she paced around the room, bit her nails down to the core, and murmured to herself that we were all going to die. She wasn't doing good. And naturally, her children, who looked up to her, were even more scared because of how upset Michelle was. They did, however, enjoy having the dog around and even named him Maxx, after their father, who died 5 years ago from a heart attack. Nick was 10 years old, and Sharon was 12. I couldn't imagine the way they felt, especially now, when they're world is falling apart, and they had no father to lean on for support. So, I knew I had to be calm. No matter how scared I was, no matter how much I wanted to give up, I knew I needed to stay calm for not only Sharon, Nick, and Michelle's sake, but for my own as well. \"I'm going to bed.\" \"I turned around to see Michelle, standing in front of the stairwell, her eyes wary and tired, and her voice still shaking slightly. I stood up and hugged her. She broke down in my arms, her tears soaking the sleeve of my t-shirt. \"What's going to happen to us,\" she whispered in between sobs. I didn't reply. Mostly because I didn't have the answer. I didn't know what would happen to us. Sure, this might pass over, and the cure would be found, and everything would be fine again, but that was extremely unlikely. From what I heard on the news, this \"vampirism\" was spreading across the entire country, and the entire world. She stopped hugging me and crying, and looked into my eyes. \"I'm sorry I'm such a mess. I was just so scared to begin with, but I knew you would come to help. But then when you told me Frankie was changed… I just didn't know what to think. Now we're just two women, protecting two young children… It would just be nice to know there was a man on our side. A man we could trust,\" she admitted, shivering and sniffling slightly. \"I know, Michelle. But we have to get through this. I'm still contacting Edward sometimes. He can help us,\" I replied. \"Has he been changed?\" she asked, hope clouding the fear in her eyes. \"Frankie changed him,\" I replied softly. The hope faded from her eyes as quickly as it had come. \"Has Frankie tried to contact you?\" \"Yes.\" \"Have you answered? Or said anything to him?\" she asked, anxiously. \"No. I'm scared he can track my number or something… Not that I don't trust him… because I do. But that trust kind of died away when he tried to bite my neck yesterday.\" She didn't reply. She switched her gaze from my blue eyes, to her family room floor. She shook her head slightly. \"You need to call him,\" she said. \"Maybe Edward has gotten some sense into him. Maybe that was just his initial reaction, maybe he can help us,\" she said, once again, her hopes getting higher with every positive thought that came to her mind. \"I'll try,\" I said, reaching into my pocket for my phone. And that's when I remembered that I still needed to call my mother, Edward, to tell him I was at my sister's house safely, and now Frankie. And so I even called them all in that order. My mother was shocked to know what happened between Frankie and I. \"A good husband would accept your decisions, and not try to force them upon you when you don't agree with him!\" she exclaimed. I shook my head but didn't say anything. What could I say? I still loved him. But in a way, she was right. He should've given me time to think. I talked to her for about a half hour. Filling her in on where I was currently at, and trying my hardest to keep her calm and told her not to worry. She said she wouldn't, but I knew it was just a natural response for parents to worry, especially when there's always the chance that the next day, your daughter wouldn't be your daughter anymore; just a blood-thirsty vampire. Next I called Edward. He answered after just two rings, and sounded even more worried than my own mother. \"Anna? Anna where are you? Did you make it to your sisters?\" he asked quickly. \"Yes, yes. I'm at her place now, and we're all safe. What's going on? Edward, where do we have to go to get away from all of this?\" I asked, hoping and praying he'd tell me that we didn't need to go anywhere, because the cure was almost finished. He didn't answer my prayers. \"Hide. You have to leave your house. They'll find you. The news station tonight just announced that any human that refuses to turn, will be farmed for blood. They're setting up a huge corporation for it and everything. They've already caught some people, but now they're just going door to door. They predict that more than half the population of the entire world will be vampires by the end of the month. You don't have much time.\" My heart skipped a beat. More than half the population? What about humans? They were just going to be used like machines, just to be farmed for humans? That wasn't right! I felt my heart beat quicken again, and my head started to turn. I couldn't believe this was happening. \"Where do you suggest we go?\" I asked, trying to keep my voice calm enough to be able to talk straight. \"Live on the roads for a few days. Pack pillows, clothing, and lots of food. Only stop for brief bathroom breaks. Do that until you find some place better to hide. I'll let you know if I find out anything else. I'm so sorry Anna. I can't believe this is happening either.\" \"Edward,\" I paused, and took a deep breath. \"Is Frankie there?\" I asked, trying, but failing, to suppress a chill that ran down my spine. \"I don't think that's a good idea,\" he replied, knowing exactly what I wanted. \"Please, I need to talk to him,\" I said. Michelle made sense in a way, when she told me I should call Frankie, but somehow, I think I wanted to talk to him for my own selfish needs. Just to hear his voice again, even if it was just for a brief moment, my heart would melt. I heard Edward sigh on the other end. And my brain told me to say 'never mind' and hang up. But my heart kept my lips shut, and my brain finally shut up too, when a very familiar voice came on the other line, and whispered, \"Anna.\" \"Frankie,\" I stuttered, wishing this would all end, and I could go back to him and sleep in his warm loving arms again. \"Where are you?\" He demanded. \"I-I can't tell you,\" I replied, trying to hold back the tears that so desperately wanted to creep out of my eyes. \"Yes you can, Anna. I won't hurt you, I promise. I need to make sure your safe.\" \"And how do you plan to do that? By changing me?\" I asked, even though I knew the answer. \"It's the only way Anna. If you don't change, you'll die. Why can't you just understand that?\" he asked, the tone of his voice rising with his anger level. \"It's not that simple Frankie. This is my life were talking about! You change Frankie… This thing, this disease… It changes you! And I can't become that… I'm so sorry.\" At first, I thought he had hung up on me. I couldn't even hear him breathe on the other end of the phone line. Just a silent call. A dead silence, that cut me to the core. I was about to hang up, when I finally heard him take a breath. \"Anna. They'll find you. And they will kill you.\" \"I'll hide. I won't let them find me.\" \"You can't hide Anna. You're not safe. And you never will be. I love you, Anna. But I can't help you if you don't tell me where you are.\" My heart stopped. I missed him too much. I missed the way he told me that he loved me. And I missed his tan, flawless face, always smiling at me. I missed the way he would do anything to cheer me up, even if I felt like my world had completely fallen apart. I didn't want to loose him. I couldn't loose him. I was in complete, sickening, love with him. \"I—I…\" I paused for a moment, thinking hard. \"I… I can't Frankie. I can't tell you where I am. And I can't let you change me either. I'm so sorry. I love you so much.\" I started crying again. I didn't hear him speak. The only sound I heard, was the click of the phone button when the line went dead. I cried even more. I had just lost the one person I truly loved. The one person that made me feel like the most amazing and special person on earth. And now, my world really was falling apart. But there was no one here to cheer me up. He was gone. And I had a feeling that if I ever saw him again, he wouldn't think twice about sending me to the farm, to be drained of all blood, so he could eat me for his afternoon snack. I hope you liked it. I wanted more Frankie action, and trust me, this is definitely NOT the last time we hear from our beloved beautiful Frankie in the story, and soon he'll actually show up face to face with Anna, but you'll just have to wait and see for that moment to come. But anyway, thanks for reading and reviewing, and I love you guys! P.S.: I decided to update on my birthday… So now you have to review! I'm one year older today! Woot! : D[Chapter 6] Chapter Four \"Audrey, can you come help me harvest the vegetables?\" She turned around, her dark brown hair pulled back into a messy ponytail. Her dark brown eyes stared into my light blue eyes, and she nodded, forcing a small smile. \"We're running out of tomatoes. And you know how Elvis gets when he doesn't have his tomatoes,\" I stated, crookedly smile at the memories we shared. \"I remember that. He got so mad, he wouldn't eat, and wasted a perfectly good salad. Just because he didn't have his silly little tomatoes.\" She chuckled slightly, as we walked into our greenhouse. About ten ripe tomatoes sat on the first table, the brightest red, and soft and juicy, just the way Elvis liked them. I knew he'd be happy; it wasn't often we were able to harvest juicy plump vegetables in our makeshift garden. \"Jack came back last night with a few more survivors. They were weak, and scared, but I think after some time they'll get it together and be a great part of the team,\" Audrey noted, trying her hardest to make conversation that didn't involve the bloodthirsty vampires that wanted so desperately to sink their teeth into our fragile skin. \"That's good. We need more people here. It's like people are getting scarcer and scarcer to find,\" I trailed off, knowing that everyone in the building with me could very well be the last humans on earth. I shuddered at the thought. \"We'll find help,\" Audrey reassured. Elvis wants us to find a vampire, someone we can trust. I mean, they can't all agree with what's happening to humans. There's got to be at least one that actually has somewhat of a heart. Didn't you know someone? A vampire, that wanted to help you?\" she asked. \"I haven't talked to him in years. I don't know what happened to him. For all I know, he could be the leader of the vampire army.\" \"Oh.\" She was disappointed. We all were. Even though the vampires needed our blood, we never thought they'd run us almost to extinction. And that was exactly what they were doing. After I had collected some tomatoes, carrots, and bell peppers, I walked over to our small stereo and clicked 'play'. Someday by Rob Thomas softly sounded from the speakers. I smiled and whispered the words along with the lyrics. Audrey joined in, and suddenly, we were back in 2010, singing like we were two teenagers at a karaoke bar not caring who or what heard us. At the end of the song, we both cracked up. Not because something funny happened, but because we were actually having fun. And having fun wasn't really an option when you lived in a world infested by cannibalistic vampires. After the vegetables were gathered, we went into the main room, where Elvis and some other people were standing around a small table, figuring where we'd find some more survivors, I guessed. \"Audrey, I want you Lauren, George, and Brian to go downtown tonight, take the car. There are some people trying to make connections with us. They live in a shed, right by town. Anna, you'll stay here and help me get in touch with more people.\" We all nodded and Audrey and I split apart, Audrey going with her crew, while I stood beside Elvis, as he played around with our radio that barely even worked now. \"We need a new radio,\" Elvis commented, trying to find a clear station he could use to call other survivors. \"Really? You just figured that out?\" I replied sarcastically. He smirked and continued to fiddle through the station. \"Audrey tells me you know a vamp. That could maybe help us.\" \"Well, Audrey doesn't know all of the details. It's not that simple as to calling him up after ten years and saying, \"Hey you wanna help out a bunch of humans? Yeah the same humans you're supposed to kill and harvest for your dinner.\"\" \"Did he chose to become a vampire?\" Elvis asked. \"Well, no, but things change Elvis. I have no idea where he is, or what he thinks now.\" \"Well it can't hurt to try.\" \"I beg to differ. If he's not on our side, he could find out where we are, and then send us to the farm.\" \"Listen Audrey,\" Elvis turned around in his chair, staring at me intently. \"Vampirism changes you, there's no doubt about that. But not everybody. And sometimes, it doesn't cut to the core. Maybe this person doesn't agree with them. Some vampires don't agree that what they're doing to the humans is right. If you know this person, he has to feel something. Sure, vampirism changes your diet, eye color, skin color, and hell, you can't even see yourself in a mirror, but it can't wipe away your memories. If you shared something with this man, or woman, they will always remember that, no matter how hard they don't want to remember. We need vamps we can trust. And if that means taking a risk, then so be it. We take a risk every single day, just by waking up in the morning.\" It took me a few minutes to soak in everything that Elvis was telling me. I never thought about it like that. To be honest, I'd never really thought about it at all. My last phone call with either Frankie or Edward was years and years ago. I had no idea what had happened to either of them. \"I don't know Elvis… I mean, Edward didn't chose to change, my fiancé, Frankie, changed him. Edward pretty much sacrificed himself for me. But, he could've changed.\" \"Well, there's only one way to find out. Is there anyway you know how to contact him?\" Elvis asked, glancing at a phone at the end of the table. \"Well, I don't think calling is the best idea. They could probably track it. But I remember where he used to live. Maybe we could start there?\" \"Good, good. Get some sleep, kay? We'll go after him tomorrow,\" Elvis said, giving up on the extremely old radio and rubbing his temples in annoyance. \"We need to find a better radio. I can't take this one anymore,\" he muttered. I smiled and patted his shoulder with sympathy, and then started walking back to my room, which I shared with Audrey and Lauren, both of whom I thought of as sisters. They were my only good friends here. I laid down on my bed and stared at a picture frame on the table next to me. Inside the frame, which had the word, 'love' imprinted on the bottom, was a picture of me and Frankie. He had gotten it for me for our one year anniversary, along with a box of chocolates, a rose, and a romantic dinner. And it was the first time I had told him I loved him, and truly meant it. I shut my eyes and tried not to think, but there was just too much to think about. About five years ago, my sister had become delirious, constantly thinking there were vampires after her and her two children. She became paranoid, always muttering and whispering that 'they'd find her and kill her and her children.' I'd tried to talk sense into her, and tell her that she was safe, and no one was going to find her, but she wouldn't listen. Her mind was shot. So, one day, she went out and found a vampire that was willing to change her, Nick, and Sharon so that they'd be safe. I tried to change her mind, and tell her it wasn't the right thing to do, but she would have none of it. Michelle promised to keep the whereabouts of our little human sanctuary a secret, but the next day, she and her kids were gone. Leaving only a small note that said, 'I'm sorry', strapped to Maxx's collar. So now, as Maxx sat comfortably at the end of my bed, I realized that he was the only memory I had of my beautiful sister. I had burned the note. I was furious with her, and I couldn't stand to have it sitting around. I sat up and patted Maxx on the head, not willing to loose him anytime soon. He was all the family I had left. I cried. For hours after Michelle left. I had lost everything, everything and everyone. I was alone in a world full of monsters. And that's when Elvis joined our clan of humans. He was a vampire, but after a car accident, lighting on fire and then being dumped into a body of water, he magically became human again, and he was happier than ever. He didn't agree with what the vampires were doing to the humans, and he wanted to stop them. He, Audrey, and Lauren had saved my life. Together, they pulled me out of my depression, and made me realize that all of the remaining humans needed my help in order to survive. True, I just wanted everything to be normal again, and at the time, dying didn't seem so bad, but then it did occur to me that the human population was dwindling, and they needed all the help they could get. Even me. I patted the spot next to me, and Maxx stood up and cuddled next to my side, offering a comfort that I hadn't felt in years. I wrapped my arms around his neck and shut my eyes tight, trying to forget the painful memories and move on with my life. I fell asleep about a half hour later, and even though I was sleeping, my mind was still racing, and it wasn't a surprise when I woke up to scrambling downstairs, which reminded me that Lauren and Audrey weren't in their beds, so they probably just got back from their mission. I got up and pulled my hair into a messy ponytail, and then ran downstairs, Maxx by my side, and saw the rescue group in the family room. \"Anna!\" Audrey, ran over to me and stood in front of me, a smile on her flawless face. \"What was the name of your brother-in-law?\" she asked, hope glimmering in her eyes. \"Edward. Edward Dalton,\" I replied, furrowing my eyebrows when I saw her eyes light up even more, an even bigger smile taking over the small one that appeared earlier. \"I told you!\" Lauren exclaimed from behind Audrey, smiling as well, and looking over at George, one of the other members of the team. \"What's going on?\" I asked. \"We saw him, Anna! Well, we got into a car accident, with his car, but he helped us! He sheltered us when the police came by, and before we left, I checked his name tag, and I knew it sounded familiar, but I wasn't sure. And we decided not to ask, because we didn't want to make a huge mistake, but it was him! He saved us, Anna. He hasn't changed,\" Audrey told, the huge smile never fading. Elvis smiled too, not able to hide his reassured mood. \"I guess we know which vamp we're going after. Audrey and Anna, get some sleep. You're going to find him tomorrow. We can't let this opportunity go. He'll help us, especially when he knows he'll be helping his sister-in-law,\" he said, winking at me. I wanted to say something, but I couldn't. I was speechless. I was going to see Edward, the man I hadn't spoken to in years, the man that probably knew where Frankie was. Frankie was probably with him. I mean, they were brothers. Wouldn't they stick together? I couldn't help but smile, and Audrey took that as a good sign, so she wrapped her arms around me and squeezed. \"This is it Anna. Edward could be our savior,\" she whispered, not even trying to conceal her excitement. I just giggled and squeezed her back. I knew this could very well be our way out, but I also knew that trusting a vampire could have its consequences. The search for blood was getting to be a harder and harder task, and nowadays, the vampires weren't getting enough of it, and were becoming extremely aggressive. And I knew that after tonight's act, Edward wouldn't turn us in, but that didn't go for other vampires. Ones that spent all their time hunting humans. Ones that didn't care who they hurt or how they hurt them. Ones that were forced to hunt humans for their job. Ones like Frankie. A/N: Woohoo! The next chapter, Anna will have her first encounter with Edward as a vampire. So yeah, this is where my story will merge with the actual movie. Like instead of just Audrey going to Edward's house, Anna will go too. So yeah, I hope you liked it, and I hope it's as much fun reading it, as it was writing it! And as always, thanks so much for all of the reviews and support, I really appreciate it! Thanks so much! BTW: I just wrote chapter five, and its like the longest chapter I've ever written, and it was a lot of fun to write. So if you really like my story, and are looking forward to reading chapter five, all you have to do is review! Because chapter five is ready! Thanks![Chapter 7] Chapter Five Audrey and I had to be extremely quiet. We stepped lightly on our feet, making sure that each step we took was no louder than if we were mice. We each held one large crossbow, and I had three knives in my back pocket, just for extra security. Audrey was able to look up where Edward's house was, so Elvis and Jarvis dropped us off at the end of the neighborhood where he lived, and then sped away, leaving us to make the nerve-racking trip to his backdoor. We knew that if they dropped us off at his house directly, it would've been too obvious, and walking quietly was the best way to do it. Luckily, no vampires were out, because it was daytime. When we finally made it to his house, my heart was beating so fast, I thought it'd break through my chest. Audrey must've sensed my panic, so she placed a reassuring hand on my shoulder, and together we snuck into his backyard and then walked to his backdoor. Small beads of sweat dripped down my forehead, but I didn't care. During the span of only five minutes, I could be dead. And it was only natural to sweat if your life is only hanging on by a thread. \"It doesn't looked locked,\" Audrey whispered, and sure enough, as we walked up to it, the doors slid open. Security Alert. Backdoor ajar. A security charm vibrated throughout the house, making me jump slightly. It was dark inside, but we could hear a sound in the room next to us, that let us know that someone was definitely here. I honestly couldn't believe this was happening. It was almost unreal, that we were in a vampire's home. And I was truly scared out of my mind. Audrey, realizing that we were visible in the dim light, stepped back, pulling me back too, so that we were in the shadows. And then we heard footsteps, coming in our direction. The footsteps got slower and slower as he came closer towards us. And through the light, I could barely make out his face, but I knew it was Edward. And even though his skin was deathly pastel, and his eyes glimmered gold instead of his old deep brown, it was him all the same. He flipped on the light, and the first thing he saw was the end of Audrey's loaded crossbow. He put his hands up, and then his eyes flickered in my direction. \"Hi,\" Audrey said, trying her best to put on a smile. When he didn't reply, Audrey spoke again. \"We need your help,\" Audrey stated, but, Edward never took his eyes off of me. I offered a small smile, but he seemed to be in a mental state of shock. \"A-Anna?\" he stammered. \"Is that really you?\" I couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief. He remembered me. I smiled at him and nodded. \"It's been so long,\" I managed to mutter. \"I-I can't believe it,\" he murmured. He glanced behind him once, as if looking for someone, but then turned his focus back to us. He looked frantic, and panicked. I wondered if I was giving off the same fear that he was. \"We've been searching for vampires we can trust,\" Audrey added, looking at me. \"Trust?\" he asked, his voice barely above a whisper, taking the paper and eyeing it extremely carefully. \"You're a blood doctor. You can help us,\" Audrey replied. \"Help you, how?\" he asked, clearly confused. \"A blood substitute is a solution but it's not a cure. There's another way,\" she said, once again, glancing slightly at me. We both knew what she was thinking: Elvis. He was the answer to the vampire pandemic. He was the cure. \"Here,\" I handed Edward a slip of paper, with a location written on it and a date and a time, as well. \"Please come. We really need your help.\" He took the piece of paper cautiously, eyeing it in complete curiosity. Then, he looked up, and turned his attention back to me. He shook his head in utter disbelief, and then, without thinking, I set down my crossbow and hugged him. Surprised, he didn't know what to do at first, but then closed his eyes and wrapped his arms around me, just like a brother would do to his younger sibling. For a moment, it felt like everything was back to normal. I finally had someone that I had known for so long, with me. Someone I felt like I could trust was back with me, and I didn't want the moment to end. But then a noise sounded from another room, and more footsteps were coming downstairs. Edward quickly let go, and whispered, \"Go now,\" with a worried expression on his perfect, pale, ghostly face. I wiped a tear from my cheek and looked once more into his golden eyes, before turning around, grabbing my weapon, and racing out the door, with Audrey right behind. Luckily, Elvis and Jarvis had circled the neighborhood, and were back at the end of the neighborhood, so our escape route was easy. \"So how was it?\" Jarvis asked as soon as we got into the car. \"It went great. He took the paper. He seemed to be in shock,\" Audrey said, glancing at me. \"But he said okay. So I'd be expecting him Wednesday at noon. This is it!\" \"Yes!\" Jarvis exclaimed, letting out a laugh of relief. And then we all laughed, and none of us could hide the relief that shone ever so obviously on our smiling faces. This was the moment we'd been waiting for. Having a vampire on our side was something we really needed. Even if he wasn't willing to try the cure for vampirism, he could still help in other ways. He was a blood doctor, after all. \"We'll have to celebrate when we get home. And tell the others. Then, we'll have to get prepared for what exactly were going to ask him to do. He probably wouldn't appreciate it if we were completely dumbfounded on what we needed him to do,\" Elvis explained. We all nodded and smiled at each other. Things were finally starting to go in favor of the humans. And we hoped it would stay that way for at least a little while. It'd been years since God gave us a break. It was about time we had a little relief. OoOo OoOo One thing about Edward was that he was incredibly prompt. He arrived down the dirt road at exactly noon. Audrey met him by the beginning of the road, and then lead him to the back, where Elvis and I waited rather impatiently. As we saw Audrey walk up the road, she nodded and smiled slightly. I stood up and paced, my heart pounding out of my chest, while Elvis leaned calmly against the tree, acting like this wasn't even a big deal. \"You know they can smell your fear, right?\" he muttered. \"And right now, I bet you reek.\" I rolled my eyes as he chuckled at his own little joke, and I tried to calm myself down. I gripped the crossbow in my hand tightly, as if it was life support, and continued to pace until I saw Edward pull into the shade and get out of the car, with Audrey right behind him. He looked at me and smiled, his fangs showing like daggers behind his lips, and his fake golden eyes gleaming. I smiled back and looked down at the ground, still trying to keep my cool. That's when Elvis came out from his hiding spot and started talking to Edward. He started off with his story about the trees. And how they were the oldest living creatures on earth. He also explained all about his past, and even started explaining cure and everything else, too. Audrey, meanwhile, walked back to the road, to keep watch. I, on the other hand, stayed right where I was, Slyly watching Edward, trying to take in his whole appearance. He hadn't aged a bit, which was completely normal for vamps, but somehow, he seemed older. Tired. He looked very tired. And I noted how his ears pointed at the top, like an elf. I giggled quietly to myself, and continued to stare at him. None of us noticed when Audrey came around the corner, a gun pointed to her back, and a displeased and angered look scowled on her faultless face. As soon as Elvis and I both saw it, we pointed our crossbows at her kidnapper, and we were both ready to blow the captor's head off, when he spoke. \"Put the gun down,\" he ordered. \"Frankie?\" Edward asked. My heart stopped. \"Put the gun down,\" he repeated, taking off his face mask. \"What the—\" Edward stammered. \"What the hell are you doing?\" The both started arguing, Edward telling Frankie to stop, and Frankie telling Edward to stop. I couldn't believe this was happening. \"This is serious shit Ed, they could put you away for a long time,\" Frankie growled. Then he turned his attention to Audrey, Elvis, and I. Elvis looked at me, and shouted, \"Anna,\" when my gun dropped to the ground. My body froze. It was him. Frankie. He was clothed in his work uniform, which was to catch humans. And then, he turned his full attention to me, and locked eyes with me. His mouth gaped slightly, and he mouthed \"Anna?\" \"Anna, get your gun!\" Elvis shouted, as Audrey took Frankie's shock as an advantage and pushed him into the sunlight. His uncovered eyes started steaming, and he fell against the ground, with a little help from Elvis, who punched him in the face with his crossbow. \"Get in my car,\" Elvis ordered, once we realized that more speeding vampire cars were coming towards us. More gunshots rang out towards us, piercing Elvis's car. \"Mother fuckers!\" Elvis growled, pointing his crossbow to the large army vans, as if that would do any damage to them. Edward took one last look at his downed brother and shouted, \"C'mon, get in my car,\" and then jumped into the driver's seat, opening the backdoor so that Audrey, Elvis, and I could climb in as well. The gunshots still fired at us, and I looked back only once to see Frankie, standing back in the shade, staring out our car with the same shocked expression on his beautifully paled skin. I shut my eyes tight, feeling tears fall down my face as all of the memories flooded back into my head. When I opened them, havoc was in the car. Edward was driving, but the gunshots were creating holes in the back on the car, and Edward was getting burned every time the light would shine on him. \"Anna!\" Audrey shouted, trying her hardest to cover up the holes, but there was two more than she could handle, so I shook my head angrily, and took off my cardigan, placing it over the two uncovered holes. \"Here,\" Elvis said, handing me a gun he had in his jacket in case of an emergency. I knew it was utterly useless; the vampires trucks were too durable, and the bullets wouldn't go through, but I still stuck my torso out of the window, being careful not to let the sun touch Edward's skin, and then shot at the incoming trucks. It was no use. I heard Audrey mutter from inside the car, and when I pulled myself back in the window, I realized that she had laid herself out flat against the backseat, trying to escape the bullets. \"Anna,\" she muttered, making more room for me to huddle next to her. The vampires then shot out the cameras on his car, so Elvis and Edward had to make a quick seat change. Elvis started turning the car in all sorts of directions, until finally, we sped over a broken bridge, and lost all of the vampire hunters. We then starting driving to the place where Elvis unknowingly discovered the cure to vampirism. \"Mother fuckers,\" Elvis muttered. \"I loved that car.\" When we reached our destination, at first, only Elvis got out of the car. Audrey, Edward, and I stayed behind for a few moments. \"You did the right thing,\" Audrey noted, breaking the silence between us. \"That was my brother,\" he muttered, stinging me with a cold chill. \"I know,\" Audrey muttered, turning to look at me. \"C'mon.\" She put one hand on my shoulder, and then followed me out the car. \"You know I've never been good at science, Doc. Cars have always been my thing,\" Elvis started, smiling slightly. \"Late night modifications are my specialty. Or used to be. Custom cameras, sunshields, that kind of thing. My garage was one of the first in town to start doing them. I had a shop right near your place. Daytime drivin', man. Nothin' beats it. No traffic, no cops, trouble is, if you ain't careful, you can get yourself one hell of a sunburn.\" Elvis then told Edward all about how exactly he founded the cure. A simple act of not watching the road, not wearing a seatbelt, and then crashing and landing into a lake made him a human being once again. \"We need to recreate this, safely,\" Audrey said, once Elvis was done. \"That's why we need you.\" \"The sun. Your human, because of the sun.\" \"Hurt like hell,\" Elvis replied. OoOo OoOo We decided to take Edward back to the shelter. We did run into some trouble though, when Audrey realized that Edward's large ears was a symptom of becoming a subsider. We had to cut her hand and allow him to drink it. If we brought him to a place filled with humans, there could be a situation on our hands. When we arrived at the refuge, Jarvis had just arrived as well, with a playful yet annoyed look on his face, he said, \"Well its about Goddamn time.\" \"Stop worrying; you'll live longer,\" Audrey laughed, embracing him into a huge hug. \"Annabear,\" he said, turning his attention towards me, giving me a large hug as well. I hated it when he called me that. So, that's probably why he called me that. \"Jarvis, this is Ed,\" Audrey introduced, motioning towards Edward, who was lighting a cigarette at the time. \"Ed,\" Jarvis said, making Edward jump slightly at his booming voice. \"Well ain't this nothing. Usually when there's a vampire around, I'm the one shittin' my pants,\" he joked. Audrey and I chuckled. \"You better be worth the risk, man.\" \"I just made contact with the largest human group we've found, in a long time,\" Jarvis said. \"And I'm gonna bring them back here. Anna, you want to come with?\" he asked. I was a usual part of Jarvis's team, but right now, I wanted to stay with Audrey, and Ed, and Elvis. But I knew he would need a lot of help, so I accepted. \"Good, we leave in about 30, so get ready fast.\" I nodded and looked over at Audrey. \"I better go get ready,\" I told her, making an awkward eye-contact with Edward. \"We should all go inside,\" Audrey offered, starting to walk towards the front door. C'mon,\" she added, when Edward hesitated. I uncomfortably parted with Audrey, Edward, and Elvis and walked upstairs to where Audrey and I had our small room. Since we were one of the first of the group, we were able to claim a room for the both of us. And it was somewhat nice, compared to some of the rooms the others got. \"Knock, knock.\" I turned around the see Edward by my door, his eyes glancing awkwardly around my tiny, dim, room. \"Oh hey,\" I said, offering a small smile. \"How'd you find your way up here?\" \"Audrey showed me. Besides, this house isn't exactly enormous,\" he pointed out, walking further into the room. \"Yeah. Well, its no mansion beauty, but it keeps us safe. And being safe isn't an emotion we feel very often anymore,\" I said, blinking at his sharp, dagger-like fangs. \"I've never agreed with what they were doing to you. That's why I devoted my life to find the substitute. I wanted to save the human race from extinction.\" \"Well that's good and noble of you, Eddie, but you're probably the only vamp that wants the substitute. None of them really care about how we turn out.\" \"That's not true. I've met plenty of people—I mean vampires that don't agree with what they're doing. We're just afraid to take a stand. It's getting crazy out there, Anna. Even for us.\" \"I'm sorry but it's hard to feel pity for you, when you have my friends and family in a large factory sucking the blood out of their lifeless bodies as we speak,\" I snapped at him. He didn't reply right away, and I looked up to see him staring at me, hurt clouding his golden eyes. \"Anna,\" he started, giving me a look of pure sympathy. \"I'm so sorry,\" he added, shaking his head in sadness. \"It's not your fault,\" I replied, turning back to my dresser, packing for tonight's trip. Usually, I would just need the clothes on my back, but Elvis always tells us to bring an extra pair, just in case there was a situation and we needed to rest overnight. Edward walked over to me, and picked up one of the three picture frames that sat upon my dresser top, staring at me with sad memories, and every time I looked at them, my heart sank. He picked up the one of him, Frankie, and I. We were at a restaurant, all human. The waiter was kind enough to take our picture before we left. \"I remember that,\" he laughed, and smiled fondly at the memory. I smiled too, and watched as he picked up the second one. This time, it was just Frankie and I. We had traveled to North Carolina, and in the picture, we were climbing up an extremely large mountain. The picture was of us when we reached the top. Dirty, sweaty, and extremely tired, we were still able to wear happy smiles on our faces as we celebrated with two bottles of Bud Light. \"You two were so happy,\" he murmured, setting the picture down carefully. And then there was the last one. Frankie had proposed to me on a Thursday evening. He had taken me out to a beautiful restaurant, one that I thought only the extremely wealthy or famous could afford. I remember that he wore a nice suit, while I wore a gorgeous dress, one that he had picked out for me only a few days before. We then started to enjoy our delicious meal, when he ordered two glasses of \"their finest champagne\". When the waiter came back, the ring was tied to the stem of the drink, and then Frankie got down on one knee, and proposed. The picture was of that moment. When I had said yes, and we both stood up, and I jumped into his warm, strong arms. And with my arms wrapped tightly around him, you could faintly see the glimmer of the ring as it boasted of its beauty on my left ring finger. Edward smiled and then looked down at my hand. The ring was still there. I never took it off. I couldn't. It just didn't feel right. \"That was a beautiful night,\" Edward whispered. He wasn't there, but he was part of the greeting party when we had arrived home that night. \"You two were so happy.\" \"It was the best night of my life,\" I admitted, trying to hold back the tears that were trying their hardest to push through my sensitive eyes. \"Anna, come on!\" I rolled my eyes when I heard Jarvis called me from downstairs. \"Well, I better go,\" I said, looking at Edward. One tear managed to escape, and Edward closed his eyes, a frown planted on his beautiful face. \"Anna, wait.\" Edward called, when I turned around to leave. He walked over to me, and then put his arms on my shoulders, stared at me for a few moments, and then pull me into a hug. I wrapped my arms around him again, and felt safe in my brother-in-law's arms. I missed him, and being near him gave me a steady reminder of Frankie, who kept me unbearably in pain, because I missed him so much. \"He misses you,\" Edward whispered in my ear. \"I miss him too,\" I whispered back, feeling another warm tear fall down my cheek. \"If he finds you, don't be scared Anna. No matter how low the blood source is, he would never hurt you. I know that.\" I didn't say anything. I didn't know what to say. Sure, he didn't want to hurt me, and he probably wouldn't let anyone else hurt me either. So that means he'd do anything to protect me. Like, for example, change me. And to me, that was a heart-wrenching pain all the same. A/N: So this is it! It's not like huge, and definitely not the biggest chapter of the story… But it was longer than usually and over 3,000 words, so for me, that's a big accomplishment! Hahaha. Sorry it took me so long to update… and if it wasn't what you expected, I'm sorry and I'll try my hardest to make it up to you as soon as possible! Thanks everyone! I appreciate your reviews and support! : )[Chapter 8] Chapter Six When we reached the other shelter, there were about twelve people in all in the hideout. I was surprised to learn that one was Allison Bromley; the daughter of the man that ran the entire blood drive. On our way back to our refuge, she told Jarvis and I all about how she told her dad she wouldn't change, and never would. So she ran away, and the people from her hideout were open arms that she could trust enough to live with. She sat in the middle of the front row, between Jarvis and I, and it was hard to get away from her voice. I really just wanted to be alone. So, I pretended to listen. I had enough on my mind already, I'd given up listening to her blab about something I honestly had no interest in. So, I looked out the window and thought about everything that had happened in the past day, and eventually my mind wandered to everything that had happened in my entire life. I was consumed deep in my thoughts when I felt one of our truck's tires go flat, and eventually stop from, what I guessed to be a stick or sharp edge on the road's surface. All of the trucks stopped, and Jarvis muttered a curse, and got out of the car to see the problem. I heard him curse even louder, and then shouted something, that spread a panic throughout all of the trucks. I grabbed a large crossbow from the backseat, and flipped on the trucks lights, and followed Jarvis out of the car. The other trucks followed my example, flipped on their lights and then all of the passengers got out of the car, with their crossbows, crouching beside the car. Allison sat close to me, and put her hand on my arm. I found it odd that I could feel her heart racing through her chest, until I realized I was hearing my own heart. I also realized that my hands were shaking violently. They had found us. And right now, they were in the pitch-black, which meant they'd pick us off like flies until all of us were dead. I jumped when an arrow pierced through Jarvis's neck, who crouched next to me. His eyes rolled back into his head, and then he passed out. And like that, more and more arrows were being shot at us, and sure enough people were dropping on the ground every time you averted your eyes to a different spot. I shot blindly out into the night with my crossbow, and Alison snuck into the truck and grabbed a radio, calling into it, her voice shaking along with her hands. \"Alison, don't let them—\" I was cut off, by a sharp pain coming from my neck. My crossbow dropped the ground, and my vision blurred. I was then that all of the vampires came out of their hiding spot, and ran around us, picking us up and throwing us into their military vehicles. Alison was still talking to someone on the other side. And to myself, I finished my sentence, get the radio . I knew that if they found the radio, they could track where the others were, and then we'd be done for. My mind was still spinning when I heard my name being called. \"Anna?\" I recognized the voice. And as I looked up, I saw one of the vampires take off their masks, and I saw him again. \"Frankie,\" I muttered, before my vision went completely black, and I could only hear it as Alison fell to the ground next to me, and the person on the other line of the radio still trying to get information. OoOo OoOo I woke up in a small room. It had no windows, no furniture, no wallpaper or carpeting. It was empty, like a jail cell. I sat up and rubbed my temples, which were throbbing with an extreme pain. When I finally got my vision steady, I looked around the room. And let out a gasp of relief when I saw Alison sitting in the corner as well, a frightened look overpowering her beautiful face. \"Alison,\" I muttered, finding it difficult to stand up. I walked over to her like I was drunk, and sat beside her, trying to remember everything that happened the night before. \"Anna,\" she replied, looking at me and giving me a small hug. \"They spared us Anna. But nobody else,\" she said, looking down at her feet. \"Who saved us?\" I asked, knowing that the person that spared Alison had to of been her father, because they were blood, and even if she was human, Bromley knew he couldn't give up his only daughter. But a questions burned in the back of my racing mind. Why me? The first person that came to mind was Frankie. But would Bromley allow him to spare a perfectly good human, just for something that happened years and years ago? \"My dad spared me. He told me that he wanted me to join him, and that he missed me. He said this right before he told me he killed all of my friends and is harvesting them for their blood,\" she said, letting out a disgusted snort. \"And he thinks I'll join him? I'd rather die than become one of them.\" I nodded in agreement. But the question still remained as to who saved my life? \"Frank, I think it was,\" she muttered, her eyebrows wrinkling, deep in thought. \"He's the one that was there with my father. He said something about you. I think he was the one that saved you.\" My heart starting beating abnormally fast again. He did save me. Edward was right about that. But I was still scared, and I didn't know what to do. I didn't want to change, but now it looked like I had absolutely no choice. I was about to reply, when a loud noise sounded from the door. Someone was opening it, and coming in. Alison and I both scampered to our feet, and tried to control our breathing as two figures walked in. One was a female vampire, with dark brown hair, and those same strikingly beautiful golden eyes. She was carrying a tray, with solid food on it, and two glasses of water. The other was her guard, I guessed. And as I looked more intently at him, I realized that it was Frankie. \"Here you are,\" the female said in a shockingly somewhat kind voice. She placed the tray on the cold hard ground, and then looked back at us. Frankie never took his eyes off of me. \"You must be hungry.\" \"Go away,\" Alison hissed, her hands clenched into tight fists. \"We don't want your food.\" \"Don't be stupid,\" Frankie growled, taking his eyes off of me for a moment to glare at Alison. \"This could be your last meals as humans; I'd embrace it,\" he added, smiling at his last statement. \"We're not changing. We'd rather die than become one of you,\" Alison snarled, repeating what she told me a few minutes earlier. \"Fine. Then we'll just place you on the conveyor belt with all of your other friends, and you can be drained of all of your precious blood,\" Frankie retorted. The female vampire lightly smacked Frankie's shoulder and said \"Oh, be sympathetic. They're obviously scared and confused.\" \"Don't talk about us like were children.\" This time, I was the one to snarl at the two sickening vampires. \"We're obviously not as fucking confused and crazy as you monsters are. You're killing off the human population. And soon, there won't be anymore of your 'precious' blood, and you'll all die.\" I couldn't help but smile at the thought of karma biting all of these stupid creatures on the ass when their stupidity finally caught up to them. \"I honestly can't believe how fucking stupid you all are. You're killing yourselves.\" The female pulled back her lips and bared her teeth, I guess not happy when reality was explained to her thoroughly. Frankie just stared at me, his eyebrows wrinkled in fury, and then he turned around and left the room, followed closely by the female vampire. \"They're watching us,\" Alison noted, looking up into a camera that was hanging on the ceiling. I rolled my eyes, and pretended that this wasn't there. And then the room went silent. \"I won't do it,\" Alison muttered, about ten minutes after they left. We were crouched on the floor, our backs pressed hard against the cold walls, both of us shaking slightly. \"You won't do what?\" I asked, not looking away from the spot on the floor that I was staring at. \"Be a vampire. They're going to change us, but I won't stay. I won't drink human blood,\" she said firmly, her voice trembling slightly. \"You know what happens when you don't. You'll turn into a subsider. And that's a horrible fate Alison. Don't do that to yourself.\" \"So I'm just supposed to suck down human blood when I know its wrong? I can't do that!\" \"You'll have to try Alison. You can't kill yourself. Not after everything we've been through. Elvis, the man who is the leader of our refuge, has the cure. He can change us.\" \"But how long will that take? For all we know, he could be dead.\" \"Don't say that!\" I growled at her. How could she say that? We had to constantly have faith and hope. Even if it was false faith, sometimes hope was all we had to hang on to. We looked at each other for a long time, until finally she murmured \"sorry\", and helplessly yawned, her eyes shutting feebly. \"I can't believe I'm still tired,\" she continued. \"You should get some rest. I'll keep watch just in case they come back,\" I said. Alison nodded and gently put her head on the ground, curling up into a small ball, and shut her eyes tight. She was scared. We both were. And we both knew what was going to happen to us. Which scared me even more. I let out a few frustrated tears, and put my head into my legs, letting more and more tears fall from my tired eyes. I couldn't believe this was happening, and I didn't want it to happen either. I hated this. And I couldn't believe that the man I loved was doing this to me either. I let the muscles in my neck completely relax and closed my eyes as well, and soon I drifted off into a deep sleep, only to be awoken again by the sound of opening doors. OoOo OoOo \"Anna, help me!\" my eyes opened abruptly, and I stood up, watching Alison being taken away by two vampires. Her eyes were wide with fear and she struggled to get away, but they were too strong. Against all odds, I ran over and tried to pry her from them, but I felt hands grab my waist and pull me back until Alison was gone. I turned around to confront my attacker when I realized who exactly it was. Frankie. Again. I furrowed my eyebrows in anger and pulled away from him, running over to the door, screaming \"Alison\", as if that would do any good. \"She's gone, Anna,\" Frankie said, walking over to me again and grabbing my arms to stop me from banging on the door. \"What the hell are you doing to her?\" I growled, trying to keep myself from trying to murder him. \"It's time. They're going to change her,\" he said softly, letting go of me as I finally calmed down enough to comprehend what was happening. I didn't speak. This was it. This was the moment I had been dreading ever since the very beginning. I was captured. I was done for. It was over. I tilted my head in defeat. The vamps won. We sat in silence for a few moments, as I came to terms with my future. And right now, more than anything, I just wanted it to go back to the way things were. And I couldn't help it when more tears poured out of my eyes. Frankie turned back to me. I could tell that he was upset, but he didn't know what to do. So he just put his hand on my shoulder and whispered, \"It won't hurt.\" \"Yes it will. Please don't lie to me.\" \"Only a little bit. But in the morning, all of the pain will be gone. I promise,\" he pushed me against the wall and pressed his mouth onto my delicate neck. And before he stuck his daggers into my bloodstream, I swore I heard him whisper \"I'm so sorry.\" And that made the pain hurt so much worse. Chapter six! Woo! Haha tell me what you think! I'd really appreciate it! And who's excited to see Iron Man 2?! Robert Downey Jr., woo! Haha. If you've seen it, tell me if it was good or bad! I can't wait! Review please! Thanks everyone! : ) P.S. sorry if this was short, the next chapter will be longer, I promise. And here was the moment you all were waiting for. The Frankie/Anna run in. Hope you liked it.[Chapter 9] Chapter Seven I woke up abruptly, in a dark room. It took my eyes about a minute to fully adjust, but when I pulled myself together, I realized that I was in a house. A small lamp was lit on the counter of the kitchen, and I was sprawled out on a couch in what I guessed the family room was. My mind was racing. I had no idea what was happening, and I couldn't remember anything either. My mind was a completely blank. I shook my head angrily, upset that I couldn't remember anything from the past week, or as to how I got into this strange home. The last thing I remembered was leaving Audrey, Elvis, and Edward behind as I went with Jarvis to find the newcomers. Alison. The name popped into my head and a light bulb lit as soon as I pictured her face. We had been captured by the vampires. I shuddered at the memory, and then shook my head again, as if that would organize my thoughts and help me think clearly again. And then I remembered the room that Alison and I were held in. It was cool, dull, and most of all, daunting. And then, after my thoughts gathered together, and I could make sense of my situation, it all came back to me. Every moment that had seemed lost in time, I could see them. Frankie. He saved me, but the last thing I could remember was when he bit me. And then my mind sank. I was a vampire. Frankie had turned me. I growled in anger, and then caught myself. What was that? I closed my eyes, and sucked in my breath. I could hear footsteps. A loud thumping. It was coming for me, but the sound was almost muffled by something. I closed my eyes tighter, and continued to listen, until I realized what the strange noise was. It was the sound of a heart. My heart. My heart was pounding in my chest. I put my hand to my racing organ, and took deep breaths. Why was my heart beating? If Frankie had changed me, I would be the walking dead right now. I would have no pulse. I looked down at my skin and realized that it was still my usual olive-tan color. But this wasn't right. I felt him bite me. He leaned into my neck, and bit me. So why wasn't I dead? I ran my hand through my wavy hair, and then rubbed my temples softly, trying to piece everything together. Maybe it was all a dream. That's what I hoped. I hoped that Audrey and Elvis would come walking through the door, just like old times, no vampires. Just humans. And then an even better thought came to mind. What if everything was a dream? I closed my eyes, and pictured Frankie walking through the door, human. We were both human, in love, married, and everything was the way we'd always dreamed it would be. I opened my eyes again, but the room was still dark, and my heart was still racing. I stood up and walked over to the kitchen. No picture frames, no signs of who owned the house, just a dull kitchen with a noisy refrigerator, and a running dishwasher. I ran my hand over the cool granite and shuddered. Where the hell was I? I decided to explore the house some more. It was no use to just stand there and do nothing, if I was going to find out what was going on, I needed to figure out where I was first. \"Hello?\" I tried to speak, but my voice was barely audible. It cracked and that's when I realized how badly it hurt. I tried to speak again, but I felt sick, and even just saying 'hello' was making it worse. I tried to clear my throat and then spoke again. \"Hello? Is anybody there?\" My voice was louder now, and clearer too. I felt as if any moment, my heart was going to leap out of my aching chest. My entire body froze when I heard footsteps. I listened carefully to make sure it wasn't my heart, but I knew that these were actual footsteps now. They were too perfect to be my frightened and wild heart. They had to be a human. Or vampire. I wasn't sure who's house this was. Before the footsteps reached the door, my instinct told me to grab one of the steak knives sitting on the counter, just in case. I held the knife tightly, keeping it low at my side. I didn't want to seem threatening, at least not right away. If this person or vampire wanted me dead, they would've killed me. I wasn't entirely worried about my life at the moment. The door opened, and then two pairs of footsteps walked into the room. It was so dark that I couldn't make out their faces, but one was a man, and one was a woman. I could tell by their body types and hair. Neither spoke, but the male ran over to the opposite side of the room and put his hand on the light and switched it on. At first the light completely blinded me, and I had to put one hand over my eyes to see their faces. And once my eyes adjusted, I realized who they were. One was Michelle. My long lost sister that abandoned me when I needed her most, and the other was Frankie. They both stared at me with blank expressions, but then my sister lightened up and gave me a huge smile. \"Anna! How are you?\" she asked, racing around the counter to give me a hug. When I pushed the knife forward a bit, to keep her away from me, her smile faded and she stepped back. \"You won't be needing that. We won't hurt you,\" she said, almost angrily. \"I don't understand,\" I muttered, looking at Michelle and then back at Frankie again. \"Why am I here? Why am I human? I watched you bite me. I'm supposed to be dead,\" I said to him, my eyes frantically searching their faces for answers. \"Calm down sweetie, just put the knife down and then we'll explain everything to you,\" she ordered, pursing her lips in a begging notion. \"Don't tell me to fucking calm down. I don't know where I am, my heart is about to beat right through my chest, and I'm scared okay?\" I admitted, feeling a tear fall down my cheek. \"Where are my friends? Where's Alison? Why am I still a fucking human?\" I shouted at them, feeling more tears escape my tired eyes. \"Please Anna, just calm down and we'll explain everything to you,\" Michelle soothed. My mind was still racing, when I looked over to Frankie's standing spot, and realized he wasn't there anymore. Before I could turn around and look for him, I felt his hand grab mine, and snatch the knife right out of it. I turned around quickly, and was about to try and get it back, when he grabbed both of my hands, and held me in place. Out of places to turn, I finally relaxed my muscles, and calmed down. If they wanted me dead, they would've killed me. I knew I needed to give them a chance to explain what was going on, so I gently pulled myself away from Frankie, and whispered, \"I'm listening.\" \"Come sit down,\" Michelle said, motioning to the couch. \"I'll let Frankie explain. I should go keep watch.\" I almost protested, not wanting to be alone with Frankie, but thought better of it, and warily sat down, my heart still racing. \"So?\" I demanded. He kept his gaze away from me until he was just about to reply. And then he looked deep into my eyes and he looked sincere. \"I couldn't do it,\" he said softly, switching his gaze down to the floor again. \"But why?\" I asked. \"Isn't it what you always wanted? To completely ruin my life?\" I snapped, my blood turning ice cold. He snorted and rolled his eyes. \"You just don't get it, do you Anna?\" he spat. \"I understand everything, Frankie.\" \"No, you obviously don't. Jesus Christ. I thought you be happy with me. I could've turned you Anna. And damn, did I want to. But I fought my temptations and kept you human,\" he growled. \"Why?\" I asked, feeling a little embarrassed for my outbreak. \"Because it was what you wanted,\" he murmured. And, with those words, my heart sank. I looked into his eyes, and wished I could take everything back. He wanted me to be a vampire, more than anything, and he kept me human because that's what I wanted. He loved me. And I wish I could've seen that all along. He loved me enough to want to protect me, by changing me, but respect as well. I didn't know what to say to him. \"I'm going to tell them that you killed yourself. You ran outside during daytime because you didn't want to do it. They'll believe me; they trust me. And you can stay here, until I find your friends. And Edward,\" he added. \"And what about you?\" I asked, this time, shifting my gaze to the floor. \"What about me?\" \"What are you going to do?\" \"I'm going to stay here. This is what you want. Not me.\" \"But Frankie, we have the cure. We can change you, and everyone else too,\" I said, almost in a begging tone. \"Well that's not what I want Anna. I like being a vampire. Just like you like being a human.\" \"I don't want to do it again,\" I whispered, my gaze fixed on the floor. I couldn't look at him. My heart was sinking lower and lower, until I thought that it would sink into oblivion. It made my chest burn with anger and sadness. It was truly the worst feeling I had ever experienced. \"You don't want to do what again?\" he asked, his voice also low and quiet. \"Leave you.\" He continued to stare blankly at me, and then finally switched his gaze to the floor as well. He put his head into his hands and rubbed his temples, confusion and grief taking over his entire emotions. But I meant every word I had just spoken to him. Leaving him the first time was the hardest thing I'd ever done, and he expected me to do the same thing now? After ten years of being apart, he expected me to get up and walk away from it all again. I looked at him again, but his gaze was still fixed on the ground. I wished I could tell what he was thinking, but even his expression was completely blank. And I felt completely hopeless. \"Watching you leave, was the hardest thing I've ever done in my entire life.\" He finally spoke, looking up at me, his eyes clouded with despair. \"And leaving you was the hardest thing I've ever done,\" I added, feeling a small pathetic tear make its way down my quivering cheeks. \"So why did you do it?\" he asked, putting his hands into fists out of anger. \"We've been over this before, Frankie,\" I murmured, somewhat annoyed. \"Can't you see that the vampires are wrong? Look at what they've done to the humans!\" I hissed at him, angrily furrowing my eyebrows. \"We're only trying to survive,\" he replied calmly. \"Survive? Well you know what Frankie? We're only trying to survive as well. And now there's only about 50 humans left on this planet.\" \"We will always find something to satisfy our blood thirst,\" he answered again, his face expressionless. \"Jesus Frankie! I feel like I'm talking to a complete emotionless moron!\" I spat, standing up and pacing around the room, only stopping once to stare at him sitting down in front of me. \"Let me make this simple for you: Without humans, the vampires die. And now there are only a few humans left on earth. And you think that's okay?\" This time, Frankie looked up at me and didn't reply for several seconds. \"I was confused, Anna. We all were. You think we wanted this to happen? This wasn't how it was supposed to be. Vampirism was supposed to be a gift, not a curse. And now look what's happening,\" he said quietly. \"You should've known it was going to be a curse to begin with.\" He grew angry with my remark, and stood up, facing me. \"Well you know what Anna? When I was changed, I wasn't thinking about what could go wrong, my only thoughts were about you. We could've lived together forever. Immortality; we would never grow old, we would never have to face death. It would be me and you until the end. I wasn't thinking about the bad things, only the good things, for us.\" I didn't reply, but just turned my head until his face was no longer in my view. I was angry, yet hopeful at the same time. I hated fighting with him, and I knew that he hated fighting with me. And when we were human, it was rare that we had fights, but when we did, we tried to end it quickly, and then kiss and makeup. Life isn't long enough to spend it fighting with the one you're supposed to love. That's what we'd always say. And when we'd get over our fights, it just made us stronger. And I wondered if that was what Frankie was thinking of at the moment. I looked back at him, and saw that he had been staring at the floor, but once he felt my gaze, he looked back at me, his golden eyes staring right into my soul. He inched closer to me, until our faces were just centimeters from each other, and he then, cautiously, leaned forward to kiss me. I met him halfway, and was eager to ease the burning flame in my longing heart, but as soon as our lips were just a breath away, we were interrupted when his phone buzzed in his pocket. He pulled it out of his front pocket and read the message. \"I have to go,\" he murmured, looking at me one last time before walking away. \"Wait Frankie,\" I reached for his arm as he turned around, but he pulled away from my grasp, and walked out the door, completely ignoring my pleas for him to stay. I sat back down on the couch and cried. My heart wasn't racing anymore, it was being torn apart into a million different pieces. I felt like I had betrayed him. And I didn't want him to leave either. I guess I hadn't realized how much I loved and missed him, until I finally watched him walk out on me. And the pain was excruciating. \"He'll be back.\" I turned my head to see Michelle looking at me from the doorway. She carefully sat down next to me and put her hand on my shoulder, pity clouding her beautiful golden eyes. \"He's trying to find as much blood as he possibly can. It's not easy living with humans, you know,\" she added. \"I just never thought about it before Michelle. I've spent all these years blaming him, and all he's been trying to do was protect me. I was so stupid.\" \"You're not stupid. And he knows you're not stupid. You were scared. Fear is a natural reaction. He was scared too. That's why he wanted to change you.\" \"How did he do it? How did he pull off the fake bite?\" I asked, suddenly curious. \"Well, you passed out almost as soon as he put her lips around your neck, so that made it ten times easier. But after, he put his jacket over your body and told them that he was going to take you home, so you wouldn't be as frightened in the morning. He also quickly disconnected the monitor, just in case. He also had Bromley on his side. He was very grateful to him. Frankie found his daughter.\" \"Yeah, Alison. What happened to her?\" I saw Michelle look down at the ground. And when she lifted her head again to look me in the eye, her eyes were clouded with remorse and grief. \"She won't drink blood. She refuses to. And she's getting worse and worse with every passing hour. She's drinking her own blood, which is making the subsider process speed up a lot faster.\" I stared in shock. Sure, me and Alison hadn't hit it off and become best friends straight off the bat or anything, but she was so young, and had so much potential. It just wasn't right. She deserved a better life. \"No,\" was all I could mutter. \"I'm so sorry, Anna,\" she dipped her head in respect once again. \"What about Ed? And Audrey and Elvis?\" \"Who?\" she asked. \"My friends. Edward, Audrey and Elvis. Where are they?\" I demanded, feeling my blood pressure rise. \"I haven't heard anything of them. Which means they're probably still safe. Edward would've probably come back to Frankie, don't you think?\" she pondered. \"No, why would he do that? Frankie almost got him in a lot of trouble! And almost killed Audrey, Elvis, and I,\" I said softly, breathing a sigh of relief that at least they were okay. Michelle didn't reply, and instead stood up and walked into the kitchen area. \"We've got lots of food, just in case your hungry. And after she said 'hungry' my stomach rumbled angrily. I hadn't eaten since the morning before. I was starved. She fed me a small garden salad, with ranch dressing and fresh fruits. It brought me back to when our mom used to make us salads. Every Sunday night. She called it, 'Salad Sundays'. Of course, I had been a vegetarian since I was very little, and just because food was scarce, didn't change my eating habits. I mostly ate the fresh vegetables and fruits that we harvested back at the orchard. \"Where are the kids?\" I asked, between fork-fulls. \"At mom's,\" she replied. \"I figured that if Frankie and I were caught with you…\" she trailed off and cleared her throat. \"Well, let's just say, I didn't want my children to be around if that happened,\" she continued hastily. \"Oh. Okay.\" \"Oh and hey, here,\" she stood up and ran over to a purse sitting on the counter. She reached in for something, and pulled out a cell phone. \"I know it isn't much, but it was the only one I could find. I already put Frankie and my cell phone numbers in it, just in case you need us.\" \"Thanks,\" I grabbed the phone eagerly and struggled to remember what Audrey or Elvis's cell phone numbers were. My brain felt broken, though, and I couldn't think that specifically. I cursed myself and set the phone on the table, defeated. \"Well, I better get back to work. The sun's coming up soon, and I should at least report in. We don't want anyone getting suspicious.\" She stood up and grabbed the purse from the counter. \"There's a TV in the other room. And your bedroom is the third room to the left, down that hallway. Frankie should be home sooner than I. See you later,\" she said, before she slammed the door shut behind her. I whispered 'bye', and then sat for a moment in the quiet home. I felt lonely. Without any normal human being around, it felt cold in the room. I pictured Jarvis's laugh, and Audrey's singing, Elvis's wise words. And for a moment, I could see them around me, doing their daily chores, whistling without a worry, just like old times. And then I blinked, and the whole memory faded away. I sighed angrily and felt a warm tear run down my cheek. It seemed as though I'd cried so much, my body would be out of tears, but I guess not. I sat at the table and thought for a long time, and then realized how restless I was. I slowly stood up, and then walked over to the garage door, and peeked inside. I looked out into the garage and there was a car sitting in the second spot. I opened the door, and saw that there no keys in the ignition, so I walked back into the kitchen and looked through all of the drawers until I found the keys. Frankie and Michelle honestly couldn't expect me to sit in the house for so long, doing nothing until they got home, so I took the keys and the car, and started to drive. I knew exactly where I was headed. The orchard. Being careful to make sure I had no followers, I headed towards my once safe haven, just to see what had become of it. When I finally reached it, I knew it had been evacuated, or they had been captured, because it was completely empty. I could tell from just pulling up to the house. The front door was open, and there was no life inside or out. It killed me. I was about to turn around when I saw movement outside in the bushes. And then, a figure came into view. It was Maxx. He was skinny, his ribs visible even from the camera in Edwards car. I got out of the car, and called the vulnerable dog's name. His ears perked, and he stood up, walking carefully towards me, but after a few minutes, he must've realized it was me, because he ran over to me and licked my hands and face. I walked around with him for a little at the orchard, trying to remember every detail of me and my friend's lives. I even walked upstairs and grabbed all three pictures that sat atop my dresser, and also grabbed all of my clothes. It was a very upsetting feeling to be leaving everything behind, but I knew I had to. This was an even more dangerous world for me, now. I walked back outside with Maxx and sat on a field with him at my side. After throwing stick after stick for him, he finally calmed down, and lay at my side. And even though it was still a little bit dark outside, I could still see from the light of the somewhat rising sun. I figured that Frankie and Michelle would get home soon. I jumped when I heard a car door slam, and turned around quickly, my heart stopping for a moment. I relaxed a little to see Frankie getting out of his car. I looked back at the field, and felt my heart pounding as his footsteps got closer and closer to me and my dog. \"It's dangerous for you to be out here. I told you to stay home,\" he said, sitting down next to me. \"Yeah, well, I didn't listen.\" \"I can see that.\" I was surprised when Frankie kissed to Maxx and then scratched his neck affectionately when the dog came to him. \"When the outbreak first happened, and people were afraid to drink human blood, they just started harvesting all of the animals. I haven't seen a dog in years.\" \"I found him, when the outbreak first started.\" I left out the part that I found him when Frankie was trying to murder me at the time. \"He stuck with me when nobody else did. I owe him my life.\" \"What's his name?\" \"Maxx,\" I looked down at him and patted his back, scowling at all of the visible ticks and fleas crawling through his unsightly fur. I knew that he needed a bath as soon as possible. \"He looks hungry,\" Frankie noted, looking at the ribs showing slightly out of the dog's side. \"Yeah, I'll have to give him some food when I get some,\" I replied. Maxx was always a skinny dog because there wasn't always a lot of food to go around. And when we did happen upon some, the eldest and youngest got to eat first. Dogs were last on the food chain. I would always manage to get him some good food, but it was hard sometimes, and I felt so bad, looking at his small body. \"Is it empty?\" he asked, motioning with his head towards the orchard. \"Yeah. They must've been evacuated. Everyone's gone,\" I answered, although I knew who he was interested in hearing about. Edward. And I wished I could tell him that Edward was fine, but I had no idea. \"I'm sure he's fine,\" I said, looking at the sun, which was slowly inching its way up into the sky. \"Yeah. We better get going,\" he said, noticing his enemy too. I nodded in agreement and stood up. We walked back to the car in silence. Maxx, close by my side. And for once, I imagined Frankie was human, and we were walking back to the car after a wonderful day together. And it felt nice. And it also felt nice to be so close to him. Even if he did have the urge to scarf down my blood. In a way, at that moment, everything seemed absolutely perfect. Hey guys! So here's chapter seven. Thanks for all of your support and reviews! Only 30 more reviews until we reach 100! Haha. Thanks again everyone! : D and thanks for letting me know about Iron Man 2. Haha I still haven't seen it but I plan to very soon. I love Robert Downey Jr., man! Oh, but I did see Nightmare on Elm Street, and I loved it! So if you're bored and wanna see a good movie, watch that! : ) Thanks again![Chapter 10] Chapter Eight I woke up in an alley. In between two garbage cans, I used one of them as support when I tried with a horrendous amount of difficulty to stand up. My back cracked several times and my legs felt as if I had ran a complete marathon. As I blinked, my eyes became steady and I was finally able to make out some of the things around me, besides the fly-ridden trashcans beside me. The building that were surrounding me were brick, and must've been at least fifteen stories high. In time, most of my senses came back to normal. I gagged, accidentally taking in a huge breath of the disgusting rubbish-filled air, and pushed myself away from them in order to take a breath of semi-clean, non-toxic filled air. But no matter how far I walked, the stench lingered in my aching nose. Clothes hung on lines above, and I could just barely see a light flicker through one of the windows on one of the upper floors. I wanted to yell for help, but I couldn't find my voice. I realized that not only were my legs stiff, heavy, and throbbing, a piece of glass was jutting out of my sun-kissed, glowing, skin. Blood ran smoothly down into my tennis-shoe, and my sock, which was originally white, was now died a dark, rich, red. This time when I tried yelling for help, a small grunt managed to escape my lips, but it was no use, because no one was around to hear me. I looked down at the end of the alley, and my heart leapt. There were people tottering by, just as if it was a normal situation on a normal day. \"Hey!\" I yelled again. This time, my voice was almost completely back. But still, nobody stopped, or even turned to listen. Leaning against the brick wall, I turned to my calf again. I had heard time and time again, and watched many movies to know that you were not supposed to take an object that was protruded into your skin out until you were in professional care, but I panicked, and I wanted it, needed it, out of my body. I put one hand around my calf, to keep it steady, and the other on the closet part of the glass near my skin. With a pitiful amount of hesitation, I finally got enough nerve to tug slightly on the broken piece of glass. I'd never felt anything so painful before in my life. It burned, like someone had poured sulphuric acid all over my body, and I was slowly melting away, and no one could hear me. I screamed out in complete agony, but when I turned my head to see if I had any rescuers, I saw not one bystander coming my way. They just walked on, like I wasn't even there. It killed me. Once I concluded that the glass would not come out without a fight and a large amount of anguish, I decided to get out of the alley, and then try to get to the nearest hospital. The alley's entrance was only about twelve feet away from me, but when I started to trudge on my journey, it felt like it went on for miles. And with each step, more blood gushed into my shoe, leaving a bloody footprint behind me. I reached the end of the alley in what seemed like hours, but was probably only about a minute. I knew something was completely wrong once I had stepped out onto the sidewalk. People walked right past me, as if I wasn't there. My heart throbbed and my brain was in a complete panic. Why wouldn't they help me? I screamed again, and then finally grabbed onto a man's arm and pleaded for his help. \"Please help me!\" I begged him, a waterfall of tears spurting out of my eyes. He stopped. And so did everyone else. Clouds covered the shinning sun, shutting out the light, and shutting out my hope. When the man turned to look at me, his face was eerily pale, and his eyes were a beautiful golden coloring. And when he finally smiled at me, his mouth was crowded by two incredibly large fangs. I screamed again and ran away from him, but stumbled to the ground when a sharp feeling of pain erupted in my body. My leg wound was getting larger and more painful. I cried out again in pain, confusing, fear, and distress, but no one came to rescue me. When the man started to walk towards me, eyeing me as a meal, I realized that there was no fairytale ending. This was a horror. And I was about to become the first murder victim. That is until I saw a man standing in the middle of the road, his hair cut short to his head, and jeans and a leather jacket covering his beautiful pale body. I recognized him in a second. Frankie. \"Frankie!\" I wailed helplessly. He looked up at me in grief, and his torturous stare sent chills throughout my entire body. I took a deep breath and stood up. Running as fast as I possibly could, I ran straight into Frankie's arms. And even though he was normally cold, I felt warm and safe against his protective body. But when I looked up at him, his face was twisted in pain and solemnity. His eyes drifted from me, to the hungry vampire crowd eyeing us impatiently. \"I'm so sorry Anna,\" he whispered. I looked at him, and tightened my grip around his body, and pleaded for him to help me, he pried me from himself, and then pushed me into the starving monsters. And, at that moment, I wasn't exactly sure what hurt worse. The vampires' fangs digging into my flesh, or the fact that the one man I had ever loved, had just killed me. OoOo OoOo I woke up in a puddle of sweat. My heart was racing and my breathing was quick and uneven. But one thought settled my terrified self: It was just a dream. I pulled the covers off of my steaming body, and pulled the hair off my neck. I was still in Frankie and Edward's guest bedroom. Sitting on the edge of my bed, I pressed my hand to my heart and practiced breathing slowly. But even though I was completely relaxed, something just wasn't right. My pulse was still racing, and as I tried to control my already rapid breaths, they became even shallower with each passing moment, until eventually I felt as if I couldn't breathe. Standing up, I paced back and forward around the room. I had never had a panic attack before, but I imagined that's what was happening. I pressed my hands against the wall and did slow pushups to try to get my blood rushing. My mouth felt dry and parched, and I felt extremely lightheaded. Once I finally managed to calm down enough so that the room wasn't spinning, I carefully walked to the door, and walked towards the kitchen. In the hallway, I could see light flickering from the TV, and as I got closer I could just barely hear the soft murmurs of two people talking, over the almost-muted TV show. I figured it was Frankie and Michelle, but I kept completely silent until I made it to the corner of the wall and was able to make out their soft whispers. \"But Frankie, this won't work.\" \"You don't think I realize that?\" he growled back. I heard him sigh angrily. There was a long pause and then my sister spoke again. \"She needs to leave.\" \"And what do you want me to do? Drug her and throw her out on the streets?\" he growled yet again. It gave me some sort of comfort that he was defending me. \"They're going to come and check on us. They'll know that she's still human. I'm actually quite surprised that we haven't been found out yet. Your lucky that you're on good terms with Bromley. Again, I heard Frankie let out a breath of air. \"What are we going to do?\" I heard Michelle whisper again. \"I have no idea. We either throw her out, and have the 99% chance that she'll get eaten alive stuck in our heads, or we could…\" he trailed off. But I knew exactly what he was going to say. Change her. Or we could change her . I felt my heart beat faster again. Michelle knew what he was going to say as well. \"Well Goddamn it Frankie. You need to make up your mind! You had the perfect chance, and you decided to listen to your heart. Well, maybe you need to listen to what's best. She's going to die if we keep her human,\" she said. I closed my eyes. I didn't know what to think. I didn't know what to do. At this point, I didn't know anything. I just wanted to crawl into bed and never come out. I had lost everyone. Even if I did leave, where was I to go? Nowhere was safe. And I didn't know if Edward, Elvis, and Audrey were still alive. And even if they were, I had absolutely no idea where they'd be. \"Tomorrow night,\" he stated. \"Tomorrow night, what?\" Michelle asked, even though all three of us knew what he meant. \"I'll change her. Tomorrow night.\" My head spun again. My heart raced. And my mouth felt as if there had been a drought of saliva for years. I wanted to protest. To defend myself, but I felt completely helpless. Just like my dream. I felt as though even if I screamed, no one would hear me, or bother to see what was wrong. I'd worked so hard to remain human. I fought for my life time and time again, in the battle against these ruthless bloodsuckers. I would not become one of them now. There was no way. I needed to get out of the house. I remembered that Frankie had told Michelle that he had taken off work, the reason being that I was still adjusting to vampire life, and needed his help. But somehow, I would find a way to get out of here, and go back to find shelter, at whatever it took. \"Good,\" I heard Michelle whisper. I heard footsteps and realized she had gotten up off the couch, and started walking in my direction. I quickly ran back towards my room but I knew that she was almost around the corner, and seeing my practically sprinting back towards the room would be very suspicious, so I turned around, tried to look as tired as possible, and hoped that my fake \"just woke up\" act would work. \"Anna! You scared me!\" Michelle exclaimed, once she had turned the corner and saw me standing in the hallway. She smiled but then furrowed her eyebrows. \"How long have you been in the hallway?\" she asked. \"I just woke up. Bad dream,\" I murmured, running a hand through my soft hair, letting it fall into place naturally. I yawned, which I hope helped create the illusion that my lie had been true, and walked closer. \"I need some water.\" She smiled again, and followed me into the kitchen, where Frankie was sitting at the island, with a glass full of red liquid. Blood. I scowled and opened the refrigerator, and pulled out a water bottle. I was surprised that they actually had water. Maybe they had found some, just for me. I shrugged, and closed the fridge door. \"Anna had a bad dream,\" Michelle said to Frankie, trying to make conversation. \"What was it about?\" \"You don't want to know,\" I replied, taking a swig of the water. I could feel Frankie's eyes piercing into me. I refused to look at him. \"No Anna. Tell us,\" he said sharply, as if he was well aware what it was about. \"Okay, fine,\" I snapped back, placing the water bottle on the counter and turning to face the two demons sitting at the island. \"I had a dream that I woke up in an alley and was bleeding like crazy out of my leg. And when I called out for help, no one listened to me,\" I paused and saw Michelle exchange a glance with Frankie. \"Finally when I could walk, I ran up to a man and begged him to help me, but instead of helping me, he tried to eat me. And that's when I saw you. So naturally, I ran to you, because I knew if anyone would help me, you would. But instead, you threw me into the pile of starving vampires, and watched as they fucking ate me as their afternoon snack,\" I spoke quickly, and grew angrier with each word I said. Michelle looked down at the countertop and said nothing. Frankie just continued to stare at me. They didn't have to speak. I didn't want them to. I broke my eye contact with Frankie turned to face the wall, grabbing onto my water bottle and squeezing it tightly. I could feel both of their eyes digging into my back. It gave me chills. I shook my head and stormed out of the kitchen, walking into my room and slamming the door shut. I walked over to my bed and sat down, leaning against the wall on the other side of the bed. I crossed my arms over my legs, and gently rocked back and forward, trying to hold back the tears that threatened to pour out like a rain storm. My heart jumped slightly when I heard a knock at the door. I debated whether I should just ignore them, and hope they'd go away, but instead I heard my shaky voice say \"its open\". To my surprise, Frankie walked in awkwardly and silently. He didn't meet my gaze, and instead stared down at his feet. I wanted to say something. Anything. The silence was killing me, but I didn't know what I should say. Or what I could say. I guess I could apologize. I shouldn't of been that snappy earlier. Michelle and Frankie had been nothing but nice to me lately, and I knew I should be more appreciative. But how could I? When they were taking my humanity away the next night? \"I'm sorry,\" I murmured, looking down at my knees, completely lost for any other sensible words. \"For what?\" he asked, finally looking up at me. \"I shouldn't of told you my dream. I was just… angry,\" I said, being completely honest. He didn't say anything, but instead, sat down on the bed, and then scooted back until his back was against the wall as well. I turned slightly and looked at him. He was beautiful. His pale skin glowed, even in the darkness of the room, only lit by the small amount of light shining through the shades from the moon. And his eyes were piercing, they let off their very own mesmerizing glow, like diamonds. My heart fluttered. I felt as if I was in high school again, on a date with the quarterback of the school's football team. I loved the way he made me feel. \"I would never do that to you,\" he said. \"Never do what?\" I had completely forgotten about the dream now. \"Let them hurt you. I would never let them hurt you,\" he replied, staring straight across the room at the door. \"Oh.\" I looked down at my legs again. I could feel him looking at me now. I wondered if he was thinking about how beautiful I looked, or thinking about how I might taste with a side of French fries. I pushed my thoughts away from that. I heard him clear his throat anxiously. He put his hand in his pocket and then a few seconds later, pulled it back out, gripping something tiny enough to fit in his fist, which was clenched, covering whatever he was holding. \"Uh, I found this,\" he stammered, \"the night you left,\" his voice was barely above a whisper. Like it hurt him to think about it. Slowly, he unclenched his hand, and inside was a tiny ring, with a beautiful diamond on top. It was our engagement ring. I sat up and felt a few tears run down my cheek. I knew I had lost it, but I couldn't of gone back to the house to get it, so I figured he would've found it, but I never actually thought I'd see it again. It was beautiful. I took it out of his hands and wrapped my hand around it gently. It felt cold, lonely, and dull. Just like me. \"I tried to keep it in perfect condition, but its been so long…\" he trailed off. I placed the ring on my ring finger on my left hand. It still fit. Perfectly. I smiled. It felt so amazing, just like it was meant to be there. And it was. I turned to look at Frankie, who was already looking at me. Feeling more tears coming, I did the only thing I could do. The only thing I wanted to do. I kissed him. And just like everything else in this moment, it was perfect. The kiss was beautiful. Powerful. Despite his cold lips, I felt as if I were on fire. I missed him so much. I had waited so long for this. Before anything got too out of hand, Frankie pulled away from me. Breathing heavily, he leaned his forehead against mine, kissed me softly, and then got up and left the room. I didn't want him to leave, but I was too shocked, and happy at the same time. It was probably for the best that he left anyway. After he left, I sat there alone in the room, unable to fall asleep, but too tired to get up and do anything. So I thought. I had so much on my mind, it seemed almost impossible it could all fit into my head. I loved Frankie. Even after everything. After all this time, I could honestly say that I still loved him. And I would do anything to be with him. Would that even include becoming a vampire? I thought about Elvis, Edward, and Audrey. What if they found the cure? What if they could change Frankie and I back once everything calmed down, and the cure was back? But then again, what if they didn't find the cure? Then I'd be stuck a vampire, and who knew how long that could last until the blood supply ran out, and we all became subsiders and died? I shook my head. I didn't know what to do. My heart stopped again. I heard another knock. But it came from the window this time, not the door. If I opened the blinds, and it was the military, I'd be done for. But what if it wasn't them? I stared at the window again, until I heard the knock again. I heard some murmuring coming from outside, and I froze again, trying to make out their voices, but it was impossible. Hesitantly, I stood up and made my way to the window. My heart thumping wildly against my chest, I slowly pulled the blinds, but when I looked out, there was nobody there. I was just about to close it again, but then I heard a muffled whisper. \"Anna?\" Audrey. I almost screamed in delight. Quickly, I opened the window and peered outside. Edward, Elvis, and Audrey all stepped into my view. I hung practically halfway out the window and embraced Audrey's upper torso. \"I was so scared that they found you,\" I whispered in her ear. \"You know us Anna. We're not giving up that easily. We don't plan on dying anytime soon,\" she smiled and squeezed me tighter. \"Okay, I know that this is a big reunion and all that, but we really need to discuss what's happening,\" Elvis said, his eyes frantically moving left and right, searching for any movements coming from unwanted visitors. I reluctantly let go of Audrey, and then smiled at Elvis, holding out my arms. Not being the lovey-dovey kind of guy, Elvis quickly pulled me in an embrace and let go, keeping a hard grip on his crossbow. The only other person left was Edward. Wait. Person? I blinked in disbelief. Sure enough, Edward had tanned skin, normal eyes, and a mouth razor-sharp-fang-free. I laughed and let out a huge sigh of relief and then pulled him into a hug as well. They had found the cure. I laughed again at nothing. Just absolutely happy to be alive. \"Okay, what's the plan?\" I asked, pulling away from Edward. \"I would offer you to come inside, but they'll probably smell you,\" I added, glancing back into the room. \"Yeah, we thought of that too. We need to get you out of here, but during the day, when it'll be harder for them to chase us, if it comes to that. So we found this old shack a couple of miles away, and we'll stay there over night for some shelter, and then we'll come back for you tomorrow. Tell them you don't feel good. That you need more sleep, and stay in this room until we come back,\" Elvis explained. \"And then what?\" I asked. \"I know this guy, he might want to help us get the cure out there. We're going to find him, and beg for his help. And then, I don't know,\" Edward replied honestly. I nodded in agreement, my heart pounding in anticipation. I was scared. I was sad. Confused, annoyed, worried… But I knew what I had to do. Before, I almost felt like I wanted Frankie to change me. But now I knew that there was hope, and if we could fix this, then we could be together again. And that's all I wanted. That was all I ever wanted. A/N: Hello(: Okay so this chapter was extremely delayed. I thought with summer I'd have so much more time to write, but I guess that's not the case. Haha. Plus, I've had major writer's block. Sorry if this was bad, but I really need to update, so here you are. Thanks for everyone that has reviewed and put me on story alert and everything! I truly appreciate it. Thanks for reading. =] ","Summary":" Prologue It was two years before the horrific plague's outbreak. Two years before everyone I knew w"},{"Movie":"Hugo","Title":"New Unwanted Home","Author":"monkiimax","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7934956","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So this is somehow a what if fic. What could have happened if Hugo was really sent to the orphanatory? It is sad and maybe I will continue it only if I get responses of people really reading it. I hope you like it and please review... When the station ward took me out of the cell I could hardly breathe. Isabelle and his god-father were waiting for me. They were waiting the automaton. They were waiting for me. Finally someone was waiting for me and I wasn´t going to be able to met them. He pulled me out not too rudely. I thought he was feeling pity for me but even though he gave me to the orphan owner. He was a creepy man and he seemed unhappy. His face was of stone but his eyes told everything. He was miserable. That scared me. I sat next to some other orphans and heard their cries. I didn´t want to cry. I didn´t want to appear weak so I stood on my seat and watched the city pass by. It was beautiful and full of snow. Now that I thought about it, the temperature couldn´t be more than 40 Fahrenheit degrees. But I didn´t feel the cold, he couldn´t feel anything at all. When I saw the orphan house I couldn´t help to feel the tears appear into my eyes. The house I saw was enormous but scary at the same time. Old and gray it showed it was old and in bad conditions. I wondered how it was inside, immediately I realized it couldn´t be better than the outside. There had to be a reason NO ONE wanted to go in there. I stepped out of the bus and entered to the house. I was right; it was as ugly as the outside. The difference was that in there dozens of kids where playing and talking. At least that was the way they looked like. Their eyes showed something else; the eyes of those children were dead, like if they were doing all those stuff only by inertia. I took some steps back scared. That wasn´t the place I was supposed to be. I was supposed to be with Isabella. Two strong hands took me by the shoulders and make me turn around. Again the orphan owner. I shivered and looked down scared; I had never been scarier in my whole life. He took me by the chin and made me look up. \"Beautiful eyes; don´t you think?\" he said to another man. He was taller and he had blonde hair. He was looking with interest. \"He is a pretty boy.\" The blonde guy answered. I just wanted to run. His eyes over me were making me nervous. \"He is going to be chosen really fast.\" I looked over him and try to appear angry. What the hell did he meant by chosen ? The owner takes me by the sleeve and takes me out of the building. \"No!\" I screamed as I tried to pull off. He is too strong and he shoves me several times in order to keep me still. The blonde guy is leading us toward a black car. Some of the other orphans are looking at me with fear. Finally they look alive. I screamed at them for help but none of them moved. I was thrown into the car and I knew there was no escape. Even though I keep screaming and hitting the window. \"Shut up.\" The blonde guy ordered me. \"Let me go. I have something to do. It is really important.\" I said almost in a beg and in only response was a slap. \"I said shut up.\" This time I obeyed. After some seconds I was brave enough to ask. \"Where are we going?\" \"England.\" I bit my lip and looked down as I tried to fight the tears. \"You are going to be adopted by a couple and be their sons.\" He paused and then he ribbed my cheek in a comforting way. I pulled away from the touch. \"If you act properly I will make sure it is a good home.\" \"I already have a home.\" I whispered. He laughed and gave me another slap in the other cheek. My head hit the glass of the window making me groan in pain. \"Not anymore.\"[Chapter 2] Sorry for the waiting but I just wanted to have the stroy clear before starting anything (I hate to do unfinished fics)...Nevermind. I hope you like it and sorry if I have some ( and by \"some\" I mean LOTS) grammar errors; this is unbeta...I don´t ownt the movies, the characters (only Hug in fact; the rest are kind of mine) or anything except the story line I walked behind the blond man as I tried to keep calm and cool. The weather in that new place was awful; wet but cold at the same time. It was snowing, just like in Paris, but everyone around me talked in funny English. I was able to understand some stuff but still I felt odd and strange. The blonde man ( his name was Edward but I preferred to call him the other way) took me by the arm and pulled me through some streets. I followed him quietly. I had stopped talking to him since we got into the boat so I supposed he was used to my silence. \"Enter.\" He ordered me and I obeyed. I could still feel the slap he had given me at the car in Paris. We got into an old theatre were a man was practicing some trucks with a black hat and a rabbit. He would put the rabbit inside the hat and then the rabbit would disappear right in front of him. I froze in my place as I watched the man putting the hat on a table and then pull the rabbit out of his coat. I opened my mouth amazed. \"August!\" The blonde man called. The magician turned around and smiled at us. Well, he kind of smiled at me. Instinctually hid myself behind the blond man; maybe I like the trick but I didn´t like the way that man was looking at me… He looked like if he was observing a new piece of furniture or a new pet. I didn´t like it. NORMAL POV August reached Edward and the boy in a few seconds. He couldn´t believe what he was seeing. The boy was perfect, just the way he had imagined and ordered. Enormous blue eyes, he couldn´t be more than 10 years old and of course, the fact that he spoke English and French, helped a lot. \"So this is the boy.\" said August as he looked over the young kid whom was hiding behind Edward. Maybe his face showed roughness and anger but his body language screamed that he was scared. August, aware of that, gave the kid the biggest and kindest smile he had. The kid looked down and took another step back. \"It´s perfect, Edward.\" \"I know.\" Edward smiled proudly. \"I just have a warning about him.\" The blonde man took Hugo by the arm and pulled him over to the front again. The younger one tried to pull back but the man was too strong. \"He can be a little bit too...\" Edward took Hugo by the wrist and pulled his face up so the magician could see him better. \"Unfriendly.\" Hugo swallowed all the bad words he knew in English and in French. He wasn´t an unfriendly person; he had friends at the station and he was pretty good using words whenever he spoke or wrote. The only person he was hostile with was with the blonde man. \"I should suppose it is only the kid´s fault?\" mocked August making the other man frown. Hugo raised his gaze stared at the magician. It was pretty obvious he had worked with that man before. \"I know your discipline methods and I should warn you big head, they are not the best.\" Edward buffed angrily. \"I am just doing my work. Now take him before he decides to run away just like your first boy.\" Hugo opened his eyes widely. So there was a possibility of escaping. He had a chance. Arthur laughed noisily and then he took Hugo by the arm gently. \"Don´t worry about it.\" Arthur pulled Hugo more closely to him. \"I will keep an eye on this one.\" Hugo frowned uncomfortable. Even if the man was smiling all the time he could feel something was wrong with him. He had literally bought him. He had payed the blonde man to take him away from his friends and country and now he was going to keep him there against his will. There was something wrong with that man. \"After all; I don´t want to lose such a beautiful guy like this one.\" the last comment made Hugo sweat cold. He turned his eyes away from the man and squeezed his fists nervous; afraid…. .-.-.-.-.-.-.-..-.- \"And this is your room.\" said August as he showed Hugo a little room with a bed on the corner and a small closet on one wall. The magician´s house wasn´t big but it was comfortable. It had a kitchen, a bathroom, 2 bedrooms (his and the magician´s) and a secret room where the magician had told Hugo he kept all his secret tricks. \"Do you like it?\" Hugo looked around and kept his mouth shut. Of course the room had no windows or chimney. On the floor Hugo was able to see plenty of books full with dust and dirt. He didn´t like the room; he didn´t like it because it wasn´t his room at the train station. There the room was enormous and he could always see the moon through his window and hear the tic-tac of the clocks. That room was too dark, too silent… Suddenly Hugo felt himself being pushed into the room and then he heard how the door closed behind him. \"You could feel it with your favorite things. Only if you told me what things do you like.\" Hugo didn´t even turn to see the man´s intention. He just ran toward the closet and hid behind of it. He stood there watching the man laugh at him. Hugo knew what people could be capable of. His father had warned him about bad people. His uncle had been a bad person. The office wasn´t bad but he worked for bad people. The blonde man was an awful person; and the magician; Hugo wasn´t sure but he didn´t look like a good person. \"Come on kid. I swear to you I don´t bite.\" joked the man as he walked over Hugo. The kid cuddled behind the closet and closed his eyes. In his mind he was thinking of all possibilities. He was sure he could fight but wasn´t so sure he would win the man. That man could hurt him and what Hugo feared more was that he didn´t know how much he would hurt him. \"I say come here.\" Hugo opened his eyes as he caught the man´s tone. He was ordering him something and he knew he had to follow. He was his slave. Hugo shook his head. \"Come!\" the man screamed making Hugo whimper. He was all alone with that man and he was his now. He had no choice. Slowly, he walked over the man. His head low and his eyes closed. A tear escaped from his eye when the man took him by the chin and made him look up. No, please; was all he could think. \"Was that so hard?\" asked the man in a lower voice. Hugo sighed scared. \"I think the man warned you before. If you behave good, good things happen.\" the magician played with Hugo´s hair as he kept with the speech. Right now he sounded so alike the blonde man. \"and if you behave badly…\" The man left the phrase incomplete. Hugo felt the man´s hands disappear and then he listened the door being open and then closed. When he was finally alone Hugo started crying. He curled into a ball and let himself fall to the cold floor. He was trapped. Unfriendly, Beautiful, Obedient; words kept haunting his thoughts as the tears kept falling from his blue eyes. Slave; he was just that, a beautiful slave.[Chapter 3] Sorry for the delay but, I am a lazy writter. I had lost of homework and I just arrived for the most amazing trip to Italy. BUt, returning to the story. I took the advoce of one of the reviwers and I wrote almost 3 chapters so I can update the story more often (And that means, next chapter on Friday; I swear) So, now enjoy the chapter :D At the magician´s house Hugo had different tasks along the day. In the morning he had to wake up before the magician to make him coffee and to feed all the animals. He would wash the magician´s dirty laundry and then dry it. After that when the magician was finally gone to practice on his secret room, Hugo had to clean all the rooms and the kitchen. In the afternoon he only had to make him lunch because the magician would always go out with a friend or associate. Hugo spent all afternoon ordering the magician´s tricks on his suit and put the animals back in the cages. Also, he had to order the magician´s books that every morning seemed to multiply. Finally at night he had to go with the magician to the theatre to pick up the money from the tickets and also introduce each trick. In each performance he had to use a funny suit with tons of color and some make up. The clothes were something like you could see in a pirate´s book and the make-up was a little bit to dramatic for his taste. \" It is to make your eyes look bigger and bluer.\" Would say the magician every time he put eyeliner on Hugo. But Hugo missed France. He missed the sound of the train and the clocks. He missed Isabelle and her grandpa. He missed all the people that worked at the station and had helped him in a moment or another. Even though he hated to admit it; Hugo missed the way his uncle used to treat him at the station. Not that the man was abusive or violent with him. The thing that was driving Hugo mad was the psychological violence. Every time he burn the magician´s dinner he would say something like \" It would be a shame to burn those two white hands like you did with the meat\" or if he left the bunnies out of his cage he would say \" I think I should lock you so you learn that wild animals can´t walk freely in the house.\" All those comments always left Hugo shaking like a leaf even though the magician never did things like that to him. That was his life for the last 2 weeks. \"Hugo!\" screamed the magician. Hugo jumped from his seat and ran toward the stage. He was already dressed for the show and he was just waiting for the magician´s assistant to put him his make-up. When he got to the stage he could feel his heart beating like crazy. If the man was screaming like that, it only meant trouble for him. When he got to the stage, Hugo was able to see that August wasn´t mad but he wasn´t alone. At his side there was a young man talking with him. He had brown curly hair and eyes as blue as his. Hugo walked closer and noticed that the man couldn´t be more than 20 years old. \"Hugo, I want to introduce you one of my old pupils; Abraham Liam.\" said August as he pulled Hugo toward the young man. The other one smiled pleased as he kneeled in front of him. Hugo stood quiet and immobile. \"Abraham, this is my new acquisition; Hugo Cabret.\" \"I thought this little pirate would have another name.\" joked Abraham. \"Something more like… Barbosa ?\" August laughed noisily to the joke; Hugo stood quiet. That man didn´t look as frightening as August did but Hugo had learnt not to trust everyone; and less if he was friend with August. \"I heard your native language is French.\" Abraham tried to change subject as he saw how his joke was ignored by the little boy. \"Could you talk to me in French?\" Now Hugo smiled slightly. \"Arrête de me faire chier.\" By the way the man and August smiled at him Hugo was aware they hadn´t understood a word. The little guy gave them a bigger smile. \"I knew you would get along!\" bragged August as he put his hand over Hugo´s shoulder and rubbed softly. Hugo didn´t move or react; he was used to August bipolarity; or better called, hypocrisy. \"Hugo, do you want to know why I am introducing Mr. Liam?\" Hugo didn´t want to know but he didn´t say a word. He liked happy August, at least happy August didn´t threaten him about encaging him in a wooden box. \"I am here to learn from my old professor. It seems that I am still not good enough so I returned to get better.\" said Abraham shyly. \"After all; August is the master of all magicians.\" August laughed about the complement but didn´t denied it. That was another thing that bothered Hugo about the magician; his lack of humility. \"May I leave now? I have to get my makeup done before the show starts.\" whispered Hugo as he looked down submissive. In the last weeks he had learnt that if he made a puppy face and asked things politely he could avoid making mad August. \"There will be time for that. Now I want you to show Abraham the theatre and don´t forget to make him comfortable.\" said August as he pushed Hugo toward him. Hugo almost fell but he was able to keep his balance at the last second. He could feel his knees now shaking. Why August wanted him to attend the younger magician? Was that a sign that he kind of trusted him or it was something more twisted? He knew that Augusts' tricks were good, but some of them were kind of creepy and twisted. Like when he cut his assistant in front of the audience or when he took a snake out of his nose. Hugo gulped as he remembered those images; if Augusts´ tricks were twisted, he feared his mind was as sick as them. \"Hugo!\" called the magician. Hugo hadn´t noticed the conversation between the two magician´s. \"Why don´t you show Abraham his room?\" Hugo opened his mouth about to ask where his room was but then he remembered the secret bedroom August liked to use at every premier. \"Sure, follow me.\" said Hugo as he started walking toward the room. He could hear Abraham following him but he noticed August wasn´t with them. Hugo finally breathed relieved. \"So are you always this serious?\" asked Abraham as he unpacked his stuff. Hugo was watching him silently as he sat on the floor with his back against the wall next to the door. The guy didn´t answered; as always. \"Well, I am what you could consider a shy guy but when I get in confidence I can talk non-stopping.\" Hugo noticed the guy was trying hard to make him talk; maybe too hard. \"So in order to become friends I am going to tell you about myself. I am 19 years old, born and raised in England. I like candies and hot chocolate. I hate all vegetables and I like to read and go to the movies.\" The last part caught Hugo´s attention. Every time he thought about movies and cinemas, he couldn´t help to think about his dad. He hated to think about his dad and more in those moments. Abraham noticed the change in the kids face. He had gone from grumpy and serious to sad. He sighed trying to think what he had said wrong. When he realized he hadn´t done anything he thought about another alternative to make the boy smile. Abraham opened one of his bags and picked a candy from the bunch he had brought from his trips to France, Spain and Portugal. \"Does this candy can buy the little pirate a smile?\" The result he received was nothing he could have ever imagined. Hugo looked at him with an angry grin and then stood up with a jump. \"You think you can buy everything, right? Do I have a price tag that tells my price? Am I something you can buy on a store in a sale?!\" screamed Hugo. Abraham stared at the boy puzzled. Obviously he knew the boy was a slave bought by August and he kind of understood his anger but he couldn´t understand why he was screaming at him. \"It wasn´t my intention.\" tried to say Abraham but Hugo didn´t stop screaming. \"Of course it was! But guess what, I am not going be bought again. Someone did that once and I am not going to be toyed by any one. I am stuck with August but that doesn´t mean you own me too.\" \"I never said that!\" Abraham walked closer to Hugo but the little guy just ran away from the man. He cuddled in a corner and hugged himself. Abraham knew that corporal message. He was trying to protect himself. \"I am not a toy.\" he sighed as he cleaned a tear that was slipping through his left cheek. \"I am person; right?\" when he said that question he looked over Abraham with pledging eyes. The young magician messed his hair up as he tried to think of what to say now. \"Am I a person?!\" \"Yes, but not here!\" that answered shocked both of the boys. Abraham took a deep breath and put his thoughts in order. \"You are a person but as long as you are with August you are nothing more than an attractive for his show.\" Hugo stared at him confused. An attraction? What was Abraham talking about? \"I need to explain you something about August.\" Abraham sat on the bed and let a sigh from his lips. \"About why you are trapped here…\"[Chapter 4] Sorry for the delay but I have an aweful author´s block and I even have two of my sotries in stand by because I can´t get my lazy but to right any decent story. Anyway... Please Enjoy and Review! I don´t own Hugo or any of the characters except the ones I made up :3 \"Where is him?\" asked Isabelle with a serious voice. The police officer sighed as he put the final point on his last report. That was the fifth time in that week and he was getting tired of the young girl´s insistence. He rubbed his eyes tired and then stood slowly. It was already 8 pm and he wasn´t in the mood of fighting with the blonde girl. Like if he hadn´t enough problems already. The clocks at the station were malfunctioning, even some were completely out of time and he couldn´t find the man in charge of them. \"I already told you where I send the young thief.\" \"He is not a thief!\" shouted Isabella but immediately she recovered her composure. \"He is my friend and I am worried.\" \"You shouldn´t be. He is perfectly fine; safe and sound in the orphan place where he must be waiting for a family… \" started the officer but Isabella cut him off. \"He is not there. I went today and there is no record of him. Nobody ever saw him and nobody knows where he is.\" The officer stopped coldly. The blood stopped running through his body and a shiver ran up his back. She had to be kidding him. The little thief was in the orphan, he had to be. \"He must have been adopted.\" he tried to lie but he knew how fake he sounded. Isabella frowned not buying it. \"Then why he isn´t here?\" the officer stood quiet not to know what to answer anymore. \"He is my best friend and I know he is in danger. I can feel it.\" The older man shook his head not wanting to believe it. .-.-.-.-.-..- \"Have you ever gone to a circus?\" asked Abraham. Hugo was sitting next to him as he kept eating the candy. His eyes were puffy from the tears he had kept for himself and he could feel his heart racing one hundred miles per hour. Hugo nodded softly. He preferred watching movies than looking at some stupid clowns but he had gone to one or two. \"And what do circuses have in common? Asked Abraham as he took another candy from his bag and put it inside his mouth. Hugo thought about it for a second. \"There are always clowns, acrobats, horses, monkeys and lots of junk food.\" Abraham laughed by the last comment. \"What about elephants?\" Hugo raised an eye brown confused. \"What if a circus had a huge and talented elephant?\" Hugo looked down and thought about it. Elephants weren´t common in France and the only ones he had seen were the ones in books. He imagined a circus with an elephant and automatically he imagined lots of people entering just to see the elephant. \"Now imagine if that elephant has something special.\" \"The circus would become famous.\" ended Hugo still not understanding where Abraham was going. Abraham took another candy from his bag and Hugo took it without hesitation. \"You are Augusts' elephant.\" Hugo blinked confused; he was far from being an elephant. \"You are his ticket to fame.\" \"I don´t understand.\" whispered Hugo trying to ignore the twist in his stomach. He remembered all those looks August use to give him; the way he was always trying to make him look \" cute\" and \" interesting .\" He understood; the thing was that the fact he was being used made him sick. August didn´t see him like a person, he never did. \"Am I something that attracts people? Why?\" Abraham brushed Hugo´s hair away from his forehead and stared at his eyes. They were so deep and blue he wasn´t surprised by August election. The last kid he had bought had come from Africa. His name was Zulee and he had been about 15 years old in that time. Abraham remembered when they met. He was thin and kind of short but something about his posture and his eyes made him look fierce and dangerous. The kid didn´t stay long under Augusts' control. After 3 months in England he managed to escape. \"Because you are special.\" Abraham took Hugo by the chin and really observed the kid´s face. He had soft facial features, he looked still like a young kid and you could sense the innocence every time he showed he was scared or confused. His skin was so pale he could easily see the bags of lack of sleeping under his eyes and the pinkness of his cheeks showing he was feeling uncomfortable. \"You are a beautiful kid with amazing eyes.\" Hugo pulled away from Abraham´s hand and stood up. \"There are lots of other boys who have blue eyes and they are not enslaved by crazy magician´s\" Abraham sighed. \"Yes, maybe, but it is weird to see a French little guy in England.\" \"Bullshit.\" hissed Hugo. Abraham tried to hide the laugh that wanted to burst out. It seemed pretty funny to hear such strong words from the mouth of such a little kid. \"You shouldn´t say that. How old are you? 10…11?\" \"I am almost 13.\" answered Hugo surprised by the other boy perception. Did he really look that young? Abraham smiled and then nodded. \"You have to be kidding me.\" Zulee also looked younger that what he appeared. Suddenly a loud noise filled the theatre making both boys jump. Hugo knew the meaning of that sound, the show was about to start and August was telling the rest of the crew to prepare immediately. \"Crap!\" he shouted as he realized he didn´t have his make up on, hadn´t picked up the people´s tickets and he wasn´t sure which trick was going first. He ran toward the door and opened violently making it hit against the wall. \"I have to leave now.\" He knew that August would be mad if he didn´t show up with his makeup done and he would become insane if he didn´t appeared in time to present the first trick. Abraham opened his mouth to answer something but Hugo was gone before he managed to say something. Alone in his room he tried to understand August and his weird fetish with young and exotic kids. Suddenly, another thought hit him just like the one that he had when he met Zulee. From where did August got that kid? Sorry it is short but I promise next time will be better. PS: I am looking for a Beta, if someone wants to volunteer or wants to recomend me someone I will be very grateful! ","Summary":" So this is somehow a what if fic. What could have happened if Hugo was really sent to the orphanato"},{"Movie":"Daybreakers","Title":"All Around Me","Author":"CuteSango07","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7838630","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Where the hell do you think you're going? Get on the ground now!\" Shit! Damned vampires and their stupid technology to walk in the sun! Damn-it! What the hell am I supposed to say, \"Yes, sir. I was only making my way towards my campout of humans. We are trying to find a way to kill the rest of you. Or possibly cure you all.\" Yeah, that is so not going to work on this one. Maybe if he wasn't in charge and he was stupid, then yeah, I could probably get away with it. Maybe… \"Would you tell me where you are going? I will not ask again!\" The vampire soldier snapped. \"Oh, sorry. I forgot you asked a question.\" I rolled my eyes. \"I thought it would be nice to go for a walk in the glorious sun,\" I threw my arms in the air and twirled. \"Why do you want to know, huh? I'm not hurtin' anyone by walking, ya know. I do have a right t-\" I stopped mid-sentence due to the fact that he had his gun pointing at my face. I guess he wanted to shut me up. I have a tendency to ramble when I get nervous or scared. Though right now, I wasn't all that scared. \"Uh, okay. Shutting up now.\" I said. \"Good. Now, tell me where you are really heading and what is in the bag. I'm getting tired of your game of rambling.\" \"God, okay. Geeze, could you please put the gun down? It's not like I have a cross bow pointed at you or anything,\" I stated. He lowered his weapon and stepped forward just a tad. He wanted to make sure that I would not go anywhere. Where was I going to go anyway? (I mean, I know that I was supposed to head back to Audrey and the others, but I was not about to lead him to them. He would call for backup and then all of my friends would be murdered. Yeah, right!) But I couldn't head anywhere else. This place was a desert! I wouldn't survive long enough out here anyways – the houses here were dilapidated, except the little shack, and there was no food. So, I would either get killed by the vampires or die from hunger. That wasn't an option, so he needn't worry about me going anywhere. I replied, \"Before I start saying anything, could we kinda start over? I mean, it's not every day I see a vampire soldier in front of my face. Oh, and it's not sunny where we're at ya know. We are both under a tree. We have shade, remember? So if you could, would you take your helmet off. I feel like I'm talking to a robot or something.\" He huffed, but took his helmet off anyways. \"There, you happy?\" He asked. \"Oh, and my name is Dalton. Frankie Dalton. Thanks for asking.\" I chuckled, \"You're oh so welcome, Frankie. And why have you come to this nice little area, hmmm? Trying to get as many humans as you can? You know, if you keep taking all of the humans, there won't be any more for you vampires to suffice. You know that right?\" I have no idea why I keep talking to this guy. I mean, yeah he's attractive and all, but he's a vampire. He has no heart. And he's strong as hell! … Well, maybe not as strong as me, but still. He advanced a little more and snarled, \"I could kill you right now if I wanted to you know! I wouldn't have a problem doing it!\" \"Oh, I know you could kill me if you wanted to. But you won't. 'Cause if you wanted to you would have already done it,\" I countered. I got him that time. I knew he wouldn't kill me. I was too valuable for that. He needed my blood to soothe his appetite. Plus, if he killed me, he wouldn't be able to find my friends. Though really, if he did decide to drink my blood, he would be changed into another being. Just let me say that I'm not entirely human. My family tree states that our ancestors had a special type of blood – one that could change humans instantly if bitten. Though, I would never bite anyone. I didn't like my lineage. However, I do use my powers when vampires try to attack our sanctuary. I will my power forward and 'poof' I change into something entirely inhuman. My family always said that I looked like a werewolf, though really, I just change into the first thing that pops in my head. So I guess I really could be called a werewolf maybe even a shape shifter...? I don't change into a wolf on the full moon or anything in the like. I'm not that kind of wolf… He knew he couldn't kill me. But, he could try to knock me out. If I wanted I would let him do it, but seeing as I don't want to be taken away, he would not be able to put one bruise on me. \"You have a point. I will not kill you. But, if you do not do as I say, then you will be killed, understood?\" I nodded. \"Good. Now, tell me where your group is and what's in that bag of yours.\" \"You have got to be kidding me! I wouldn't tell you even if I was half dead. I would never betray my friends! Haven't we already been over this?\" I was pissed. I would never tell him my friends' whereabouts. \"And what is in the bag is none of your business!\" Man, is this guy crazy! Cute, but crazy… Ugh! Stop it! He clenched his jaw a few times and sighed. \"Look, just tell me where they are. This doesn't have to be complicated.\" \"I…,\" I turned my head slightly to the left and looked towards the green/yellow leaves. I couldn't give my friends up. They were too precious to me. I don't want to be alone, you know? My whole family is dead and I don't want to have that same feeling of loss when I lost them… Frankie sighed once again and said, \"You know what? You never told me your name. What is it?\" He didn't know why he asked, he just felt that he needed to. He saw her concentrating on the leaves overhead and was about to ask again when she said something very soft. \"What was that? I may be a vampire, but I don't have the most acute hearing you know.\" \"I said my name is Marleene, but my friends call me Marley. I hate the name, but it's what my parents gave me. So I guess it fits me,\" I chuckled slightly and kept on, \"And to be honest, I'd rather be called by my middle name – Evelyn. It just sounds so luring… and it's better than being called Marleene. But it's up to you to what you call me. So whatever\" I shrugged. \"Evelyn…\"[Chapter 2] That encounter with Frankie was seven years ago. I was only 17 at the time, so if you did the math right then you would know that I am 24 years old. And you may be wondering how I survived that long and what happened that day. Well, we got the names out of the way and Frankie had told me to go back to my friends. I don't know why he wanted to help me, earlier he had wanted me to tell him where the rest of my friends were. I don't know. I'm confused as to why he did it. But whatever I guess. And with me surviving, yeah, let me just say I used my talents to keep myself on this 'beautiful' earth. You also may be wondering why Frankie and I have not seen each other again. His troop was stationed at Tampa, Florida and well, that's where I came in. I lived in Florida way before the vampires started to take over. You see, there were always vampires, but there were never this many. The vampire race tried to sustain their eating habits by only hunting wild animals. As you can see, it didn't turn out that well. I had a mother, a father, two brothers, a sister, and two dogs. I was the second youngest child. My brothers, 15, were twins. My sister was 6 when everything happened. That would have made me 13 at the time of the vampire apocalypse. But it was past tense – had. My whole family was mauled by those creatures. They were struggling to stay alive for me. My parents told me to finish them off, for the blood we have is not supposed to be mixed with deformed blood. It would turn us into wild beasts. We would kill the innocent only for their blood, like the vampires are now doing. I had no choice – I had to put a stop to their suffering. Though I was only 13 at the time, I was very powerful. My parents taught my brothers and me how to defend ourselves when we were seven. The twins, Aiden and Matt, could take care of themselves as a team, but when separated their power dwindled. That is how the vampires took them out. My little sister didn't have a chance against those vamps; Vera wasn't at the age to learn how to fight. My parents told me to take care of her. I tried, honestly I did. But I was outnumbered and it's kinda hard to fight three to four vampires by yourself when you're only 13 years old trying to keep your sister safe. I told Vera to run and hide; that I would come find her. Now I could concentrate a tad bit more. I took out two of the vampires. Two more to go and then I could go find Vera. I side-kicked the third vamp – down he went. My hand then made its way to his heart. I pulled the guy's heart out, firmly holding it and squeezed to make a fist. The heart disintegrated in my hand. The last vampire stood stock still. Apparently they hadn't seen me do that yet. I guess they thought I wasn't capable of doing that much damage. I don't know. I was about to spring on them, but suddenly Vera screamed. I stopped mid-stride and ran to where her scream came from. \"VERA!\" I had yelled. \"VERA! Where are you?\" I was a total wreck. I couldn't figure out where she was. I had paused and could remember my dad telling me to stay calm and use my senses around me if things got out of control. I did just that and stood still for a second. I could feel fear down the hallway. I sprinted towards the room Vera was in and kicked the door down. \"Vera, baby, you in here,\" I whispered. I heard a shuffling noise and went immobile. \"Sissy,\" Vera had replied. She was a mess. She had part of her throat torn where you could see her esophagus. More than half of her blood was spilt on the floor. She wouldn't live that much longer. I made sure no one was in the room and said, \"Yes baby girl, it's me.\" I could see that she would not make it – she had lost so much blood. I went to her and knelt beside her. Holding back my tears I said, \"Hey sweetie. I'm so sorry I wasn't here to protect you. I should have told you to stay behind me the whole time. I-\" She cut me off, \"It's okay Marleve.\" She had used my nickname. She liked to put both the first and middle names together. She continued, \"Mommy and daddy would say that you did the right thing. They love you. They would have done the same thing in your situation.\" I nodded, \"You know, you're really smart for a six year old.\" I laughed sadly. \"I know I am,\" she managed a smile and looked over my shoulder. She whispered, \"Sissy, behind you.\" I stood, spun around and came face to face with the vampire I was about to kill before making my way upstairs. It lunged at me, mouth wide showing its fangs. I side stepped and swung my left leg out to execute a hook kick. My heel made contact to the back of their head. I made sure to put as much impact as possible into that one kick. I didn't want it to come back up for seconds. I heard a crunch and saw that the back of their head had caved in. They gasped and fell to the floor. To make sure that they were dead I made my nails elongate and sliced their head from their spine. I turned back around and saw that my sister was about to pass away. I dropped down on my knees and held her in my arms. \"Vera, I am going to…\" I sniffed and felt tears running down my face, \"I'm goin'-\" She licked her lips and struggled out, \"You're going to finish me off. I know Marleve, you have to. Mommy and daddy said that if it came down to it, we would have to put down our loved ones even if we didn't want to. I know it will hurt you, sissy, believe me I wouldn't want to kill you either. But if you don't put me out of my misery I will most likely go crazy.\" She grabbed my right hand with her small, delicate hands and squeezed lightly. \"Just do it Marleve. I won't be mad at you for doing it. I love you.\" I hesitated at first but said, \"Okay baby girl. You won't feel a thing I promise. I love you forever and always.\" Vera smiled and closed her eyes tightly. I placed each hand on the side of her head and twisted to the right. I heard a loud crack and knew instantly that she was dead. I placed her body on the floorboard and noticed that she had a smile on her petite face. She knew that I had to do it and she was happy that it was me killing her instead of those damn bastards. I got up from the floor and decided to go downstairs to make sure that the other vampires were dead or had left. Once downstairs I found the bodies of my brothers lying side by side. All of their blood was drained from them. I then noticed that the vampires that killed them were still here. Since they had drunk both of my brothers dry, their blood and my brothers' blood were mixed together. Our blood cells and vampires' don't get along. Once our blood is in their bloodstream the vampires will end up changing into a subsider. We, my family and my ancestors, could not figure out why it did this. All we knew is that we had different blood types and once the different blood types were fused together, the vampires would end up going crazy, just as we would if injected with vampire blood; or bitten by one. Before they could change into a subsider I tore their heads from their bodies with my extreme strength. I then made my way to my brothers' bodies and made sure that they were dead for good. I told them that I loved them and that one day I would see them again. I found my parents in the den, their bodies mutilated from top to bottom. I gasped and ran towards them. \"Mom, dad,\" I screamed. I fell to the floor crying. \"No, no. This isn't happening. I just lost my sister and two brothers. I can't lose you two now. Please, please wake up. Please just…\" My dad moved slightly and softly said, \"Marleene, dear, you need to finish your mother and me off. Okay, honey? Can you do that?\" He held back a grunt and grabbed for my hand. I shook my head, tears streaming down my face. My mother responded, \"Marleene Evelyn Fright, we will not take no for an answer. Now do as your father says. Your father and I will become wild if you do not free us from this. Listen dear, we will meet again someday. I promise you that. Just do it. Now,\" she whispered, for she was having a hard time speaking. I fought back a sob and hugged the both of them, \"I love you daddy, momma.\" They said they loved me too and right after they said this I shoved both of my hands into their chests. I grabbed a hold of their hearts and pulled – hard. I then smashed their hearts and watched them fall to the ground, free. I stood up and scanned the rest of the other rooms to make sure there were no other vampires in the house. There were none inside, so I cautiously made my way outside. I walked all around the house to see if the vamps had left. They did. No one else was here. I went back inside, grabbed a shovel from the garage, and strode back outside. I found a good spot to bury my family and started to dig five holes. I finished an hour later and brought my parents, brothers, and little sister outside and dropped their bodies in their designated burial spot. I covered them up and went to go look for some big ass rocks. I wanted to make sure that they each had a headstone. I wrote their names, the date they were born, and what they meant to me on their monument. Max and Pete, my two guard dogs, were hiding in the shed in the backyard. (Yeah, they were supposed to be guard dogs, but really they sucked at their jobs. They were big sweethearts and could take on anything if they wanted to, but for some reason they wouldn't go near the vampires. Hmmm…) Max is a Doberman Pinscher and Pete is a Rottweiler. Yeah, they were massive dogs and yet they were scared of vamps. Oh well, they were okay, so I guess that's all that matters. They came running from the shed, jumped on me and started to lick my face. I laughed and said, \"Okay, okay. Boys down, down.\" They stopped and got off of me. I sighed. Where the hell was a supposed to go now? My whole family was slaughtered! Ugh, this was not good. I, being 13, could not live alone. I mean, I could, but I didn't want to.[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: I own nothing except my own characters. (Marley, Max, Pete, her family, and any others that were never in the movie). :) I know this is quite a short chapter, but I'm trying to figure out long I want my chapters to be. I might make them longer, or I might just leave them the way they are. *shrugs* I just don't know yet. :/ So I lived by myself, of course I had both Max and Pete to keep me company, for about three and a half years. I had stayed in my original house due to the fact that I had nowhere else to go. I went about cleaning the house and doing other chores outside of my household – mowing the yard when the grass grew, raking the leaves when fall came around, I even planted a few flowers in the spring. I had woods on the backside of my house and I would go there to hunt for food. (How else was I supposed to get food? I mean, I could drive all the way to town and get food and other supplies, but I could also get caught by the vampires while being out and then they could follow me to my house. So nope that was not an option). I always went to the shed and practiced my fighting. I know it was risky to do all of this, but it helped me cope with everything. Every night I would make supper for the dogs and I. Then I would go to my room and read a book before going to bed. Max and Pete slept with me too. I tried to leave them outside once, but they threw a fit. I guess they wanted me as company too. It was the middle of the third year and I was used to going around doing the same old thing. Max and Pete were now four years old and I was 16 going on 17. One night while I was sleeping, the dogs woke me up by growling. I thought that maybe it was the vampire soldiers in search of more humans. Max and Pete jumped off the bed and went to the window still growling. I whispered, \"What is it boys?\" They growled back in response. I made my way to the window and saw a couple of cars. Normal cars. They weren't the vampire militia at all. At least,I didn't think so. I sighed heavily when humans got out of the car. What the hell do these people want? I told the dogs it was okay and cautiously made my way downstairs, Max and Pete hot on my tail. I was a few steps from the floor when I heard a knock and some whispering. \"What the hell Audrey? No one is here!\" Some guy said. \"You don't know that Collin. The place looks pretty well kept. No one in their right mind would want to be living here if the place was hideous. I wouldn't anyways…\" I'm assuming the woman that just retorted was Audrey. \"It doesn't matter what you wouldn't want. If I was living somewhere I would want the most run down place there was. Why would someone want to live in a place like this when the vampires would likely notice that someone was living here when the house and everything around it was spruced up? Huh,\" Collin stated. \"Well I don't care. I knocked on the door because I have a feeling that someone is living here. So just shut the hell up.\" The woman knocked on the door again. The man beside her sighed, but didn't say anything. Should I open the door? I looked at my dogs and whispered, \"Do you guys think I should?\" Both of my dogs looked at me with their heads cocked to the side. \"Okay, fine. I will.\" I made my way to the bottom of the stairs, opened the door slightly, and asked, \"Yes, and what do you people want?\" The woman, Audrey, jumped back and said, \"Oh goodness, you scared the living shit out of me!\" She sighed and continued, \"Uh, we needed a place to stay for the night. His daughter and another friend of ours is really sick and we just needed a place for them to be safe. Would you let us come in and stay for the night? I promise we will be gone by tomorrow.\" I contemplated whether or not I should let them stay. I haven't had anyone with me for so long. Maybe having a few people for a night wouldn't be so bad… but what if they are lying and are helping the vampires? I mentally shrugged. I guess it wouldn't hurt. If they are working for the vampires, I could just kill them. Won't be a big deal. \"I guess I could let you guys stay for a while. I have a few rooms you could stay in if you like. They're old and have a few spider webs, but they should suffice.\" I opened the door wider so they could walk through. \"Thank you so much,\" Audrey exclaimed. I nodded my head and shut the door after they were all through. I turned around and saw that they were staring at my house. \"Uh, you guys okay?\" \"This house is so beautiful,\" Audrey replied in awe. \"I thought all houses were all run down now since the vampires came through here. But I guess I was wrong.\" Collin finally spoke up and said, \"Yeah, I mean, every house that we have come across has been dilapidated. All except this one. Do you clean this house every day?\" I laughed and replied, \"Yes, it's a chore of mine. I try to keep busy. That way, if the vampires ever disperse and leave humans alone, I will have a wonderful house to live in. But it's not all that beautiful. I mean, I just told you guys that the upstairs rooms are covered with spider webs and such…\" Collin laughed, \"Well it doesn't matter what our rooms look like as long as we have a bed to sleep in. And the house does look good. You've done a great job.\" \"Oh, thank you,\" I said. I was about to go back to bed, but then thought that they might be hungry. I stopped by the stairs and said, \"Um, you guys hungry or anything? I have food in the fridge, freezer, and the pantries. So you can make yourselves at home. But just make sure that you don't eat all of it okay? I would like to make breakfast in the morning for you guys. I bet it's been a while since you have had one.\" I smiled, \"I guess I will see you guys in the morning then.\" I trotted half way up the stairs and called out, \"Oh! And the medicine is in the cupboard above the freezer. That should help with their infections. And the rooms are just up these stairs. There are two rooms down the left hallway and three down the right. My room is the last room down the right hallway. So if you need anything, just bang on my door!\" Audrey and Collin hollered, \"Okay, thanks!\" They then went to look for medicine and food. I went to my room and fell into a deep sleep with my two dogs beside me. The next day I went down to the kitchen and made breakfast for everyone. I made biscuits, gravy, eggs, and bacon. I placed glasses on the table and left the milk and orange juice in the fridge. They could figure out what they wanted to drink. For all I knew, one of them could be allergic to milk. I didn't want to see one of them die! That would be horrible! I heard Max and Pete growl. \"Okay you guys here.\" I went to the cupboard on the far side of the kitchen, poured food into their bowls and set them on the ground. \"Goodness, you two are always hungry, you know that?\" I shook my head as I watched them jump over each other, happy to have their food. The floorboards creaked as the four people I met last night made their way downstairs. I heard one of them exclaim it smelled good down here. I think it might have been one of the girls that were sick. I smiled and made my way to the kitchen door. I slid it open and happily replied, \"Isn't it though? I made biscuits, gravy, eggs, and bacon. Hopefully, none of you are allergic to any of that. That would suck!\" I laughed and told them to have a seat and enjoy the food. I asked them what they wanted to drink and they told me. I finally sat down after courting them, ate my fill and asked them what they were doing here. They told me that they were going around Florida seeking anyone who wasn't a vampire and if they could find any vampires that would help them. They then told me that they were heading to Australia (Brisbane, Australia to be exact). Once they told me they were heading to Australia I intently listened to what they had to say about going there. My parents always wanted to visit that place and maybe since these people were headed that way, maybe I could go with them and make my parent's dream come true. Though my parents are dead, I am a part of them. I will make their dream come true. They would like that. I had packed up some of my clothes and bolted the doors shut. Just because I was leaving the place doesn't mean I want other people in my house. I wanted this house spotless when I got back here. I went to the shed out back and put my black BMW S1000RR in the back of my blue 2012 Chevy Silverado. I then got in the back of the truck and hooked the bike in place that way it wouldn't fall off. I put all of my bags in the front floorboard and told Max and Pete to get in the back. They wagged their tails and hopped in. I made sure that Audrey, Collin, Felicia, and Julie (I finally figured out their names) were ready to go. I said, \"And how are we supposed to get our vehicles over the ocean? I mean, I know we have ships and stuff, but are they controlled by the vamps or humans? I don't want to have a fight on my way there.\" Collin replied, \"The ship is run by humans. The vampires won't do anything to them because they need the humans to help bring other humans to Australia. So you don't have to worry about fights breaking out on the ship. It won't happen.\" \"Oh, okay. Good,\" I sighed. I didn't want to have a fight. I'm tired of fighting. I mean, I can kick major ass when I need to, but I hate it. It just leads to more people dying and I hate looking at lifeless bodies. It's pointless really. I made sure we had everything we needed and told them to follow me. I knew all of the shortcuts to get there. They said okay and we left. We would have gotten to the ship dock before nightfall but Julie was feeling sick again. We had to stop and let her rest for a while. I told them to stay in their car and I would go out and find a shelter for the night. I told Max and Pete to stay with the group then I hopped into my truck and drove off, searching for a place to stay. A few miles out I spotted a little shack that we could stay in. I opened my door and jumped out of my truck. I then trekked another half mile before I got to the shack. I sniffed the air to make sure that no vampires were in the area. I didn't smell any, but I did smell dried blood. I cautiously made my way to the shack and opened the front door. What I saw made me gasp. There was a family in there. They were slaughtered to death! I held my breath and walked inside the shack. I moved the bodies to the back of the house and cleaned the front room a little. I didn't want any bacteria to make Julie feel any worse than she already did. I then went around the little shack to see if these people had anything useful to take to Australia and set the stuff in my bag. By the time I was finished fixing up the place it was light outside. I cursed and walked outside in the blaring heat. (This would have been the right time to have a cell phone). Though I was sure I was only gone for at least an hour, I wanted to get back to the group as soon as possible. I picked up the bag and started to head towards my truck, which was a half mile away. Sue me. I didn't want any vampires figuring out where my friends and I were going to stay for the day and night . I kept looking over my shoulder in case an army truck tried to 'sneak' up on me. I was halfway to my truck when I saw a beautiful tree standing firm in the ground. Wow, it's beautiful. It's standing strong in this chaotic world. I walked towards the tree and set my bag by its complex roots. I studied the leaves from above and smiled. I have never seen this type of tree before and I didn't think one would be out here in this severe heat. I sat down next to my gym bag and leaned against the tree. I sat there for a while until I realized if I didn't get back to my group they would worry even more about me. I stood and started to walk the rest of the way to my truck when I heard a voice behind me. \"Where the hell do you think you're going? Get on the ground now!\" That lovely voice of Frankie will forever haunt me. And wherever I go, there he will always be; all around me. Though I guess you could say that at that moment his voice wasn't all that lovely… he was basically yelling at me. But the way he said my name, oh yeah. Now that was lovely. As I said before, he let me go. We went our separate ways. He never told any of his men where I was at, because if he did all of my friends would have been dead. I was a lucky girl, all right. Author's Note: Sooo... I forgot to add my disclaimer to my first two chapters... and I finally realized how to edit these things. -_-' Ugh, pain in my rear. But, I really hope that you guys enjoy the story. I don't really care about feedback; actually I could really care less about it. I mean, I wouldn't mind some but if you're just going to complain about something in my story(or try to hurt my feelings), and think that I'm going to care, I won't. *smiles* I wrote this solely for my own enjoyment and I rather like how it turned out. So BWAH with that. ^_^ On another note - If you really do like my story then go right ahead and send me something nice or whatever you want. (I like nice comments). :) My friends like my story, so I'm thinking if they like it, then you guys will too. Have a wonderful day! ~!*CuteSango07*!~[Chapter 4] Disclaimer: I own nothing except for my own original character(s). Once we had gotten to Australia Audrey told us a place where we could go. She had said that it would be secluded of vampires. We drove there, making sure that no vamps were following us, for about four hours. She said that no one has been here in ages. I asked her how she knew that and she replied that she knew a guy who lived there. I made an 'O' shape with my mouth and said cool. And that's where we lived. I turned 17 in that abode – they gave me a small birthday party. I had laughed and said thanks. They didn't get me anything of course. But that was fine with me. I was just glad to have people around me for once. A few months later I was sent to go get food – we had met a few other humans so we were running out of supplies. I told them that I would go get the food since I had the fastest vehicle to get there and back before sundown. That, and they knew about my ability – I told them about it when we first got to the shelter. They agreed with me, but said to be careful. I went halfway to the city and hid my bike. I didn't want to take my truck because it would look too suspicious. My dogs would have wanted to go with me and if I took them, the vampire militia would have thought it was weird to have dogs being that I was 'supposedly' one of them. So yeah, I didn't want to land in any fights. But I hid my bike as best as I could and walked the rest of the way to the city. I got in without any problems because the vampire army wasn't around. I went into the nearest stores and took what I could. I grabbed canned foods, razors (yes, I like to keep my legs hairless), and soap. I also went to an artillery store and grabbed a couple of cross bows, handguns, ammo, and arrows. I know, it sounds like I wouldn't be able to carry all of this stuff, but I had a huge gym bag with me – so no worries. After I was done getting the supplies, I made my way back to my bike. I sat on the seat, started the ignition, and headed back to my friends. When I turned 20 I got the ability to elongate my canines and let my eyes glow in the dark like the vampires do. Occasionally, I will have a few vampires ask why my eyes are bright green instead of amber. I just tell them my eyes have been like this since I was bitten. I just played dumb with them – I got a good laugh out of it. When I make my way back to the hideout after searching for people, I think about him . I know it's crazy to have a guy you met a while back ago on your mind all the time, but I can't help it. Something about him just captivates me. I saw the real color of his eyes behind those luminescent, amber orbs – grey blue. They could break me if need be. And I know I'm sounding like a dumb, hormonal, teenage girl. I can't help it. I can see all the pain behind those eyes; I can feel it. It tears deep down in my core. And his voice caught my attention as well: deep and rough, but altogether sweet. I would go to my room and fall asleep with his face lodged into my head. Is that bad? Ugh! I had my days where I would think about him constantly, but then other days it would just fade. Plus, I kept meeting guys and falling in love with them. So that kept my mind from Frankie. But when I gave my heart to those assholes, it would get lost. They were working with the vampires, go figure! My heart would just blast away and get left in space, waiting to lose its oxygen; making it hard to breathe. I always fell hard, but now, now I won't let my barrier down. But maybe, just maybe… A few years passed and I turned 24. Almost half of 30 – the age my parents died. Hopefully I will last longer than them. I want to at least make sure that more than half of the vampires aren't in control of the whole universe. Audrey and Collin had stumbled upon a man named Lionel, though he preferred to be called Elvis. Elvis used to be a vampire, but one day he was driving his car and wasn't paying attention and crashed into a fence. The impact was so strong that it made him fly out of his front window, into the sun, and land in a lake. He told Audrey that the sun was the cure for vampires. If they stood out in the sun for a few seconds and then doused themselves with water, then they would become human again. When Audrey told me this I thought she was making it up. Vampires were supposed to die in the sun, right? She made Elvis come talk to me. \"Look kid,\" he pulled his shirt collar down a little and showed me his bite mark. \"This right here is all the proof you need to know that I was once a vampire. I did get thrown out in sunlight, but I landed in a big lake afterwards. The heat of the sun and the cool of the water changed me back.\" I looked at his neck for a few seconds and then nodded, \"Okay. Well, how are you going to convince other vampires to walk out in the sun and burn and then find a lake and jump in it? I don't think it will turn out that well.\" Elvis looked to where Audrey and Collin were standing, sighed, and turned his attention back to me, \"I know it sounds impossible, but it's not. We will think of a way to change the vampires back to humans. I know we will.\" He turned around and walked off. I huffed and muttered under my breath, \"Blah, blah, and blah.\" I know I'm so mature. I walked off to find Felicia and Julie. Later in the week Elvis told Audrey, Collin, Felicia, Julie, and I to go into the town and try to find a vampire that was a hematologist. Maybe one of them could help us better with finding the cure. We agreed and got into Collin's car, Audrey taking the driver's side. We were making our way into a neighborhood when a car smashed right into us. We all got out, Audrey with her small crossbow and me with two pistols in hand, and Collin and the girls by the side of the car. The guy in the other car got out and ran towards us. \"You guys alright,\" he asked. As he said this Audrey noticed he was a vampire and shot an arrow in his forearm. Collin cried out to shoot him again, but Audrey lowered her crossbow. \"I can help you! Please, just get in my car,\" he looked over his shoulder and panicked, \"Come one! I will help you! Come one.\" He sprinted to his car and opened the doors open for us. Collin said that we shouldn't do it, but Audrey gave him a look and ran to the vampire's car, followed by the rest of us. I put my two guns in my hip holsters and looked at the vampire. (Audrey and the others were getting into the car). \"You look familiar to me,\" I told him. He looked at me confused and said, \"Get in the car. Hurry up.\" He then pulled the arrow out, growling in the process, grabbed his jacket, and put it on to cover his wound. The vampire police showed up once he shut his door and asked if he saw which way we ran. While he was talking to the cops, Audrey got in the front seat and put her hand on the ignition. She swore and put her crossbow to her chest. \"No, I saw them head in that direction.\" All of our heads looked to the camera-mirrors. \"What did he just say,\" asked Felicia. Julie sighed and leaned back into the seat. Felicia did the same and hugged Julie. Collin had a dumbfounded look on his face. I tapped Audrey on the shoulder and told her that he looked familiar to me. She picked up a tag, possibly his work tag, and smiled. \"This why he look familiar to you,\" she turned the tag so that I could see it and said, \"His name is Edward Dalton, Marley. He's a hematologist. It's also his birthday. And he has the last name of that one guy you met a long time ago. Dalton.\" I gawked at the name tag and shook my head. The police car left and the vampire, Edward, walked to the car. Audrey opened the door and we all got out, me holding his tag. Audrey stopped to thank Edward and wish him a happy birthday and took off behind Collin and the girls. Edward turned and came face to face with me. I took a step back and Edward said, \"You're a vampire too? Why are you with humans?\" I'm a… oh! Duh, I keep forgetting my eyes are like a vampires, only green. God, I'm so stupid sometimes. Ha-ha . \"You don't know the half of it,\" I stated and handed him his name tag, \"Tell your brother I said hi,\" I ran to catch up with the others. While I was running I yelled, \"Happy birthday, Edward!\" Author's Note: Hiya! *waves* Okay, so I'm quickly spilling these chapters out right now because it's Friday! *jumps in air* I have homework, but that can wait. XD Have a wonderful weekend! ~!*CuteSango07*!~[Chapter 5] Disclaimer: I own nothing except my character(s)... yada, yada, yada. :p Edward looked confused and wondered how that girl knew he had a brother. He got into his car and made his way to his house. Edward made it to his house with one hour left before the sunrise. He trotted to his living room and fell on his couch with a huff. He sat there for a while and realized he was hungry. He made his way to the kitchen and started to make dinner. Suddenly his alarm system said that someone was coming through the door. He noticed his brother and said, \"Frankie! You're back.\" Frankie just smiled and replied, \"Hey, brother.\" He set his military bag on the floor and handed Edward a bag. \"Here, this is your birthday present.\" Edward glanced at the bag and asked what it was. Frankie laughed and said, \"You know what it is. It's the purest of the purest. Let's have some.\" He walked to the cupboard on the left, opened it, grabbed two glasses, and put a little bit of ice in them. Edward set the paper bag on the counter, turned the other direction and started to finish his dinner. After chewing he said, \"I don't want any, thanks.\" Frankie glared at him and poured the blood into the glasses. He drank a little of his and told Edward to stop being a pussy and to drink it. Edward turned towards him and said no, that he didn't need to drink any. He had enough blood bags to last him for a while. \"Bullshit, Edward. You work with blood – you're around it all the time, but you won't taste any real blood! All you drink is that fake blood. Why won't you drink any of this? It's better,\" Frankie leaned against the counter and shoved the other glass in Edwards face. Edward clenched his jaw and turned his head to the right. \"I won't drink it Frankie. And I won't allow it in my house either,\" Edward snatched the bottle of blood and started to pour it in the sink. Frankie took the bottle from Edward's hands, anger in his eyes, \"I won't let you pour this out! You're going to waste it.\" \"I don't care,\" replied Edward. He grabbed the bottle back from Frankie and tried to pour the rest of it out. Frankie tried to stop him from pouring it and snatched it from Edward's grasp. He looked at his brother, growled and then threw the bottle at the wall. The bottle crashed and a million of glass shards scattered the kitchen floor. Blood was drizzling down the wall. Edward sighed and put his hand through his hair. Frankie clenched his jaw, grabbed his bag and headed for the door. \"Frankie, stop. Can't we talk about all of this?\" \"Edward, this is some bull. You are a vampire, you need blood, whether you want to drink it or not. You won't survive if you don't have any!\" Frankie was about to storm out of the house, but a subsider blocked his path. \"Shit!\" Frankie backed into Edward. \"What the hell?\" Edward went to the counter, Frankie behind him. The subsider growled at the two vampires and made its way to them. The creature sniffed the air and its eyes connected with the glass on the kiosk. It let out a cry of desperate pleasure, shivered, and then knocked the glass over to devour the blood inside. Edward reached over the counter to grab a knife, but the subsider saw this coming, hissed at him, and swiped its arm. Edward yelled and rammed into the cupboards behind him. Frankie saw an opportunity to grab a cutting knife and did just that. After grabbing the knife Frankie tried to stab the subsider, but the subsider screeched roughly and pushed Frankie into the farthest wall. He hit the wall with a thud, landed on Edward's glass table and fell onto the floor unconscious. Edward looked from the subsider to Frankie. He went around the counter, while the subsider was making hand gestures, and picked up a metal chair. Edward held that metal chair for dear life and screamed, \"Frankie! Frankie, get up!\" Frankie didn't stir. Edward inwardly sighed and tried again, \"Frankie, damn it, get the hell up!\" Edward made his way towards his brother with the chair still clutched to the front of his body and stood beside Frankie. Frankie finally woke up and grabbed the cutting knife. He jumped up, startling the creature, and jabbed in its direction. The subsider took a step back and snarled. Frankie and Edward glanced at one another and nodded. Edward went to the right side of the subsider, while Frankie pushed the glass table away, making his way to the left side of the poor creature. The subsider glared at each of the vampires and swung its arm in Edward's direction. Edward yelled and backed up. Frankie rolled his eyes and took the time to graze the subsider in the arm. This caused the subsider to yowl and jump onto the ceiling upside down, like a bat would when sleeping. It swung both of its arms towards Frankie and Edward. Frankie jabbed the knife in the creature's chest and it let out a feral cry. It swung at Frankie and missed. Frankie once again jabbed the knife in the creature, this time in the ribs. The knife punctured one of the subsider's main organs and Frankie tore the knife out, leaving a massive gouge in the rib cage. The creature threw its head back crying out in pain. Frankie held onto the knife firmly and cut the creature's head off. Blood spewed from the subsider's neck and its head bounced on the floor with a loud thump. Edward through his hands up and said, \"Ugh, enough of this shit!\" He went to the nightstand next to his couch, grabbed his cellphone and called the police. Frankie walked up behind his brother and said he was sorry. Edward waved his hand in the air and sighed heavily. Though it was light outside, the police still came to investigate what had happened. Edward and Frankie told the police everything. An officer went over to Edward and told him who the creature was. Apparently the subsider was Edward's neighbor Carl. He was the local gardener. Two hours later all of the blood and glass was cleaned up and the police had left. Frankie was heading upstairs to take a shower when Edward called him over. Edward said, \"Oh, before I forget, this girl told me to tell you 'hi'. She didn't give her name though.\" Frankie's eyebrows pulled together and he replied, \"I don't know any girls. Well I do, but I never talk to them.\" \"You don't even have a love life or anything? I mean, this girl was confident on what she was talking about. Are you sure that you never met anyone when you were stationed in other territories,\" Edward asked. \"Well, I did meet someone when I went to Florida a few years ago. But she couldn't still be alive. I mean, she was young – too young. She didn't look the type to fight either, but she didn't back down when I caught her,\" Frankie scratched his head and continued, \"What did the girl look like?\" Edward thought for a moment and retorted, \"She was about five feet four inches, uh… she had bright red hair, though I'm pretty sure it wasn't her natural hair color, and she looked like she was athletic. Oh, and she was carrying two 1911 pistols.\" Edward blinked and shook his head. Frankie thought for a moment and looked at the tiled floor. He sighed and replied, \"I don't know. The girl I met was pretty short, yeah, but she didn't have red hair. And you also said that it could have been dyed. And the girl I met was definitely not carrying any weapons on her. \" He shrugged, \"I don't know to be honest. I would have to see her to remember if it was the girl or not.\" Edward nodded, \"Hmmm… well you think on it for a while. I'm going to go take a nap on my lovely couch.\" He laughed and strolled to the big, sandy colored sofa. Frankie shook his head and headed up the stairs to take a shower.[Chapter 6] Disclaimer: Okie doke, I own nothing except my own characters. :) We made our way to our hideout a couple hours later and I found myself being glomped by two four-legged furry things. I fell on the floor and laughed at my two dogs. \"Okay guys get off.\" Max and Pete barked playfully and bounced off of me, wagging their tails. I heard footsteps and looked straight up. \"Marley, could you follow Edward's scent tomorrow night? I think he might be a vampire that could help us,\" asked Audrey and handed me a piece of paper. I nodded and replied, \"Uh, yeah. Okay. I will have to change in my other form though. So try not to shoot me tomorrow night, okay?\" Audrey laughed and said, \"Okay, Marley, I won't shoot you. Geeze, you have been with us for so long and you think I would shoot you? I see how much you trust me.\" I laughed. I knew she was playing with me, but you still have to be cautious, you know? \"Ha-ha, yeah, yeah. I know you won't shoot, but still,\" I shrugged, \"Just make sure that Pete and Max get their food, or they will throw a fit all day.\" Audrey shook her head and replied, \"Of course, of course,\" while walking in the direction of her 'room'. I nodded my thanks and fell asleep right where I was at. The next day came fast and so did the sunset. Audrey was by my side making sure I had the paper with me. I kept telling her I had the damn paper, but she wouldn't listen to me. Apparently she had to feel all of my pants' pockets and find the piece of shit letter to make sure that I had it. I shook my head and told her to not forget about feeding my dogs. She nodded while I turned away and felt a crack in my back. Audrey walked away – she didn't want to see me change – and called out, \"Be careful!\" My back expanded and my shoulders enlarged. My torso started to get longer, my nails turned midnight black and elongated, and my feet took the form of a paw and grew in length. My face contorted and before I knew it, my face was that of a wolf; werewolf. My body finished turning and I tried to catch the scent of the direction of Edward's car. I found it and headed to the right. I made sure that I stuck to the shadows because the vampire police were still driving around looking for the car that smashed into Edward's. I stopped at a corner thirty minutes later and sniffed the air. I peeked around the corner to make sure no one was there and ran across the street. I ran two more blocks and stopped by the back door of Edward's house. I took a breath and shifted back into my human form. I made sure none of my clothing had been torn once I finished shifting. (When I change, my clothes don't tear off of my body like the old movie werewolves. Mine stay intact, but I sometimes get clothes that have a few holes in them). I looked behind me and then turned back around to head inside the house. I stealthily made my way in Edward's house. I heard an alarm sound and came to an abrupt stop. I heard someone coming so I took one of my pistols out from my hip holster as quietly as I could, cocked the trigger back and held it at my side. I saw Edward make his way to the opened door, so I lowered my gun and waited for him to turn the lights on. He made his way to the light switch, turned the lights on, and jumped back. I laughed. \"Holy shit,\" Edward jumped back a few inches, sighing. \"Hello again; I was in the neighborhood and wanted to see what you were up to,\" I exclaimed with a grin. Edward looked behind him like he heard something then turned his attention back to me. He shook his head and replied, \"I can see that. What do you want?\" \"Gosh, not even a 'hi'? Down to the point, okay… Uh, well Audrey, the woman who said happy birthday to you, asked me to give this note to you. She thinks that you will help us find a cure for the vampire race. We don't want to get rid of them altogether, well I don't, 'cause I think it's the person's choice if they want to stay a vampire or human… But, Audrey and the rest of the people I'm with want to. And Audrey thinks that you will help us, since you helped us earlier,\" I said in all one breath. I breathed in deep and closed my eyes. I opened them a second later and looked to Edward. He was reading the note that Audrey told me to hand him. A second later he glanced up and asked, \"Why? Why do you think that I will help you?\" He glanced behind his back again to make sure no one ( maybe Frankie ) was eavesdropping. I shifted from my right leg to my left and answered, \"Why wouldn't you? I mean, if you didn't want to help us last night, you could have left us to fend for ourselves, but you didn't. You stayed. You helped us. It's that simple really.\" I realized I still had my gun out so I put the trigger back to where it was before I cocked it and put it back in its holster. After I finished that I looked back to Edward. He was contemplating on what to say next. He hesitated but replied, \"Okay. I will help you. But I have a question for you too.\" I gave him the go-ahead and he asked, \"How do you know my brother, Frankie?\" I sighed and replied, \"I met him when I was younger-\" \"You aren't a vampire either.\" It was a statement more than a question. I continued, \"He was going to capture me, but I stalled him for a bit,\" I smiled, \"He let me go as you can tell.\" I threw my hands in the air and did a quick spin laughing, \"And no, I'm not a vampire. I'm something totally different than one.\" Edward opened his mouth to ask another question but I held a hand up, \"Someone is coming. I will see you when we next meet. Be by yourself, I don't want any bloodshed.\" I placed my right hand out for a handshake. Edward glanced down at my small hand and grasped it with his right and we shook hands. I smiled, said goodbye, and went out the door. I leaned against the door and sighed heavily. Frankie… I pushed myself off of the door, shifted back into my werewolf form, and headed in the direction of Audrey and the others. Edward shut the door and made his way to his room. He reached the stairs and saw Frankie sitting on one of the steps. \"Who was that,\" asked Frankie. \"It was no one. I am going to go take a shower and then go to bed. Good night,\" Edward stopped by the bathroom door and glanced at his brother. So it was that girl he met a long time ago. I wonder if he likes her… He rolled his shoulders and went in the bathroom. Frankie sat on that one step for a while thinking about the girl he met seven years ago. Yes, he remembered her. Evelyn was her name. He put both of his hands on his head and groaned. Why did he have to like this girl? She was always on his mind; it was like she haunted him wherever he went. It was driving him crazy! The first time we met, I knew that I couldn't kill her. I tried to get her off of my mind, but nothing worked. Ugh! We met seven years ago. SEVEN! And I still have her damn face in my head! Shit, this fucking sucks. I have been so busy with my unit; I haven't had time to think about her. But here Edward goes asking me about some girl saying to tell me hi and now I have her face lodged in my brain! Damn-it! Frankie sighed and leaned back on the step behind him. He closed his eyes and groaned, \"Fucking shit. Now I have to deal with her… again. And I doubt I will be able to kill her. Nice Edward! God, fucking damn-it!\" Frankie sighed once again and sat up. He pushed himself from the stair he was sitting on, made his way into his bedroom, and fell on his bed with a thud. Frankie closed his eyes once more thinking about Evelyn before falling into a deep sleep. I left Edward's house while in my werewolf form, but once I got out of the city, I changed back to my human form. I took my time getting back to Audrey and the others. I wanted to take in my surroundings – the swaying of the majestic trees in the wind, the incandescent moon making its way to the other end of the world, the brilliant sun trying to push its way through the clouds, everything about this place was wonderful! If only the vampires weren't so blood thirsty. I sighed and spoke aloud, \"Humans can't even walk outside without fearing vampires will try to kill them. This world used to be one big happy place to live in, but now vampires are just too greedy for their 'blood',\" I spotted a few cows in a field grazing. I scoffed, \"There are so many animals in this world that they can eat off of. Why don't they just do that instead of killing off the whole human race?\" I rolled my eyes and grabbed a piece of stray hair that fell from behind my ear; placing it back in its rightful home. I came upon our hiding place in less than an hour. I went in search of Audrey wanting to tell her that Edward would meet us at noon tomorrow. I found her trying to give Pete and Max their food. I laughed aloud and startled her, making her drop the dog food. Max and Pete bounced around each other and wolfed down the food. \"Nice Audrey. Now they are going to get fat as hell,\" I laughed. I started to pick up the stray food and put it back in the bag. \"Well, if you hadn't scared me to death, I wouldn't have dropped the bag on the floor, missy,\" she huffed and leaned down to help me. She whispered, \"Did he agree to help us?\" \"Yes. I told him to meet us at noon. I suspect he will be there at that time. He doesn't look the type to go back on his word.\" I grabbed the rest of the food and put it in the sack. \"Okay, that's good. Now, go get some rest. I will wake you before we head out.\" \"Okie dokie, artichokie!\" I grinned. She hated when I did that. I saw her roll her eyes and walk off. Ha-ha! I chuckled and went to my designated sleeping area. Max and Pete arrived a few minutes later and flopped down on my stomach. \"Boys! You guys are going to make it hard to breathe when sleeping.\" I rolled over on my side, causing Max and Pete to fall off me, and laughed silently, \"Now try to lay on me! BWAH!\" Both dogs growled playfully and fell on my legs. Damn-it, they got me. I glanced over my shoulder and saw a twinkle in their eyes. It's like their laughing at me. Stupid dogs. I sighed and put my head on my 'pillow'. I was out in less than five minutes. A few hours later I felt a tug on my arm. I yanked my arm back and swatted at the thing trying to wake me from my slumber. \"For Christ's sake, Marley, wake the hell up!\" I turned the opposite direction of their voice and grumbled. I heard a sigh and then felt a sharp pain on my head. I yelped and sat up rubbing my head. \"What the hell was that for, Audrey!\" I groaned. \"Do you know how hard it is to wake your ass up? Huh, do you? Goodness, it took me at least 10 minutes to wake your butt up. But, now that you're awake, get up and get ready. Elvis and I are going to leave, with or without you, in 15 minutes.\" Audrey left it at that and went to talk to Elvis. I grumbled a little more. My poor head! Max and Pete were still sleeping when I got dressed. There is only one bathroom in this dump. Ugh, I hate it. But, it's fine I guess. As long as I get to brush my teeth and take a shower, I'm good to go. I left a bowl of food for the dogs and headed to Elvis's car. I spotted Audrey talking to Elvis and cleared my throat, causing them to glance my way. Elvis nodded his head and asked if I was ready. I replied with a small nod of my head and jumped in the back seat, while Audrey sat up front. It took us about an hour and thirty minutes to get where we were going. I shook my head, wondering why we had to drive all the way to nowhere. I mentally shrugged my shoulders and lay back in my seat wondering when Edward would show up. Audrey glanced over her shoulder and clicked her tongue to get my attention. I raised my left eyebrow and asked, \"Yes Audrey?\" She sighed and replied, \"You did tell him when to get here, right? I mean, I specifically told you what time to tell him to meet us here. You did, didn't you?\" She cocked her head sideways and I stifled a laugh. \"Yes, Audrey, I told him what time to meet us here. Dur! You think I'm stupid or somethin'?\" I burst out laughing and saw Audrey crack a smile. She shook her head and sighed. I rolled down my window and sniffed the air. Elvis looked my way and asked, \"What is it kid? Is it him?\" I nodded my head in reply. There's something else in the air as well but I can't place it. Stop making yourself freak out Evelyn. I saw Audrey get out of the car, her hands folding around her crossbow. \"Be careful Audrey, I think something else is out there as well.\" She gave me a thumbs up and headed to where Edward's car would be coming. Elvis got out of the car as well and told me to keep put and wait until he was face to face with the guy. I sighed and said okay. A few minutes later Edward was out of his car walking to where Elvis was sitting. Finally! This has been the slowest five minutes of my life! I got out the car and grabbed my two 1911 pistols. I didn't want to use them, but if I needed to I would. Edward saw me and started to ask me a question, but Elvis stopped him by telling him about how he was a vampire a few years ago and how he turned back into a human. I heard a few words about Elvis's heart not beating one day and the next it was. I overheard Elvis ask Edward, \"Feel that? Hadn't been beating for nine years. Seems impossible don't it?\" Edward had said it was impossible, but Elvis replied back by saying that walking around without a pulse was impossible as well. Suddenly I heard Audrey gasp and instantly cocked my pistols. I pointed them at Edward and asked, \"What the hell? You alone or not?\" He was as shocked as I was. He had no clue what was going on either. Elvis grabbed his crossbow and pointed it in the direction of Audrey's cry. Edward shook his head when he heard his brother say to drop the weapons. \"Frankie?\" \"Drop the weapons! Edward? Get away from them. Don't you realize that you can get killed if they found out that you were with humans?\" \"Frankie, what the hell are you doing? Let her go.\" Edward held his hands out towards Frankie pleading for him to stop. The next thing I know Audrey is kicking Frankie away from her and Elvis punching him, knocking his helmet off of his face, causing Frankie to lose his balance and stumble into the sunlight. Oh gee, this is great! I uncocked my pistols and put them in my side holsters. I placed my hand over my face after seeing Frankie stumble into the light. A second later Frankie regains his balance and comes after Audrey again. I clenched my jaw and stepped in front of her with my head bowed. Frankie let out an angry cry and sprang in my direction. I quickly took out my right pistol and pointed it at his chest. He stopped in his tracks and let out a shaky breath. Elvis, Audrey and Edward were getting inside Edward's car, since Elvis's car had bullet holes in it. I heard Elvis groan and say, \"My car! Motherfuckers shot my car!\" I mentally laughed and raised my head to look at Frankie. His eyes widened. My eyes glassed over and a sad smile crossed my lips. I let out a small 'hi' and lowered my pistol. His smell. That's what I smelled earlier. \"Marley! Get into Edward's car, now!\" Audrey yelled. Elvis screamed, \"Get in the damn car kid! They will be here any second!\" \"We need to stop meeting like this, don't ya think?\" I let out a small laugh and shook my head. \"I have to go now, Frankie… If you want to follow then do just that. But just know that if I see you lay a finger on any of my friends –\" I exhaled a shaky breath, \"I…\" I couldn't finish my sentence. I would what? Kill him? Yeah, I doubt that I could do that. Love sucks! My eyes widened a little at that thought. Frankie replied, \"Marleene…? How did you get here? Why are you here?\" He took a step towards me and suddenly stopped. \"Get out of here Evelyn. If they catch you they will kill you. And I couldn't…\" He stopped speaking and glanced over his shoulder. \"Hurry, Evelyn. Try to act like I'm trying to kill you or something, and then get the hell out of here!\" I cracked a smile at his lame attempt to try to act high and mighty and nodded. \"See you later then I guess.\" I turned towards the others and ran for Edward's car. Audrey left the back door open for me and I jumped inside. \"About damn time kid!\" Elvis let out an aggravated sigh and put the pedal to the metal. Edward glanced my way and looked at me questioningly. I shrugged and glanced out the back window. \"Elvis, you might want to hurry it up 'cause those vamps are gaining on our asses.\" \"Well Marley, we wouldn't be in this situation if you hadn't stopped to say hi to your crush,\" retorted Audrey. I slanted my eyes and stuck my tongue out at her. I finally got to see him. It felt like the whole world was on pause for those few seconds. I lowered my voice and leaned closer to Audrey, making sure to sink low in the seat. \"Audrey he didn't even lift a finger. I – I was scared that he might have changed a little since the last time we met… but he didn't. He had that hungry look in his eyes making him want to hurt me – hurt us – but he was thinking with his head instead.\" I saw Edward position himself away from the sunlight that broke through a hole in the back window. \"Marley, I don't think he would hurt you at all. And I'm pretty sure you guys will meet again; soon.\" Audrey looked out the small hole to see if the vampire soldiers were still behind us. She turned back around and said, \"Okay guys I think they stopped following us.\" Elvis grunted and slowed down a tad, \"Good. Okay we are almost to that one cave I told you guys about – Audrey, Marleene.\" Edward gave us all curious glances and asked, \"What cave?\" Author's Note: Okay, so I made this one a little longer. :) Hope you guys like this! ~!*CuteSango07*!~[Chapter 7] Disclaimer: I own nothing except for my own characters. ^_^ Once we made it to the cave I got out of the car and pointed to the direction of the big, black hole in the earth. \"This cave is where Elvis became a human, Edward.\" Since there was no sunlight Edward got out of the car and looked at the mouth of the cave. He turned towards Elvis and asked, \"This is where you became human?\" Elvis grunted and replied, \"Daytime driving, man. Nothing beats it. No traffic, no cops. Trouble is, if you ain't careful, you can get yourself one hell of a sunburn.\" Edward shook his head, \"The sun? You're human because of the sun?\" I made my way to Elvis's side and looked at Edward. \"Edward, you can only go so long without blood before it messes with your head. That's what happened to Elvis. Going without any blood was making him crazy and since he was driving with a messed up head-\" \"Watch it, kid.\" I smiled and continued, \"He ran into a pole causing him to crash through his window out into the open sun and he fell in the water below him.\" \"A few hours later, after swimming to the cave, he walked out into the sun while taking in deep breaths of fresh air,\" Audrey retorted. \"It hurt like hell,\" replied Elvis. He laughed. Audrey and I looked at each other and then broke out laughing. Edward stood still for a second and then joined in. I stopped laughing, \"Elvis, when are we heading back to the others? I'm starving and I'm guessing my dogs are too.\" \"Heading that way right now, kid.\" Elvis walked back to the car and gestured for everyone else to get in. We were a few minutes away from our destination, but Edward had to have a hungry look on his face while Audrey was talking to him. Go figure! Elvis stopped the car and Audrey turned around in her seat saying that she couldn't worry about him where we were going and that he was going to drink some of her blood. He had said that he was fine; that he didn't need it, but Elvis told him that she wasn't asking. Audrey pulled a pocketknife out of her jacket pocket and grazed her hand over it. Elvis handed her a cup that he found by the door and she then let her blood drip into the cup. When the cup was filled half way Audrey handed Edward the cup and told him to drink it or she would let me pour it down his throat for him. I stifled a laugh and watched as he drank the blood. Audrey turned back around in her seat and Elvis throttled the engine and headed towards the hideout. Out from the corner of my eye I saw Edward roll his eyes in the back of his head. So it has been a while since he drank pure blood. Even his ears were turning into subsider's. I sighed and leaned back into my seat. I hope Max and Pete are okay. I'm never a whole day away from them… and I hope Frankie is okay too. He didn't even try to lay a hand on me. I guess he did change. We finally made it to our destination and I hopped out of the car and headed straight inside. Edward wanted to speak with me before I went inside, but Audrey caught him and said to leave me alone for a few minutes. Plus, she wanted him to meet someone. I walked to my 'room' and found my dogs laying on one another. I giggled and watched as their ears perked up. Their tails wagged and before I knew it they were both on top of me licking my cheeks. Felicia and Julie saw what was going on and walked towards me. \"They have been moping all day, ya know?\" Felicia said. She laughed and patted the dogs on the head making them get off of me. Julie giggled, \"Yeah, they're like little kids when their favorite blanket gets torn to shreds.\" I laughed and sat up, \"How are you girls doing anyways? I haven't talked to you in a while.\" I wiped the slobber from my face and fake-gagged. \"We know,\" replied Julie. She put her hands in her pockets, \"So… did you guys find that vampire?\" Felicia let out an exasperated sigh, \"Yes, Marley, we are doing wonderful. And Julie, calm down. She will tell us when she is ready.\" I laughed at Julie's hyperness and stood up replying, \"Its fine Felicia. And yes, we did find the vampire. He's a nice guy actually.\" Both of the girls looked at each other. \"What?\" \"Is… he hot?\" They asked as one. I put my hand to my face and chuckled. \"He's handsome, yes. I thought you girls saw what he looked like on that one night?\" They glanced at me and I saw a hint of eagerness in them, apparently not paying attention to my question. I rolled my eyes, \"But-\" \"But what?\" Julie cried. \"He is way too old for you guys. He's about Audrey's age.\" The girls groaned and replied, \"Well shit!\" I smiled and told them that I needed to speak to Edward. \"Is that his name,\" asked Felicia. \"Yeah. I think he wanted to talk to me before I came inside, but I dodged him. I was worried about my doggies!\" I scratched behind Max's ear; Pete on the other hand was lying behind me so it was difficult to pet him. \"Okay, well I guess we will talk to you later.\" Felicia replied. Julie was stomping away, angry that Edward was too old for her. I saw Felicia shake her head and chuckled at the sight. So immature for girls so grown up. But I'm one to talk… I'm immature sometimes… I saw Edward in the corner talking to Senator Turner and Audrey. Pete and Max decided to come along as well, being that I could feel their tails hitting my legs. \"Boys, calm down,\" I said playfully. I kept walking and made my way between Turner and Audrey. Edward looked my way and I smiled. I turned to Turner and gave him a hug. He laughed and pulled back telling me what they have been conversing about. Elvis walked up a few minutes later and that's when we heard a girl's voice on a walkie-talkie. My eyes widened at the tone of her voice. It was panicky, like someone was there… or…vampires! \"Elvis, is the night group okay? Did they get caught by vampires?\" Elvis was asking the girl who she was and where she was at. She said she didn't know; she just needed help. Everyone else was dead or either got hit with a tranquilizer dart. He held up a hand to my questions. I glanced up and saw Audrey. She glanced my way and had a ghastly look in her eye. Edward ran over and took the walkie-talkie from Elvis. \"Where are you at? What can you see in the distance? Is it grass, road?\" \"Road... grass… a fence, I think… I-\" The girl, who I found out was Alison Bromley later on, gasped and abruptly stopped speaking. There was breathing on the walkie-talkie, but not from Alison. It was from someone else. \"Who the hell is this?\" Edward screamed. He growled and turned the walkie-talkie off. He glanced to Elvis and I saw determination in his eyes. \"Elvis, I will try to become human again.\" I was taken aback as were Elvis and Audrey. They both nodded and Audrey ran to Senator Turner to help with organizing an escape route. \"Okay, we will go to the shack a few miles north of here. Meet us once you guys get done okay Audrey?\" Turner asked. \"Right.\" Audrey glanced over her shoulder and yelled, \"Marley!\" I took in a deep breath and hurried over to her. \"Yes?\" \"You want to stay here or go with them?\" I hesitated, \"I will stay here. Max and Pete won't leave my side either, so they are stuck with us too.\" Audrey glimpsed at Turner and nodded. \"We are all set here then. You take everyone and get the hell out of here. And Turner, please be careful.\" Turner gave Audrey and me a hug and told us to be careful as well. He then yelled to everyone to take what they could and follow him. Felicia and Julie found me in the commotion and gave me a firm hug. \"You girls be safe and take care of each other. We won't be long, I promise.\" They had tears in their eyes, but kept them at bay. \"We will. And you be careful too Marley. Don't go ape shit on their asses unless you severely have to!\" Julie replied. I laughed and hugged them one last time. They ran off helping Collin put supplies in a car. I stood there for a few minutes until I felt a presence next to me. Without looking I asked, \"Edward, why is that when I get settled down, everyone around me has to either leave or die on me?\" I heard him take in a quick breath but no answer came from his lips. I sighed, \"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to get serious on you. It's just…\" I turned his direction and looked up at him, \"I hate the world we live in. I love it, but hate it at the same time. It used to be such a wonderful place to live in, with humans and vampires getting along just fine. But now… now it's just horrible.\" Edward ran a hand through his hair and sighed, \"Marleene… are you human?\" I cocked my head to the side with my eyebrows raised and chuckled. \"You know Edward you can make the most depressing moments feel awkward. But, I am both human and beast. Before you ask any more questions let me inform you on who I really am.\" I took a deep breath and continued, \"My lineage is full of people who were born with supernatural-like capabilities. Vampires were not known to man when my ancestors were born. My ancestors were considered the 'beasts' of the world. Though back then it was harder to tell people who you really were because if they found out, they would kill you on the spot. I do not consider myself or my family to be beasts like my ancestors were. They were ruthless people. They would take innocent lives just because they could. They thought themselves as invincible human beings with special skills. They, like vampires, had an extreme amount of strength and could be as fast as lightning. They could also see in the dark, elongate their nails, and could turn into any creature that they wanted to. I guess you could say that we are considered to be shape shifters with a hint of vampire on the side. I grew up in Tampa, Florida with two twin brothers, a little sister, my mother and father and my two dogs Max and Pete. My parents taught us to be less like our ancestors and to be more caring to others. They taught us how to fight; how to survive. One day vampires came and slaughtered my whole family. I had to bury them in the yard…\" I sighed and continued, \"Before my parents were born vampires were known to the world. They were civilized beings and got along great with the humans. But with my ancestors and their want for control over things, they became enemies. They would constantly fight with one another and end up making different creatures when they bit each other. When we get bitten we go crazy. We would end up killing people without knowing what we were doing. Though my ancestors killed because they could, they had a mind of their own. But, when we go insane it's different. We have no mind, no free will. Because of this my ancestors had to kill their own kind. And they had to be careful when fighting vampires.\" Edward interrupted and asked, \"What about the vampires?\" \"The vampires that were bitten by us would become what you know to be subsiders.\" \"But, I thought subsiders were made by not eating enough blood or eating on other vampires.\" \"They do, Edward. Our blood mixed together causes the vampires to go insane as well, just as my kind do when we are bitten by vampires.\" Edward nodded in understanding. He sighed and looked ahead of him. \"The sun is coming up, we better hurry and try to turn me into a human… oh, speaking of which, what happens if you bite a human but don't kill them?\" \"Well what happens when you bite a human and don't kill them?\" I asked. He scratched his head and replied, \"They become one of us.\" I bobbed my head, \"Exactly. They become one of us when we bite them.\" I saw Audrey make her way in our direction, \"Audrey is coming. I think it's time.\" \"Right.\" Audrey made her way over to us saying, \"Okay, Edward. We have everything in order for you. Elvis is inside that old wine storage unit. He has a bucket of water and a blanket for you as well. He will tell you the details when you meet him. I will be by the controls. Marley you make sure that there are no soldiers outside. If you see them coming, get inside and tell us.\" She turned around and walked to the control station. Edward and I glanced at one another and said our 'see ya later'. I told Max and Pete to stay where they were at and that I would be right back. They circled each other twice and then sprawled out on the floor. I lifted a brow, shook my head and headed outside. The door made a loud bang behind me on my way out. Once outside I made my way around the whole building, making sure that no soldiers were surrounding the area. I then went back to the front and stood guard in front of the entryway. I hope Edward is okay. I don't want him to disintegrate. That would be horrible. I – A noise broke me out of my thoughts. I scanned the area to my left and glared. Now I know I heard something. There it was again – a snap to my left, a rustling sound to my right. I huffed and got into a defensive position. And here I thought I wouldn't have to fight. But Audrey did say to come inside if vampires were near… maybe I should listen to her more often. Well I didn't see any vehicles; maybe it's just one vampire. She can wait. I silently chuckled at my thought and ran to the right side of the building. I came upon the vampire in a flash. I punched the side of their helmet and watched it fall off their head. I heard a sizzling sound and a yowl. I saw the vampire's face and noticed it was Frankie. Oh my God! Frankie you idiot! I instantly pushed him to the nearest tree and screamed, \"What the hell Frankie! You want to get yourself killed?\" I through my hands in the air. He gasped, fell to the ground, and clutched his face with both hands. \"The fuck! Shit, this is the second time this fucking happened to me. This is the last time I do something for my squad! Damn-it!\" He groaned and hit his head against the tree. I rolled my eyes and fetched his helmet. I held it out in his direction and said, \"Here you baby.\" I smiled when he looked up to my face. \"Evelyn?\" he asked quizzically. \"Yes Frankie?\" \"Just how in the hell do you have massive strength?\" he all but yelled. I stifled a giggle and replied, \"I can't tell you that right now. Maybe later on, okay? And why are you by yourself anyway? Aren't you supposed to be with your unit?\" I put my left hand on my hip and shifted most of my weight to my left leg. I cocked my head to the right awaiting his answer. Frankie stood up and pulled me into a hug, catching me off guard. \"I told my squad that I would trek ahead and see if any humans were this way. I thought I caught your scent… that's the main reason why I came.\" \"But won't your men know to come this way anyways? That means we're still in trouble Frankie. Big trouble,\" I retorted. He looked somewhat troubled but replied, \"Okay, look. Whatever you guys are doing in there, you better get it done quick and leave. If you aren't fast enough my men will come in there and try to kill you and I won't be able to help you out if that happens. Just hurry it up, my men are actually supposed to be here in a few minutes.\" My eyes widened and I nodded. I broke away from Frankie's hug. I turned to head back inside to inform the others that there were vehicles up the road somewhere but stopped mid-turn. I turned back towards Frankie and hugged him one more time. His arms were around me in seconds. I gazed into his eyes for a few milliseconds and kissed him. He stumbled back a few inches in shock but returned the kiss. I pushed away from him and said, \"Sorry… It's just that I wanted to do that since we first met.\" I examined the grooves in the tree trunk and blushed. Oh my fucking goodness… I just kissed Frankie. I JUST KISSED FRANKIE! I… I think I'm going to have a heart attack. I glanced in his direction and saw that Frankie's face was beet red. He's a vampire, and yet he can blush madly. I mentally chuckled, did a 180 degree turn, and walked back inside the building. Once inside I told Audrey that the vampires were on their way. She replied with an 'okay' and asked Elvis if Edward was okay for one more attempt. Elvis had replied that he was ready and she hit the switch. I heard a yell and flinched. A few minutes passed and that's when Audrey and I heard a beeping sound. We both smiled at one another and hooted. I raised my hands in the air, spun in a circle, and brought my hands to my waist like Peter Pan. Audrey laughed at my failed attempt of Peter Pan and shook her head. I heard her whisper 'weirdo' under her breath. I giggled and watched Elvis and Edward make their way from the wine unit. I slapped Edward on the back and chuckled. I then turned to Elvis and said, \"Elvis, there are vampire soldiers making their way over here as we speak. We either need to leave now or hide.\" Elvis nodded, headed to the front door and cracked it open a tad. \"Shit. Nope, looks like we're hiding. Get your dogs and go into a wine storage and make sure that your dogs don't make any noise, kid. I ain't gonna go rescue your ass if you get taken.\" I glared at him, but knew he was only joking. I did a salute and told Max and Pete to follow me. The others went inside the wine unit that Elvis and Edward came out of minutes before. I went to the one beside theirs and lifted both of my dogs inside the storage. I then jumped inside as well and told Max and Pete to hush. The door burst open and in came the soldiers. Great![Chapter 8] Disclaimer: Blah, blah, blah. The usual... I own nothing except for Marleene and her two doggies. :) I watched Evelyn walk back into the building. I clenched my jaw, picked up my helmet, and made my way to my men's Hummers, for they were only a mile away. I broke out in my inhuman speed and found myself in front of their trucks in seconds. They stopped their trucks when they saw me and Lieutenant Knowington got out of the leading Hummer. I sighed and walked up to meet him. \"General Dalton, are the humans there?\" I nodded, \"Yes. I saw them before I left, but I don't know if they are still there or not. Go on ahead and see if they're there.\" \"Yes sir.\" Lieutenant Knowington got back into the Hummer and told his men to head to the building. I mentally groaned and hauled my ass inside one of the other Hummers. My men looked at me questioningly, but I shook my head saying, \"It's nothing. Move!\" They dipped their heads and I felt the truck move on the gravel. Please be gone, please be gone. I don't want anything to happen to my brother or Evelyn. And the others, well I hope nothing happens to them either because they are Evelyn's friends… I mentally sighed. And she kissed me… and I didn't even try to bite her… That girl is going to ruin me. My fucking ass has to be in love with that damn girl! Fucking fuck! My eyes widened at the thought. Before I knew it we were in front of the building and all of my men were cautiously making their way to the front door. I heard a few grunts and saw the front door cave in. Great! I stood back a few inches from my unit and watched them search the building. I turned my attention to the storage vicinities and wondered why my men weren't searching over in that direction. I rolled my eyes and went to investigate. I went to the one on my left, hoisted myself up and looked down the opening. I saw a pair of green orbs looking my way and swallowed. So they didn't leave. I guess they didn't have time to. I saw two more pairs of eyes on me and saw two furry things right in my face. I flinched a little and saw Evelyn grab her dogs. I saw her hands make a fist and I instinctively held out my hand to her. Her hands unclenched and I heard her take in a shaky breath. \"Shhh… It's me. Don't worry.\" Evelyn smiled and nodded in understanding. I jumped down and saw my men coming this way. I waved them off, \"It's okay, I'm clear over here. I guess they fled.\" They put their guns around their shoulders and headed back outside. I sighed and followed my unit. I heard Elvis, Edward and Audrey take in huge, rickety breaths. I rubbed Max and Pete and hoisted them out of the wine storage. I shook my legs once I got out of the winery, \"Man, was that intense!\" They all looked my way and I raised my hands in defense, \"Hey, I had one of them right in my face okay.\" Their eyes widened in surprise. \"But, it was Frankie. So it's okay. He said to not worry. He wouldn't tell his men that we were here.\" Edward let out a groan and Audrey touched his back. He glanced at her and she smiled. I knew then that they fell in love when they first made eye contact. I cleared my throat and looked to Elvis. Elvis looked in my direction and said, \"It's time that we go. Come on.\" He headed towards the back door saying, \"Kid, we're going to take your truck. Now give me those keys.\" He held his hand out in front of his body. I fished in my pockets and pulled out a pair of keys. \"I'm sorry Elvis, but it's my truck. I get to drive this time.\" He sighed, grabbed a bag, and headed outside. I, on the other hand, smirked. Edward and Audrey chuckled and told me that they would meet me outside as well. I nodded, \"Max, Pete come one boys. We're going for a ride.\" They both barked and bounced flamboyantly to the back door. I shook my head and snickered. I don't need to see your asses wag… geeze. I went to my 'bedroom' and grabbed my duffel bag; I then made my way to my truck. Max and Pete were waiting patiently for me to tell them where to sit, since the others were already sitting in their designated areas. \"You boys can sit in the back with the bike, okay? There's not enough room inside. You boys get in-\" I opened the tailgate and watched them hop up. \"And you better lay still. No sitting up – don't want any vampires biting you.\" Max and Pete's ears fell back a little at the word vampire and biting. I shut the tailgate saying, \"Remember, no sitting up!\" With that I went to the driver's side and opened the door. \"About time, kid. We were waiting forever.\" I grunted in reply. I put the key in the ignition and turned, put my seat belt on; then I put the truck in drive. \"Okay, are we still going to Turner's spot Audrey?\" \"Yep, we sure are. Now, get a move one. We don't want to make them worry,\" she replied. A soft 'okay' slid from my mouth. The whole time we were driving I kept sneaking glances to the rear-view mirror. Edward had Audrey wrapped between his arms. I smiled. A few minutes later we arrived at Senator Turner's hideout. We all jumped out, except the dogs, for they were told to stay in the back. Elvis was leading the way and reached the door first. He gasped, grabbed his crossbow from his bag, and held it out in front of him. Audrey scrunched up her eyebrows and walked towards him whispering, \"Elvis, what is it? Is something wrong?\" Elvis pushed the door open and peaked inside. He dropped his crossbow and groaned. Edward and I glanced at each other and stepped closer to the door. What I saw led tears to my eyes. Everyone… every one of them was dead. Th-this can't be happening. Not again. I shook my head, \"Not again.\" I heard Audrey take in a wallowed breath and cry. She looked behind her and walked towards me. She grabbed me into a tight hug and sobbed. I took in a shuddered breath and clasped my arms around her, my tears soaking her shirt. She whispered, \"This can't be happening. Marleene… I thought this would never happen again. Not for you.\" I sighed and replied, \"Audrey, this is not your fault. Everyone dies sometime… I… I just want to leave. I don't want to think about… about anything.\" I let my arms fall from her, and backed away turning towards Elvis. I threw my keys in his direction and sniffed, \"You can drive for now. I don't feel like driving anymore.\" He nodded in understanding. \"Let's go.\" Before we got into the truck Edward said, \"I think I know someone who can help us.\" We stopped in our tracks and faced him. Elvis replied, \"Are you sure we can trust him, Edward? Truly trust him, now that you're a human?\" Edward shrugged, \"I'm pretty sure it will be okay. I know where he lives. Let me drive Elvis, I can get there faster.\" Elvis groaned, but handed the keys over. Audrey and I glanced at one another and smiled sadly. Though all of our friends are gone, we still have each other. I… I will be okay. I still have them.[Chapter 9] Disclaimer: Okie dokie - I don't own anything except my characters. I walked into Charles Bromley's office wondering why in the hell I had to see him. Last time he wanted to tell me that I did a great job on finding his daughter and that he was sorry that I had to try to capture my brother. I told him that it was okay. Then out of the blue he had asked me if I liked being a vampire. I told him that yes, I did like being a vampire because I was good at it; that I was never good at being a human. He just nodded and said that was it. But that was a few days ago. Now I don't know what he wants. I saw him sitting behind his desk. I stood at attention, waiting for him to give me orders. He gestured with his hand, \"You may sit down Frankie.\" I clenched my jaw and nodded. \"Do you know why you are here?\" He leaned back in his chair. I shook my head, \"No sir. Why did you send me here?\" \"A few days ago you captured my daughter. I tried to tell her that it would be better to change into a vampire, but she will not hear it.\" I gulped. I didn't want to change his daughter… I mean, yeah I was hungry, but that's his daughter. \"I was wondering if you could do me the favor of changing Alison for me. I would greatly appreciate it, Frankie.\" He looked me in the eyes. I replied, \"Yes sir. I will do as you say.\" I stood up, ready to get this over with. I couldn't turn down the favor because he would figure out something was wrong and probably kill me. I didn't want that to happen. He smiled, \"Thank you, Frankie.\" I nodded, turned around, and walked out of his office. Dick. Two privates led me to her compartment. The one on the right of me unlocked the door and said that I should be careful; I had a 'wild one' in there. I rolled my eyes and walked inside the cell. I saw the girl in the far right corner holding her legs to her body. I made my way to her and stopped a few inches from her figure. I heard her gasp and then she was up in a flash. My eyes widened a little and I stepped back a few feet. She lunged at me with a look of hysteria written on her face. I tried to block her off, but I wasn't expecting her to do such a thing. She punched me in the face and then pushed me against the wall. Alison snarled, \"I do not want to be like you . Vampires are insidious creatures – they kill innocent human beings instead of feeding off of animals or using human blood bags provided by hospitals. Your kind tarnishes this world. We humans are an endangered species because of you .\" She then spit in my face, enraging me. Something inside of my head clicked and I threw her off of me. I picked up her petite figure from the floor and bit into her neck, sucking the life from her. Alison's breath wavered for a second before she started to squirm from my grasp. The door opened to reveal the two privates who escorted me here earlier. I saw one of them grab onto Alison from behind and drag her across the floor to another cell. She fought – kicking, screaming, punching – but none of that worked. She wasn't getting away from this. Before she was out of my sight, I heard her scream, \"How could anyone love such a blood thirsty beast? You are all scum to the Earth! I will never be like you! Damn-it, let go of me!\" Blood thirsty beast…? Love… Evelyn, how can she love me for what I am? I-I'm a monster in her eyes. I shook my head. We kill innocent humans because we have to. No, wait, we don't have to – it's because everyone wants to, and you have to go along with the flow. If we don't drink from the source, we can die… can't we? I'm so confused. I ran a hand through my hair and walked out of the compartment. I made my way outside and headed towards my truck. I clenched and unclenched my jaw numerous times before getting inside of the vehicle. I groaned and started the truck, going to my unit's bunker a mile out. The next day I was awoken from Lieutenant Knowington nudging me. \"Sir, we are needed at Charles Bromley's building. He said something about his daughter feeding off of herself and that she would become a subsider now. He also said that we need to capture all subsiders in this vicinity and destroy them.\" I groggily replied, \"Affirmative. Once I am ready, I will meet you downstairs.\" With that, Lieutenant Knowington hurried downstairs. I sat up and got off of the cot. I went down the hallway and turned left, steadily making my way to the showers. After 10 minutes I got out of the shower and put my uniform on. Two privates were waiting for me downstairs, awaiting my commands. \"I'm ready. You have all the supplies ready for the extermination?\" \"Yes sir!\" They replied in unison. \"Okay then, get the trucks ready.\" I moved my head in the direction of the trucks. Both privates saluted and jogged to the Humvees. I sighed and walked behind them. With all of the Humvees ready and secure, we made our way to the edge of the subway station. We all got out and our guns were ready for action. One private to my right threw a smoke grenade to get the subsider's attention. That's when they came. We caught at least 20 subsiders. We made our way back to base and chained the subsiders to one another and locked the chain onto a truck. As they were forced to move out into the sunlight, I saw Bromley's daughter among them. She had drunk her own blood, becoming a subsider. She would rather die than be one of us. Why? I was pulled from my thoughts from her form clinging to me. I stared into her eyes and saw the most degrading thing – hatred. I clenched my jaw while she was dragged away. She never turned around, just kept looking at me with that look of disgrace. I shuddered. In that instance I knew I was a monster. I understood then what she told me earlier: 'I am a blood thirsty beast; killing the innocent'. She burst into flames, her scream piercing my non-beating heart and I felt… pitiful, shameful; downright appalled. We are killing machines… were we always like this? Alison was right. How could anyone love a thing like me? Hoots and hollers were followed after the subsiders were demolished. I, on the other hand, stood stock still. This didn't feel right. None of this felt right. I leaned forward in my seat, \"Exactly where are we heading, Edward? It's been like 50 hours!\" Audrey and Elvis laughed. Edward shook his head chuckling, \"Marleene, we have only been driving for at least an hour, if not less. Stay calm, we're almost there.\" Groaning, I replied, \"But Edward! Ugh… it so feels like we have been driving forever.\" \"Kid, how old are you again?\" asked Elvis. I shrugged, \"Well I don't know. You always call me kid. So I guess I'm still a kid.\" I stuck my tongue out. Audrey giggled, \"She's 24 Elvis. She just acts like a kid every now and again. We all do; especially you and your cars.\" I pointed at him, \"Ah-ha! You act like a kid too, so BWAH!\" Edward pulled in a driveway and replied, \"We're here. Hurry, he should be home any minute, but we should still keep our guard up.\" He grabbed his crossbow and led the way inside. Elvis and Audrey grabbed their crossbows and I grabbed my two pistols. We strolled behind Edward. In no time we were inside the house, waiting for Edward's 'friend'. We heard the guy get out of his car and head inside. He walked in, cellphone against his ear, and turned on the lights. He never got the rest of his sentence out over the phone. When he turned around he saw us standing in his way. He told the person on the other end that he would call them back and closed his cell phone. The man looked at Edward with his mouth agape. He led the way into his living room and sat in a wooden chair. His arm extended in the direction of the couches, inviting us to sit down. Edward leaned away from the couch and put his hands on his knees. \"Chris, we need your help.\" The man known as Chris replied, \"Wow. Ed, how in the hell did you become human?\" Before Edward could reply Elvis spoke, \"It doesn't matter how he became human. He asked for your help, you gonna help him or not?\" Chris looked from Edward to Elvis, \"I'm sorry, who are you?\" Elvis smirked, \"We're the ones with the crossbows.\" I heard Chris gulp and inwardly smiled. He's nervous, scared even. But what is he afraid of? I knew we couldn't trust this guy. Chris sighed and observed Edward. He nodded in consideration, \"Tell me what you need. You've known me for six years Ed.\" Edward replied, \"I know we've known each other for a while. Chris, we have a cure, but I can't do it without your help. Will –\" Chris' phone rang, making us glance its way. Elvis looked from the phone on the table to Chris. \"You gonna get that?\" Chris hesitated, but grabbed the phone. \"Hello? Yes, hold on… It's my ex-wife.\" Edward bobbed his head and said that he could take the call. Chris got up from his chair and walked behind a curtain-like wall. We could see his shadow for a while and then he left and went into a different room. Something's not right here… Elvis put his nose in the air, a look of disgust on his face. \"This house is ugly.\" I snickered and saw Audrey get up. \"Where are you going?\" \"To check on his 'friend',\" was her reply. I stood up as well, \"I'll go with you.\" I grabbed my guns and pushed myself from the couch. We went behind the wall and glanced at the back of the room. \"Audrey… there's not another room back this way…only the exit…\" Before we knew it things were being shot from a gun. \"Suppressors are on their guns… Tran…quilizer… darts….\" I fell forward and dropped my pistols in the process. Audrey gasped. She tried to shoot the intruders, but got hit with a tranquilizer dart as well. She fell with a thud. Elvis and Edward glimpsed at each other in shock. They grabbed their crossbows and came around the corner in time to see Marley and Audrey being picked up by vampire soldiers. Elvis spotted Marley's guns and picked them up. Suddenly, shots were fired and Elvis yelled, \"Let's get out of here.\" He shot an arrow and it exploded, tearing the front vampire soldier into pieces. They ran outside and got into Marley's truck. Max and Pete were still lying in the back. Before Edward got into the passenger side he said, \"Good boys. Now stay still for a little longer. We have to get you guys to a safe place and we have to rescue Marley.\" At this their ears perked up. They could sense that something was wrong and growled in response. Edward got in the truck and buckled up. Elvis threw the pistols in the back seat, hit the throttle and they were out of there. \"Edward, we have to keep hidden. If we're caught, we can't get the girls.\" Edward sighed, \"I know. Marley's dogs don't look like they want to stay in the back any more. They know something's wrong. Maybe we should take them with us, Elvis. If we leave them behind and we rescue Marleene, she will be wondering where her boys are. We need to hide her truck, remember where it is, and take the dogs.\" \"Yeah. If the kid's truck gets fucked up, then she will be pissed. And if her dogs die, she will be even more pissed. Yeah, you're right. We need to hide the truck and take the dogs,\" Elvis chuckled. \"She really loves her cars like I do.\" Edward laughed. \"Get us out of here Elvis.\" \"I'm on it. We're going to the train station. Tons of vampires will be out, but they will be too focused on the soldiers running after us. They won't even notice that we're humans. Well, they might notice the dogs, but I ain't leaving them to die. I might not act like I love them, but I do love those dogs.\" Edward smiled, \"They're great dogs. Okay… so we need a plan. Going to the train station is a go. Are we going to take her pistols or leave them in the car?\" \"Leave 'em. She can handle herself without the guns.\" Elvis saw a patch of trees in the distance and drove the truck between them. \"This should be enough cover for them.\" He hopped out of the truck and went around to the back. Edward got out of the truck as well and followed Elvis. He opened the tailgate and said, \"Okay, boys. You're going to help us get your mom back.\" Max and Pete jumped out of the back and wagged their tails. Edward then shut the tailgate and looked to Elvis. \"Let's go. The train station is this way.\" Elvis pointed south of where they were at. \"Let me go! He will help us. And he will kill you!\" I couldn't make out the voice, though I know I knew the person who was speaking. \"No one is coming to save you two. If he does show up then he will die anyways. He broke the code – no aiding humans. He will die for his betrayal.\" Another voice, but I didn't know that one. I heard footsteps leaving the room. I could sense someone was staring at me. \"Marley! Marley, wake up.\" Audrey? What the hell… happened to us? Where are we? I slowly opened my eyes and groaned, \"Audrey, what happened?\" I tried to stretch my arms, but they were tied to a chair. I glared at the restraints and pouted. \"You remember when we were at that guy's house? Yeah, well, he works with the vampire soldiers. Edward thought we could trust him, but I guess he was mistaken.\" She sighed and leaned her head on the chair. I finally got a good look at her and noticed that her wrists were cut open and blood was slipping out of the wounds. I clamped my teeth together and growled. She sadly looked in my eyes and shook her head. I let out a frustrated sigh and slumped over in my seat. \"Audrey, they are coming for us. And if they don't I will figure out a way to get out of these things. And why do they have me restrained, but not bleeding, like they have you?\" I asked her quizzically. \"I have no idea. Maybe they think you're a vampire, since your eyes glow, and they only wanted you tied up…? I don't know.\" \"Well… this is fucked up!\" Edward, Elvis, you better get your asses here… and you better keep my dogs safe! And my truck and bike. I will seriously kiss your asses if they are fucked up. Author's Note: Okay, so I have the whole story saved on my computer. But I have been snazzy-ing some parts up. ^_^ ~!*CuteSango07*!~[Chapter 10] Disclaimer: I own nothing except my character and my own ideas. Edward, Elvis and the dogs made their way to the train station. Tons of vampires were contemplating on whether they were human or not because dogs were following behind. But they were too caught up on watching the soldiers chase after them to really notice anything. They kept on walking, keeping to themselves. Elvis stopped short and held out a hand, telling Edward to stop. Elvis peered around the corner and watched vampire soldiers run in the opposite direction. He sighed and whispered, \"We need to find somewhere to keep Marley's dogs safe. We also need to rest for a bit and think of a plan on how to get the girls.\" Elvis glanced around the corner and said, \"Okay, it's clear. Let's go.\" He ran around the bend with Edward and the dogs following. Their backs turned, a vampire followed, gun in hand. Edward saw a door a few feet in front of them. He ran to it and turned the doorknob. \"We're in,\" he whispered. Elvis looked behind his shoulder to make sure no one was after them, and then closed the door. Edward walked forward a bit and then stopped. The dogs were growling at something in the shadows. Elvis's eyes squinted and he flashed his light in the direction of the growling. A subsider yowled and sprung in their direction. Edward and Elvis yelled and tried to shoot at the creature, but before they could an arrow past their faces in a flash, shredding the subsider into oblivion. Both men turned around and saw a vampire standing behind them, holding a crossbow. Max and Pete growled at the vampire and sprang in its direction. The vampire held up their crossbow in defense. Edward held out a hand while Elvis snatched the dogs up by their collars. He shook his head and replied, \"Frankie? What the hell are you doing here? What… what the hell happened to you?\" Elvis shushed the dogs and told them to sit and stay where they were. Elvis held his crossbow out, ready to strike if Frankie did anything. Frankie glanced in his direction and held his crossbow out as well. Edward sighed, \"Guys, stop it. Please. Frankie, what happened?\" Frankie lowered his weapon, \"I can't believe it. You're one of them.\" He let out an exasperated laugh. \"Wow brother, I didn't think you would do it.\" \"Frankie-\" Edward was cut off by Elvis coughing. Elvis sighed, \"Ya sure you can trust your brother, Ed? The last we trusted someone, we got our backs stabbed from behind.\" Frankie growled and brought his crossbow back up. Edward held out a hand and replied, \"Elvis, Frankie, please stop. We don't have time for this! Frankie, move.\" Frankie stood his ground, lowered his weapon once more, and retorted, \"Ed, you wanna know why I turned you?\" Edward was taken aback. You betrayed me. I thought I could trust my own flesh and blood, but I guess I couldn't. You just wanted blood for your own selfish reasons. Frankie's face was covered in sweat. \"I didn't turn you because it was convenient or because of some selfish need for blood… I… I turned you because you would have died if I didn't. I couldn't handle you being taken away from me. You're my brother, Ed. I couldn't leave you to die.\" Elvis looked sideways at Edward and saw a look of sympathy in his eyes. \"Frankie, I've found a cure, all right? I can change you back.\" Edward stepped towards his brother, hands outstretched. Frankie shook his head from side to side. \"I can get you out of here.\" Edward replied, \"We aren't leaving without the girls.\" \"The woman.\" \"Audrey, the woman, yes… and the girl, Marleene, got captured. Frankie, if you had a heart, you would help us save them. If you really loved Marleene, you would save her.\" Frankie's eyes widened at what Edward said. How could he not notice that Evelyn wasn't with them? He was a vampire and he couldn't even sense that she was gone. What is happening to him? \"I…She's gone?\" He looked Edward directly in the eyes, \"You won't be able to get to them.\" \"Then help us Frankie.\" Frankie slumped his shoulders forward and nodded. \"Okay… Okay…\" Elvis sighed and put his crossbow down. \"So…\" Frankie turned his head slightly and saw Elvis's vein… his blood was calling for him. He saw Elvis take a step towards him and that's when he lunged. He swallowed a gulp full of blood before Edward tore him away from his meal. The dogs growled and stood in front of Elvis, protecting him. Elvis groaned and held a hand to his throat. \"Boys, I'm okay. It's okay.\" They turned around and licked his face. Edward took Elvis's crossbow and stood in front of his brother, ready to fire if he tried to attack once more. Suddenly Frankie gasped. Edward gazed at his brother in amazement. A few hours later they had a plan. Edward was going to go to Bromley's building and tell him that he wanted to become a vampire again. Hopefully, he would find the girls in his office. Frankie and Elvis would come in later and help them escape. Elvis was sitting in a chair he found and said, \"Vampires think they own this world; that the humans have to hide from them. That ain't true. Elvis Presley once said, 'Truth is like the sun. You can shut it out for a time, but it ain't going away'. Every day, the sun comes out, and every day, the vamps have to hide. Vampires can never survive. That's the truth.\" He glanced at Frankie and continued, \"Let's go kill us some vampire ass.\" \"I'm ready to get Evelyn back. I'm ready to tear some vampires apart.\" I could tell that Audrey was failing to stay conscious. Edward, where are you? I heard a door open and saw a man walk in. He glanced in my direction and smiled, \"So, you're awake. That's good. How are you feeling? You need anything – hungry, thirsty even?\" He sat on a leather couch and gazed at me. He asked bewildered, \"How is it you can stay by these humans and not want to take every last drop of blood from their bodies?\" I coughed, \"Yes, I am thirsty.\" I saw him twitch. \"But, I don't drink blood. That would be a vampire's job. You see, I'm not a vampire. My eyes only make it seem like I am, 'cause they glow like yours.\" He glared and replied, \"Liar. You have to be a vampire. You can't be anything else-\" He stopped short, realizing what I was. \"You can't be. All the others have died. I remember my parents telling me when I was younger that there were other creatures out there other than vampires. Beasts. You can't be one of them. They're extinct.\" I smirked, \"Oh, but you're wrong. My family was the last of our kind. But, now that they're dead, no thanks to you, I'm the last one. And when I get out of these chains, I'm going to rip you to shreds.\" I bared my teeth, my canines lengthening. He gasped. I heard a tap on the door and saw the man straighten up. He told the vamp outside to come in. And what I saw brought tears to my eyes. Edward had come for us. You came. Thank God. \"Edward, you got a tan. It suits you. Have a seat.\" He scowled and sat beside Audrey. Audrey moved her head to the left and her eyes widened. \"Edward! What are you doing?\" \"Bromley, I want to become a vampire again. I thought I would like being a human, but I can't stand it. Please, change me back. Change her as well, if you like. But once you bite us, leave us alone. Let her go and let the girl go too.\" My eyes, along with Audrey's, widened. What? He wants to be a vampire again…? But… why? This has got to be a joke. Some plan that he and Elvis thought of. The man, Bromley, pushed himself from the couch and walked behind Audrey's sitting form. I tensed. He touched her face with the palm of his hand and strode to Edward. I let out the air I was holding in and watched the 'show' unfold. \"Edward what are you doing? I don't want to be a blood sucking vampire!\" screamed Audrey. She tried to move, but her strength had dwindled. Bromley stood behind Edward and asked, \"And why should I turn you back? You are a coward.\" Edward let his head fall a little and he glanced at me. I scrunched my eyebrows and titled my head to the side. I took in a breath and realized that he was going to change Bromley into a human. I grinned. \"Alison was your flesh and blood and you were the coward for not changing your own daughter,\" replied Edward. Bromley snarled, latched onto Ed's shoulders, and sank his teeth in his neck. I watched Audrey squirm. \"Audrey, he's okay.\" I spoke loud enough for her to hear. She looked at me in confusion. \"Just watch.\" Bromley brought his head back and sneered, a look of satisfaction written on his face. He stumbled forward, shocked. \"What have you done to me?\" he screeched. \"It's time to be human again, Charles. And now… you die.\" I saw Bromley lurch to the door. He hit a red button on the wall and fell forward. Edward took a chair and set it under the doorknob. He then picked Bromley up and tied him to a chair. I watched Edward untie Audrey's wrists and smiled when she clung onto him. I coughed. They noticed I was still chained up and Edward asked, \"Where are the keys to this?\" I shrugged, \"I don't know, I was unconscious when they chained me up.\" \"I know where they're at,\" replied Audrey. She walked to a cabinet and opened a drawer, revealing the key. She grabbed it, walked over to me, and unlocked the chains. I rubbed my hands and wrists, making my blood circulate through my veins. I glanced at Bromley and growled. Edward told us to get going – vampires would be searching for Charles and we would possibly die. I let out an enraged laugh, \"Yeah, I'd like to see them try to take me again. Those fucking bastards… Oh, they are going to pay for what they did to us.\" My body trembled from my immense hatred for these beasts. These stupid ass vampires! Edward opened his mouth, but Audrey whispered, \"Ed, don't say anything or touch her…she's severely pissed.\" He closed his mouth, nodded and replied, \"Oh…\" He went to where Bromley was situated and dragged him to the elevator. He pressed a button and the doors opened. He spoke in a harsh tone, \"You will die for what you have done. Have fun!\" Ed set the chair in the middle of the elevator, stepped outside and pressed the close button. He turned around and said, \"Okay, we need to get the hell out of here. Audrey, can you keep up?\" Audrey bobbed her head and answered, \"Yes, I will be fine.\" She glanced at me, \"You ready Marley?\" I looked in her eyes, determination written on my face, \"Yeah. I'm ready to kill some fucking vampire ass!\" Edward exited the door and ran down the right hallway. Audrey and I ran behind him. We made it down two flights of stairs before vampires started to surround us from both directions. I heard Edward gulp and saw Audrey shiver. I rolled my eyes, \"You guys go on ahead. I will be right there.\" \"What? Marleene, you might need us,\" replied Edward. I laughed, \"I won't be needing you. Remember when I said I was a different? Yeah, well, I'm very strong and I'm very pissed. I will be done with them in no time. Now go while you have time.\" Audrey grabbed Ed by the shirt and ran off. I did a 360° to see how many vampires I had around me – 15 or so. I smirked, jumped and performed a round-house kick to the side of one vampire's head. He fell back on two of his men, knocking them all down. I turned to my left and lunged at the nearest vamp. I clawed my way in his throat, pulling out his esophagus. Some of the vampires stopped advancing and gazed at me, amazement filling their eyes. I grabbed one more vampire next to me and ripped his head from his body, pulling his cervical vertebrae out of his skin. Blood dripped onto the floor. I took in a deep breath, ready to attack anyone else that came my way. My skin burned; I could feel the heat bubbling to the surface. I'm going to change. I can feel it. I gruffly said, \"Move, or you will all die. You follow me and I will kill every single one of you, you hear me?\" The rest of the vampires fled up the stairs. I sneered and ran in the direction of Audrey and Edward. I could hear shouts the closer I got to the front doors. I heard a voice I recognized and ran faster. I kicked down the door and came behind Edward and Audrey. Frankie was standing in the middle of vampire soldiers. What is going on? Frankie is one of them! I scrunched my eyebrows and asked, \"What's going on? Frankie is a vampire; they shouldn't want to kill him…\" A saw Edward shake his head. \"What?\" \"He's not a vampire anymore Marleene. He bit Elvis and became a human.\" Human… Frankie's human? No way! \"Then what is he doing? He's going to get killed!\" Tears filled my eyes. Frankie turned around and said, \"Run.\" Before the vampires lunged at him, his eyes met mine, and he smiled. My eyes widened and something clicked in my head. Those fucking things were his brothers! And now they are going to kill him… I… will kill every single one of them! My body started to tremble and I heard Audrey gasp behind me. \"Edward, get back. Marley's going to change… and I don't think you want to see her like this…\" Audrey took a step backwards and was grabbed from behind. She yelled, \"Ed!\" Edward turned around and ran after her. My eyes changed from bright green to an iridescent black. My teeth went from regular human's to a werewolves'. I hunched over and my shoulders broadened, my legs elongated, a tail emerged from under my clothes, and wolf ears arose from beneath my hair. Fur covered my whole body. I flexed my fingers and a rumble from the back of my throat made its way out of my mouth. The vampires that lunged at Frankie stopped and turned my way. Their mouths were agape, flabbergasted at what was before them. I let out a thunderous howl and leaped at my first target. My claws elongated and I slashed at the vampire's throat. I completed a round kick to back of another vampire, making him stumble into his neighbor. I slashed at vampires all around me, knocking them down one by one. I heard Frankie groan, did a back-flip, and landed in front of him. My arms were outstretched, protecting him from danger. \"My ancestors were more powerful than you could imagine. I am a creature that you cannot defeat!\" The soldier's glared at me. I laughed, \"You can't beat me!\" I held my ground and screamed, \"Who wants to be the next one to die?\" The vampires sprang in my direction. I got in a squatting position and timed my kick perfectly. I jumped in the air and did a round-house tornado kick, bashing three vampire heads at once. I heard a crunch and knew that they were dead. I immediately executed a back-fist strike on two vampires, knocking them to the ground. I landed in front of Frankie and exhaled. I clutched a vampire around the waist, lifted the guy up and threw him head first into the ground. His head burst open – blood spewing everywhere. I clenched my jaw and turned my attention behind me. The vampires behind me raised their arms in the air, surrendering. I glared and turned back around. A couple vampires strode towards me and tried to shoot me with their guns, but I quickly grabbed the guns, turned them around and pulled the trigger. Two vampire heads were seen flying through the air. Panting, I glanced up at the other vampire soldiers and asked, \"You really want to die? Is this what you really want?\" They looked at one another and dropped their guns. They were done. I heard a moan and fell on my knees in front of Frankie. He wheezed, \"Evelyn?\" My body transformed back into my human form. I twitched and rolled my shoulders forward. \"Hey you,\" I replied softly. There was so much blood covering his body I couldn't tell if it was his or the other soldier's. Frankie coughed, blood pouring from his mouth, \"I… I can't feel my body.\" I heard a door open and peered behind my shoulder. Edward was holding Audrey around the waist. So he got to her in time. Good. He set her down, grabbed the nearest gun and held it up, ready to shoot. I held up a hand, \"It's okay Ed. They stopped. They won't fight anymore.\" Edward sighed and walked to his brother. He knelt down and looked at me. I moved my head to the left and looked down. Ed ran a hand through his hair and asked, \"Marleene, can't you… well… can't you heal him?\" Frankie coughed once more, \"Heal me? What? She's human Ed, she can't heal me.\" Change him…? I-I forgot that could do that. I just don't know if he will accept being like me… I shook my head, \"Ed, I don't know. I mean, I've never tried to change anyone before. What if something goes wrong… what if he doesn't want to be like me?\" Audrey made her way towards us and sat down next to me. \"Marley, he will be just fine. Trust yourself and nothing will go wrong.\" Frankie found my hand and held on tight, \"I have no idea what you guys are talking about… but if I'm to be by Evelyn's side, I don't care what you change me into.\" I smiled. Audrey glanced behind Edward and saw Chris with a gun in his hand. She poked Ed and replied, \"Hey Edward, there's that guy we went to go see at his house… and he's pointing a gun in our direction.\" Edward sighed and stood up. He turned in Chris' direction and said, \"Chris what are you doing?\" \"I can't let you cure us, Ed. I won't let you do it.\" He cocked the gun and before he could pull the trigger an arrow stuck into his heart. He glanced at the arrow and his eyes widened. He burst into flames and exploded. We turned around to see Elvis holding a crossbow in his hands. \"Ever since we met him, I've hated that guy.\" He looked around and whistled, \"Wow… you do this, kid?\" I blushed and replied, \"Yeah. Now, I need to help Frankie. You guys might want to look in the other direction or you could look.\" I shrugged, \"I really don't care.\" I got closer to Frankie and opened my mouth wide, my canines growing in length. Frankie looked to my mouth and made a noise. I glanced up and noticed that he was fading away. My mouth captured his neck and my teeth broke his skin. I bit down hard and took in some of his blood. Dad told me whenever we bite down on a human we have to bite our own flesh and let them take some of our blood. I tore my mouth away from his neck and cut my wrist with my nails. I put my wrist to his lips and said, \"You have to take in some of my blood, Frankie. Can you do that?\" Suddenly I felt lightheaded. I felt his mouth wrap around my wrist and could feel my blood pouring into him. Elvis was behind me in seconds. He grasped my shoulders and whispered, \"You can't faint now, kid.\" I giggled softly, \"I know. I'm okay.\" I put my attention back on Frankie. He was satiated and gasped for air, sitting up. I put my hands on his chest, \"Whoa partner. Take it easy. You'll be woozy if you try to get up quick.\" Frankie smiled and pulled me on top of his blood covered shirt. Oh nice…I'm already bloody enough as it is. He smirked. I asked confused, \"What? If you're going to kiss me, you better wipe that blood from your mouth. I'm not kissing your bloody mouth.\" Audrey, Edward and Elvis simultaneously laughed. Audrey burst out, \"Marley, you're covered in blood too! It wouldn't make any difference!\" I pursed my lips, \"Well blah. I don't care abo-\" I felt a pair of lips next to mine in an instant. I was still for a second until my brain registered that Frankie was kissing me. It's like the time I kissed him out of the blue. Ha-ha. I closed my eyes and kissed back. We pulled away due to Elvis clearing his throat. \"Okay kids… that's enough. Marley, your truck is outside and your dogs are waiting for you.\" Edward glanced at Elvis and asked, \"When did you get the truck?\" Elvis stuck his hands in his pockets and replied like it was the simplest thing in the world, \"Well, you see, I have two legs and I can walk. I took the dogs with me, after you left, to where we hid the truck and drove all the way over here. Frankie took the other car and came here to rescue you guys. You're welcome Marley.\" \"Thank you Elvis for bringing my truck, and my bike, right?\" Elvis nodded. I continued, \"And Max and Pete are outside?\" Elvis smiled, \"Yup, waiting for you to meet them.\" I looked at Frankie questioningly. I didn't want him to think I didn't want to stay by him. He nodded his head, telling me to go. I giggled, got up and started to run outside. I stopped mid-stride and turned towards the vampires. \"These people are my friends. If you touch them I will kill you all. If you want their help and you want to change back into a human, ask them. They have a cure. Now, if you want to stay as vampires tell them, but you can't kill people just for the hell of it. There are hospitals, ya know, that will be glad to donate blood bags!\" I took off out the door. Bwah! Okay, I'm almost done with this story. :)I have been so busy with school that I can't even write an epilogue for this. *sighs* Maybe this weekend I will be able to write it up and post it after my other chapters. Hope you guys like this. ~!*Cute_Sango07*!~[Chapter 11] Disclaimer: I don't own nothing, Nada, none. Well...except for my own characters that is. And anything that has anything to not do with the movie. :) And this will be the last chapter...it's pretty short, I know, but I'm in the process of writing up an epilogue, so that should replace this short ending. I'm hoping to make it kinda long. ^_^ Frankie gazed after Marleene. Edward got on his knees and faced his brother. \"Hey. You feel okay?\" Frankie shook his head, \"Huh? Oh yeah. I'm okay. Ed, what happened to me? I mean, I was dying…\" Audrey coughed and said, \"Edward I'm going to help Elvis with the others.\" She got up and left the two men alone. Edward smiled after she left and replied, \"Frankie, there's something different about Marleene. You know how her eyes glow in the dark?\" He saw his brother nod and continued, \"Well, when we first met I thought she was a vampire because of her eyes. But I was wrong. She's not fully human and she's not a vampire.\" Frankie looked at his brother quizzically, \"What do you mean she's not fully human and not a vampire?\" Edward helped his brother sit up and retorted, \"She's a shape-shifter, Frankie. Back before vampires were known to the world, there were shape-shifters and humans. Some humans thought that her ancestors were werewolves. Others believed that they changed into deranged beasts. They could change into anything they wanted. They lived in harmony with one another for a time, until vampires came along. Her ancestors wanted to control these lands, not the vampires. They had wars with each other. Marleene told me that when vampire's blood is mixed with her kind of blood, they go crazy. Ours can turn into subsiders if bitten from one of her kind, while they can turn into psychotic animals if bitten by a vampire.\" Frankie let everything his brother was saying sink in. He hesitated, \"So… so she turned me into a ravenous creature?\" Edward shook his head chuckling, \"No, Frankie. She saved you. You know how vampires can bite a human and they turn into a vampire as well?\" \"Yes.\" \"Yeah, well, when she bit you, you became a shape-shifter too. Her family, before they were slaughtered, were the only ones who didn't become a beast. They had morals just like regular people, Frankie. Before vampires got blood hungry, they were on good terms with Marleene's family. Things changed. She is the only kind left, with you included.\" Frankie slowly stood up, with Edward's help of course. He groaned, \"I hurt like hell… Will I have to eat on raw meat… like werewolves…?\" Ed laughed, \"No Frankie. She eats like any other human does. She will tell you all about herself later. Come on, we need to help Elvis and Audrey.\" Frankie scrutinized the vampires, mumbling, \"Okay.\" Max and Pete were patiently waiting in the truck for me. They barked when they saw me walking to them. I smiled. I missed them. They're the only family I have left. I have everyone else, I know, but I wouldn't be able to go on without my dogs… or Frankie for that matter… They jumped out of the truck and ran towards me. When they reached me they jumped on my chest, knocking me to the ground. I let out a laugh, \"I know, I know. I missed you guys too.\" I let them kiss me for a few seconds and then told them to get off. They obeyed. I stood up, dusted the dirt from my clothes, and turned back around. \"Okay boys, let's head inside. There are a few vampires in there too, but don't go and try to kill them. They're good guys… maybe. Come one.\" I headed to the door, Max and Pete following close behind. I opened the door and saw Frankie leaning against his brother. Edward was talking to Audrey and Elvis. Probably about the vampires… Frankie's eyebrows furrowed. I mentally laughed. He's gonna have to get used to his new abilities. I saw Frankie move his head in my direction and I grinned. He got off his brother and strode towards me. Max and Pete growled a warning. \"Boys, stop it. He's a good guy. Go say hi to Elvis, Ed, and Audrey.\" They tucked their tails between their hind legs and trotted to the others. Elvis bent down and rubbed their ears, their tails wagging. \"You think they will ever like me,\" questioned Frankie when he reached me. I retorted, \"You think you will ever get used to being like me?\" I raised an eyebrow and grinned. He laughed and replied, \"I take that as a yes.\" I moved closer to his body and noticed that his wounds had completely healed. I gently laid my hand on his neck where I had bitten him. He flinched at my touch at first, possibly thinking that the wound would hurt, and then gasped in wonder when he couldn't feel anything. What a baby. I whispered, \"It won't hurt like it would if you were a normal human. My blood infused into your veins, making you have talents like me. Your body will rejuvenate quicker than a human's, your reflexes will be faster, your eyesight will enhance massively, and strength won't be a problem for you either. The list goes on and on.\" I averted my eyes away from his, suddenly shy. I was rambling again… shit! Frankie chuckled, \"That sounds really interesting. You gonna teach me everything you know?\" He placed his hand over mine and entwined them. He moved my hand away from his neck a few minutes later. (Though really, I think it was only a few seconds; I wasn't really paying attention). He caressed my cheek with his other hand and drew me closer. I took in a quick breath, my heart racing. I gazed into his eyes and before I knew it his lips were against mine. It felt like I was melting into him, literally. So cliche… I placed my hands against his cheeks and fell into his kiss. I felt him smirk against my lips and I mentally chuckled. Before we could get more riled up than we already were, a cough was heard behind us. I broke the kiss and turned around to face a tomato-faced Audrey. I raised one eyebrow waiting for her to speak. She shook her head, stammering, \"W-we might need your help over here… Edward said we can use needles to inject the vampires with his and Elvis' blood, turning those who want to change back into a human.\" \"What about me? Shouldn't I be able to help them as well?\" I faced Frankie and replied, \"Frankie… my blood cannot be fused with a vampire's. If that happens then they can become a subsider…\" A light went off in his head, making him hit his face with the palm of his hand. He groaned, \"Oh yeah. I forgot. Ed told me about that a while back ago. I can't let that slip my mind again.\" He shrugged, \"Well then, let's go help out with the others. Shall we?\" Frankie held out his arm and I rolled my eyes. I smiled and placed my right hand on his forearm. Audrey laughed and told us to follow her. I replied, \"What about the ones who don't want to change back?\" Audrey answered, \"Ed said that we could get blood from blood banks; people who are okay with giving their blood to vamps. He can tell you more about it when you talk to him.\" Edward turned away from the other vampires and faced me, \"Marleene, we need to fix this place up. We need to help the ones who want to change and get an operation going where vampires who want to stay as they are can get free blood without killing innocent people.\" I nodded, \"Yup. Audrey told us while coming over here. Where did Elvis and my dogs go?\" I looked around and couldn't find them anywhere. \"He took the dogs with him to make sure that there were no other vampires in the building and to find some needles. He should be back in a little while though. Don't worry.\" I smiled and replied, \"Okie dokie!\" I faced the vampires and questioned, \"Okay, so who wants to be a vampire and who wants to be a human?\" They all raised their hands. Uh… \"Let me rephrase that. Whoever wants to be a vampire stay where you are. If you want to turn back into a human follow Audrey to a different area in here.\" Audrey walked to the left of the group and stopped when she found her designated 'operation: transform vampires' spot. A few vampires were behind her. Some vampires stood where they originally were. These were the ones who wanted to stay as vamps. Edward replied, \"Okay. Elvis should be back in a few minutes with needles. Frankie, set up a spot for the ones who want to change. Marleene…\" I smiled, waiting for him to give me orders. \"…Uh, you can…\" \"I can… help… Frankie?\" I did my best expression of puppy dog eyes and fluttered my eye lashes. Edward sighed, \"Yes. You can help with Frankie.\" I inwardly sniggered. BWAH! The vampires that were standing before us snickered as well. Edward placed his right hand on his temples and gently rubbed. He sighed and then replied, \"Okay… the rest of you here need to release the humans from the-\" \"You don't need to worry about the humans Ed. I already released them. But I wouldn't mind ya guys lending them a hand.\" Elvis came from the side door with my dogs trailing behind him. \"They're in pretty bad shape back there. Ed, I'm thinking I could the vampires with helping the humans and you could help the other vampires with injecting them with your blood. Oh-\" He threw a bag towards Edward, \"These are all the needles I could find. I'm pretty sure that there are more, but this will suffice.\" Ed caught the bag swiftly, nodding. \"Okay. That's fine. Frankie, Marleene, get busy.\" We both nodded in affirmation and headed to the middle of the garage. Frankie went over to an upturned table, boosted it up on his shoulders and set it down before me. Frankie walked back towards Edward, who was wrapping up his orders. Ed finished, \"All right, you guys understand?\" The vampire soldiers nodded, determination set in their eyes. They actually wanted to help. Wow. I watched them set off after Elvis. Frankie grabbed the bag from Edward and strode towards me. He set the bag on the table and unzipped it, grabbing a few hypodermic needles and laying them on the tabletop. I saw Ed motion for Audrey to escort the vampires over to us. They looked uncertain while walking our way, but you could tell that they wanted to do this. They were ready. Edward picked up an overthrown chair from somewhere and set it down by the table. Audrey was at his side in an instant. She took his arm, placed it on the table and picked up a needle. She motioned for one of the vampires to come her way and they obliged. Audrey pricked Edward's skin with the tip of the hypodermic needle and gently pulled the syringe her direction. A gush of blood rushed in the tube. \"Ed, place your finger over the spot once I pull the needle out.\" Audrey replied. She turned towards the vampire next to her and replied, \"Okay, now you need to relax. It won't hurt one bit, okay?\" The vampire nodded and sighed deeply. They looked Audrey in the eye and replied, \"I'm ready.\" Audrey pricked the vampire's forearm with the needle and slowly pushed the syringe. Human blood was flowing through their veins. I smiled, grabbed Frankie's hand and gently squeezed. The vampire gasped, fell to the floor, and took in a deep breathe. Sooooo... I'm hoping you guys liked this. I had a fun time writing this. And I'm having fun writing the epilogue. I'm hoping on writing some more things, but I might have to do that during the summer, when I actually have more time to sit down and write stuff. :) ","Summary":" \"Where the hell do you think you're going? Get on the ground now!\" Shit! Damned vampires and thei"},{"Movie":"Hugo","Title":"Tales of Thieves","Author":"IckleRonnikens","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7873662","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Tales of Thieves Rating: K Pairing: Hugo/Isabelle Summary- A short story that relates to the movie Hugo and that covers events in the movie in alternate methods and order. Chapter One It was almost evening in Paris, the hustle and bustle of the business day was coming to a close, people were closing their shops for the day, workers were packing up to go home, and the afternoon sun went a cool orange with the clouds surrounded. At the inner central train station, workers were busy boarding their train's home, and the little shops at the station were at their last stand of business for the day. A young boy by the name of Hugo Cabret sat hidden in the walls of the building, staring out into the abyss of flapping cloaks and glistening briefcases. Hugo was an Orphan, his mother he did not remember but his father had been a master clock maker and was burned alive whilst working at the Museum. His drunken sod of an Uncle Claude had therefore been his only living relative, and upon bringing him to this train station he had since gone a-wall, leaving the responsibility of fixing the large clocks and keep them running on time to Hugo, a burden he did not want and had taken it on begrudgingly. The only thing that he has left that connects him to his father is an automaton that doesn't work, and requires a heart-shape key, something he had never even seen before. Even his father had been perplexed upon the keyhole, but had died before he had had the chance of really researching it. Hugo had convinced himself that his purpose in life was to now find that heart-shape key, something he doubted he would be able to do from inside the walls of a train station. He watched from his hiding spot the thousands of people going past him and envied them, they went on an adventure every day – albeit to and from work, but many times he had envisioned himself boarding one of the many trains to leave the platforms of the large station and not look back. Each time he had tried he had had cold feet, and more or less ended up being chased up and down the many platforms by the man that had made it his job to one day catch Hugo, the station inspector. Eventually the clutter of people died away, and shop owners in the station began closing for the day, and Hugo switched his attention to the far side of the station, where a young girl about his age sat alone on a bench with a notepad and pen and was scribbling. She wore a light brown trench coat, underneath that she had a striped jumper and knee-high skirt – whilst most distinctively she wore a dark blue beret atop her short curly blonde hair. Hugo thought she was the most beautiful girl he had ever seen, and as she scribbled she had a great big smile on her face that made a Hugo smile too. He had felt very lonely since his father's passing, his only friend had been the automaton to which he had talked too as if it was real and ever since he had spotted this girl for the first time, he wished he was her friend. Though, as he watched her, he felt he knew her, for every day at the same time for the past several weeks he had waited precisely in this position, waiting for the crowd to thin, knowing she would be sitting there waiting for someone, like he was waiting for her. All he knew of this girl besides her wonderful smile was her name, Isabelle. Her father – at least Hugo presumed it was her father – worked at the train stations toy store, a place where Hugo had spent pinching a lot of the mechanical gears and bolts in an attempt to fix the automaton. This complicated matters, for he knew Isabelle would never be associated with him, she would never talk with him – not with a thief, a reprobate. Still though he watched her as she screwed her face in concentration, clearly working on something much more complicated than an ordinary scribble. Hugo wished he could see what she was scribbling, or indeed writing – despite his shyness, it would be the perfect way to say hello, simply asking what it was she was doing. Just as that thought occurred to him Isabelle cried out angrily and scrunched up the page she had been writing on and threw it into the rubbish bin nearby. As she was just about to begin writing again, the old man that worked at the toy store suddenly approached and called her name softly, causing Isabelle to look up. 'Papa George,' she said, smiling and closing her book so she could get to her feet, 'is it time to go?' 'Yes my dear,' George said. They linked arms and turned and headed for the exit, Hugo watched them the whole way, even well after they had gone. His eyes turned to the rubbish bin in which contained the scrunched up page, and instantly Hugo was curious. He waited patiently as the station inspector and his dog did a circle of the area before disappearing to his office the other side of the building. Hugo pounced from his hiding position and quickly found the scrunched up page Isabelle had chucked. Hugo looked around the deserted building to ensure he was alone before unfolding the crumpled paper and getting the shock of his life.[Chapter 2] Chapter Two Hugo paced his quarters that night; the small room that lay within the stations walls consisted of very little, but the necessities were there. He had a bunk to sleep on, a workbench to work on and a chair for his beloved automaton to sit on. The usual tools, cogs and bits and pieces that lived on his bench had been swept unceremoniously from the tabletop to the floor, making way for the crumbled up piece of paper Hugo had managed to salvage from the rubbish after Isabelle had tossed it. The creases had attempted to be flattened out with very little success; Hugo however had focused on the more important matter of the subject which had been drawn on the paper. And what a quite important matter it was. How could it be possible that Isabelle – a girl perhaps no older than Hugo himself – would draw a near on replica love-heart shaped key that his father had foreseen as something very rare? Sure Hugo assumed the drawing of a love-heart may be drawn by hundreds and thousands of people a day, but for it to be in the shape of a key was very one in a million. Hugo had only ever seen one such shape drawn in his entire lifetime, and it sat right there in his quarters, hidden comfortably in his left pocket. He placed his hand on the small mound and patted it – the notebook had been his fathers, and all the drawings of the automatons' complicated structure were in there, including the most obscure one, the most mysterious puzzle the mechanical figure had given them. Up until now it had been nothing short of exactly that – a mystery, a puzzle to boggle the mind – nobody but he and his father knew of such a keyhole shape to be in existence and Hugo was as sure as that as he was sure that the station Inspector fancied Madame Lisette, the flower lady. Hugo moved around the automaton to the back and kneeled, his fingers ran over the heart-shaped keyhole, as if suddenly he expected an answer to reveal their presence to him. It was such an unusual shape; he supposed that the whole thing COULD be a coincidence, a misconception, a sign of his mind playing tricks. It was only today that he had been thinking of partaking on an adventure, or a journey to find what he so very much desired. Perhaps he was dreaming, perhaps he was just hoping this was the adventure he wanted to have. The fact that this girl he had admired since he had laid his eyes on her (albeit from afar) was connected to one of the most important objects in his life just felt a little far-fetched. Even now, as he turned his attention back to the drawing on his workbench, it did look a little bit different to that of his father's visions. The width of the heart-shape was far too thin, and the key handle was longer and fatter. Hugo scooped up the picture, folded it in half and placed it with his father's notebook under the mattress. It was getting late – for now he would leave it. Hugo had been pondering for a while now, his pocket-watch read almost midnight, and he was meant to be up by five in the morning to wind all the clocks in the station which takes quite a while. Also, if the clocks run behind, the station Inspector begins to ask questions, something Hugo cannot afford to do with his Uncle gone a-wall. If he was caught without a parent or guardian, is was probably straight off to the Orphanage for him. For now, he would dream about clocks, heart-shaped keyholes, berets and curly hair and mull over his thoughts in the morning. The strong smell of freshly made bread, grinded coffee beans, hot off the press newspapers and blossoming flowers filled the halls and walkways of the station the next morning. Hugo was feeling very hungry and very envious as he worked, wounding the smallest clock in the south east wing he tried to ignore the constant rumble of his stomach begging for food. If it weren't for the station Inspector sweeping around every corner and checking each nook and cranny in the place, Hugo would have gone and pinched a croissant for breakfast by now. Wiping the sweat from his brow, Hugo left the south east wing and headed along a narrow and steamy hallway, he then turned right onto a steep railing that took him to a small room where finally he climbed a ladder and came to the next clock. He always hated winding this particular clock and for quite a good number of reasons. Firstly, he had to make sure that this clock beyond all others ran perfectly, smoothly and faultlessly, for it was the clock in which sat in the stations Inspector's room and therefore the basis of all the other clocks in the station. Besides having to be extra careful while he worked in order not to be found out, the lever was almost always rigid and hard to move, no matter how much oil or grease Hugo put on it, making life extra difficult for him. Once Hugo was finished winding the clock the necessary amount, he gave the office a quick glance before moving on. His thoughts turned to the events of last night and to Isabelle; he wanted so very much to know where she'd seen the heart-shaped key so that he could venture to retrieve it and uncover the secret or the automaton that he so desperately wanted answered. His only quam was the fact that such an elegant young girl like Isabelle would most likely dispute having any sort of conversation with such a boy, especially one with the reputation as a pillaging thief. Her grandfather at the toy store more than likely had told her all about the thief stealing his stock by now. Finally he reached the large clock tower atop the train station and from his least favourite room in the station to his most favourite Hugo could not help but yet again appreciate the view in front of him. He could see all the way across the city towards the Eiffel Tower, standing like a giant amongst the surrounding buildings, it illuminated beautifully against the colours made from the morning sun. He took his time in this room winding the clock, despite being very hungry. He sat for quite a long while, attempting to create something in his mind that might just make Isabelle talk to him longer than the ten seconds she would need to call him a low-life thief before walking away. The sun rose quite a-ways into the sky in the time he sat there staring at the large structure in the distance – it was almost like he was expecting something magical to come to him, just because he was looking at something magical. Was that not how Jules Vern came up with the ideas for his adventures? Finally admitting that he would not be able to think up the right words on an empty stomach, Hugo climbed down and returned to reality and the busy station. Busy was perfect, Hugo thought, he preferred it to be busy, the more people there were the less likely it was for anyone to pay attention to him. So after scanning the area for any sign of the station Inspector or his dog, Hugo emerged from the shadows in a calm and collected manner. The rest was like clockwork; he casually stepped into the busy flow of traffic and simply let himself be swept by the crowd past the baker's shop and café, where he managed to pinch a croissant and a bottle of milk respectively. Not a single soul in the entire station gave the slightest bit of a double-take, nor insinuate they noticed anything, and as Hugo emerged from the flowing sea of people – his jacket bulging – he really did believe that yet again he had managed to fool everyone. That was, however, until he had taken one solitary step towards the hole in the wall leading to his covert lair and heard the loud definitive sound of somebody clearing their throat loudly. Hugo's heart sank; stopping dead in his tracks, Hugo suddenly panicked and he felt all the smugness he had had moments ago drain away to nothing. There was no two-ways about it: the station Inspector had caught him.[Chapter 3] Hey guys. Apologies for the lateness of my returning, I have struggled for months to write this chapter and I'm finally happy with it (even though I might not be when I wake up). Won't take up any more of your time, thought I should just let you know that I'm back to writing this and more will be coming soon. Enjoy! Chapter Three ' You see this?' Hugo and his father were in the back of the shop, working as always ever vigorously on the Automaton found abandoned in the Museum. His father was pointing to the heart-shaped keyhole located on the back of the Automaton, no doubt the mechanism used in winding the contraption. ' Another complication,' he said softly as he admired it from an arm's length, but quickly a smile came over him and in an excited whisper he added, 'another mystery.' They both smiled happily to one another. ' It makes you happy,' Hugo said matter-of-factly, his father agreed. ' Hmm,' he ran his fingers over it again and again, 'a keyhole in the shape of a heart...' He opened his notebook to a page where he had been drawing a similar shaped heart. ' Unfortunately, we don't have the key,' he said, indicating the drawings he'd made. They both stood back, surveying it, pondering its brilliance. ' Can we make one?' Hugo asked hopefully. His father looked down upon him sternly, his face full of shadow and doubt. ' Oh I don't know, Hugo,' he said seriously, 'the craftsmanship is incredibly difficult, and the design has to be perfect or it might not fit. It could take months.' Yet, after deliberating for several seconds the coldness seemed to melt away into a smile, lighting the space around him and indeed even making Hugo smile. ' Of course we can make one,' he said in an amused voice, 'we're clock makers.' Hugo literally became cemented to the spot. Never before had he been so scared in his life as he stood, sweating, pale in the face and torn between whether to run or give himself up. His mind raced over the multiple scenarios, each more devastating than the last, and each consequently ending with him being in an unbearable Orphanage for the rest of his life. He closed his eyes, swallowed hard and waited for the inevitable firm hand to grasp his shoulder and take him away. But it never did. Instead a voice, softer and far less frightening than he'd imagined. No, this voice did not belong to the station Inspector, it was far too sophisticated and well mannered for it to be any station Inspector let alone the one Hugo had encountered. 'Those things don't belong to you, you know?' Hugo recognised the voice from somewhere, and when he spun around to face them he suddenly felt whatever colour that had remained in his face wash away. It was if his thoughts of the past twenty four hours had caught up to him, for there stood a very pretty girl, looking particularly judgemental at him with her lips pursed and eyebrows rose. It was Isabelle. Hugo hesitated. This was the first time in quite a long time that he had had an interaction with another person, he was not sure if he could conjure up any words to say. 'You're that thief Papa George told keeps talking about,' she said importantly. When Hugo didn't answer, she seemed rather annoyed. 'Well?' she hissed, 'aren't you?' 'I don't know what you're talking about,' Hugo lied. Hugo was lost in the sensation of being in her presence; he could smell her fancy French perfume, and it made his nose itchy but he dared not sneeze nor scratch it. Isabelle was looking at him rather quizzically, as if attempting to hear what he was thinking; she gave him a once look-over, her eyes lingered most particularly on the more dirtier parts of his clothing and when she reobtained eye contact she furrowed her brow. 'Hand over what you've stolen now,' she insisted, putting out her hand, 'or I'll... I'll-' 'What?' Hugo queried her, 'call the Inspector?' Isabelle rose to her full height and stared at him. 'I might,' she said, nodding, 'yes.' 'You won't,' Hugo told her. 'I beg your pardon?' 'If you were going to,' Hugo explained, 'you would have by now.' Isabelle seems quite offended that he was telling her what she was going to do. However, after a few minutes of not having denied his words, she shifted forward the conversation. 'They don't belong to you,' she spat, clearly frustrated now, 'what interest does a little boy like you have in a bunch of gears and bolts anyway?' Hugo wrung his hands together. 'I- I don't want to say,' he said nervously. 'Why not?' Isabelle asked curiously – and then, as if some sort of switch flicked inside her head she smiled widely, she took a step closer, 'is it a secret?' Hugo hesitated. 'I love secrets,' Isabelle said rather loudly, 'you must tell me.' 'I can't.' 'But you must.' Hugo's heart was racing. This was his chance. He could not possibly foresee another opportunity like this to ask Isabelle about the heart shaped key that she had drawn and that he needed. Therefore he could hardly believe that he was trying his best to not mention it at all. 'It's complicated,' Hugo said with a shrug. 'Are you suggesting I wouldn't understand?' Isabelle asked with venom in her tone. After Hugo did not answer for several moments, Isabelle clearly got impatient. 'Fine, if you won't tell me, then perhaps you ought to leave,' she sounded disheartened. Hugo was for sure. He began backtracking blindly through the traffic of people, until eventually Isabelle disappeared completely from view. From there to when he ended up back in his quarters was a blur for Hugo; he stood at the door, crying, the feelings of being ever so close yet now surely ever so far from his answers was unbearable. He couldn't believe he had become as close as to finding the truth, he hated himself so much for it now, and his hand was bleeding from where he had angrily punched the wall. He wondered what his father might have said, if he saw him like this – would he be disappointed? Hugo was disappointed in himself that much was for certain. He pulled from within his pocket his notebook and slid down the cold surface of the door. This was his sanctuary for the next past few hours, as he attempted to regather himself from what had just happened. It seemed like it lasted only minutes though, flipping through the many pages of the notebook, for eventually he got to the page with the heart-shaped key on it and felt his stomach drop again and thoughts come flooding back. 'Father?' ' Hmm?' Hugo's father looked up from his work, the large Grandfather clock he had to fix by next morning was taking longer than expected, and in agreement he would go straight to bed the minute it was fixed, Hugo had been allowed to stay up and watch his father work so he might learn. ' Where do you think that key is now?' Hugo asked sleepily, 'for the aut- autom-' ' Automaton,' his father finished with a smile, 'I don't know. One can imagine thousands of possibilities though,' he continued, returning his focus to the Grandfather clock, 'most likely the key is still owned by the maker or original owner, perhaps without even knowing or perhaps they can't remember what it was for.' Hugo seemed amazed. ' But how could you not?' He asked. ' It's hard to believe I know,' his father agreed, 'so perhaps the key is lost. Can you imagine it on the bottom of the deepest blue ocean? Or buried under an important building or landmark in London? It is very old, remember, perhaps someone thought it as junk.' ' Maybe it broke!' Hugo suggested, sounding excited. ' It might have,' his father nodded, 'but I hope it didn't.' Hugo fell quiet as his father worked. His imagination did take over him, for he came up with hundreds of thousands of alternative resting places for the heart shaped key, each more unlikely than the next. But he never imagined, not in a million years, that it would turn up in the very city he lived in or indeed at the very train station that only led him here on the back of a tragic incident involving his father. He never pictured it linking to a young girl by the name of Isabelle, who was probably oblivious to what she had and was up late like Hugo rolling it around in her hands, just as Hugo was his notebook. He wondered aimlessly though, if he had asked Isabelle about the key, would she have divulged the information? Did she have any information to divulge? Perhaps she didn't own the key at all. He felt somewhat better about this idea, that she knew nothing, that it was pure coincidence she drew that picture (much like he had first suggested). But, was that better than if she did have what he was looking for? He wasn't sure if that made him completely happy. As he retired for bed, with his eyes swelled and red, he still remained at a loss, he had no answers to the questions that his father had left him and he was probably further away from knowing just what he was suppose to do than he had to begin with.[Chapter 4] Chapter Four The next morning described Hugo's frame of mind perfectly - heavy rain pelted against the glass panes as he worked, up in the large clock tower of the train station, his thoughts of course on Isabelle as he winded away at the gears. He was disappointed that the Eiffel Tower could not be seen across the city in this weather, his view was limited to only a couple of hundred meters or so, meaning his time in his favourite place was brief and boring. Though he was hungry, he didn't dare risk a repeat of yesterday at this point, and opted instead to spend the majority of his day in his hidden quarters and away from the smell of food. He did not realise how slow time went when you watched it, his life had always been filled with one responsibility or another, and he had never really noticed. He tried to fill his time by playing around with some small toys he had pinched from the toy shop, but they quickly became tedious and so Hugo sat staring at the motionless Automaton across the room instead. 'I think I might have found it, dad,' Hugo said to it, a small wry smile threatening to etch across his face, 'I'm not sure, of course, but I would rather like to think it's nearby, instead of at the bottom of a deep blue ocean somewhere.' The Automaton continued to give Hugo the vacant and emotionless stare through these words, and as was always the case, Hugo began to shed a tear. 'She doesn't like me, though,' he continued to say, not bothering to wipe the tears away, 'why would she? After all the things that I've stolen from her grandfather's shop? She could never trust me...' Hugo trailed off and looked away from the Automaton, attempting to regather his composure. After managing to do so several minutes later, he heaved himself up against the cold wall and put his hands to his stomach, as if had just given an almighty gurgle. He looked back at the Automaton with regret, and realised, if there was one thing that it did for him other than give him a blank stare, it was help him remember his father's words of wisdom. And he knew for sure that his father would never let him starve, no matter their situation. Ten minutes later, Hugo was sat in his second favourite position in the train station - that was the view point that overlooked the main area of the station and more importantly the preferred bench in which Isabelle usually sat on, drawing happily on her notepad. Hugo noticed she was looking up more than she usually did, perhaps she was using an inspiration from somewhere within the train station - or maybe, and his stomach flopped at the idea, she was keeping a look out for him, in case he decided to steal something again. Despite his stomach literally growling at him, he decided then and there that it was not worth the risk whilst Isabelle was still in the station. However, very soon after, her father arrived and announced they were going home. He watched them go again, his stomach taking a back seat for a moment - he wondered aimlessly whether she kept the key on her possession, or whether she kept it at home. And for a moment, he contemplated following them home, to find where they lived, to perhaps discover what he, and his father in a way, had been searching for, for such a long time. But just then, someone walked past the porthole where he hid with a fresh pastry and the smell distracted him. And in almost an instant his thoughts about Isabelle and a stupid heart-shaped key disappeared - next thing he knew, he was on the other side of the foyer, hidden behind a small crate, juggling a scorching hot croissant with his hands. Biting into the golden pastry was like a paradise he'd never visited, and right away he began to feel warmer, even down to the soles of his feet which were sore from the wear and tear of his dilapidating footwear. With his stomach no longer running on empty, he was able to return to his small den and sleep without looking once at the Automaton. The next morning, Hugo woke up later than he should have, and he was in such a rush to make up time whilst winding all the clocks in the station, that he really didn't have time to think about his Automaton, or Isabelle or even that key. Luck would have it, the Station Inspector didn't appear to leave his office this morning until around seven, so that by the time he pulled out his pocket watch and compared it to the large clock in the middle of the foyer, it was in sync. Hugo watched him through the grate of the wall, as he began to descend the stairwell with a squeak - he was attempting to be sly, for Mademoiselle Lisette (the stations' florist) was pushing around her cart nearby. The station Inspector managed to reach the bottom of the stairs, he took two squeaky steps towards her, before stopping, turning on the spot and heading in the other direction. Hugo smiled and, after indeed making sure the Inspector had wandered far enough, pushed aside the grate in which he had been watching from, and stepped out of the wall and into the train station. Thankfully, the bakery was yet again unguarded, and he was able to wander along aimlessly, swipe a sweet roll and keep walking. He went around corner, along the corridor, and went to turn right when something stopped him. 'You.' Hugo turned around in alarm to see Papa George, the toy shop owner, standing up behind the counter and pointing at Hugo. 'You've been stealing again, I see,' he said, pointing to the sweet roll in Hugo's hand, 'come here this instant, I want back what you stole from me!' But Hugo had already turned and was running - Papa George's booming voice was sure to have carried to the station Inspector. 'You can't hide forever, boy!' Papa George yelled after him. Hugo dove around the corner, and snuck into a nearby grill just in time - as he closed it, he heard the familiar squeaking noise of the Inspector's leg approaching, quite fast it must be said, and then he saw his dog flash past and the finally him limping behind. 'Monsieur, what is all this corruption you are yelling about?' the station Inspector asked. Hugo didn't wait around to listen - he bit into his sweet roll and made a dash for his den, where he decided that the Inspector would no doubt be keeping a particular look out for someone of his description, and should lay low for a while. Hugo and his father had been putting in another late night fixing the Automaton, when suddenly his father sighed in a disappointing matter. 'What is it?' Hugo asked curiously. 'I'm exhausted, Hugo,' his father said truthfully, 'we are as close to fixing this as ever before but, I'm afraid, there is still a long way to go. And I'm very tired.' Hugo frowned and stared at the Automaton. 'You're not giving up are you?' Hugo asked. 'Giving up is not a trait of a Cabret,' his father said, 'you must never forget that.' 'I won't,' Hugo promised. 'But when it's three in the morning, and you have to get up for work at six,' his father said in amusement, 'that is not giving up, it is just being sensible.' As he was putting away his tools, Hugo surveyed his father and asked, 'do you think we will ever get it running?' He was of course talking about the Automaton. 'I hope so,' his father said. 'Without the key?' His father seemed to contemplate this question for the longest time. 'Probably not.' Hugo did not foresee himself falling asleep - it was perhaps sheer luck when a particular loud train whistle from somewhere below woke him, and then he realised what time is was, he cursed loudly. He jumped to his feet, left his den and took off up the corridor. He took a right, a left, a left, a right, climbed a ladder, ducked his head to miss a swinging pendulum, took another right and finally one last left, before he shimmied into a crawl space and caught his breath. Then, he moved forward slightly and peered through an air-vent and looked down. Yes! He hadn't missed her. Isabelle was sitting on her favourite bench, she was drawing again, as always, and fingering the cord of her necklace. Hugo raised his eyebrows slightly, he couldn't remember her having a necklace, but then he supposed he had only really ever seen her from a distance. Also, he could not tell what was on the end of the necklace, as it was only the cord in which she had exposed. Unfortunately, due to the lateness of his arrival, Papa George came wandering along far too quickly for his liking, and so that Hugo was felt to feel miserable as he yet again watched the two of them leave the station. He knew he had to confront her soon, finding that key was of the upmost importance for Hugo now, he would not give up.[Chapter 5] Chapter Five Hugo would have emerged from his hiding spot earlier, his time was running short after all, but it was unfortunate that the station Inspector was hanging around the café and sipping a coffee with Madame Emilie, the owner. He might have been talking with her, but it was fairly clear that his eyes were darting elsewhere - perhaps, most obviously, toward the growth of flowers just off to the side, and to the florist who was busying herself making bouquets. Although he could not hear them from his position, Hugo could sense Madam Emilie attempting to persuade the station Inspector to go and talk to her, but he seemed to be hesitant. After a little while, he put his coffee down and attempted to wander over - but about half-way there, his leg squeaked completely and totally randomly, forcing everyone in the vicinity to look around in alarm. To throw them, and indeed the pretty florist, the station Inspector quickly took out his watch and compared it to the large one in the middle of the room. 'That Monsieur Claude,' he suddenly said very loudly, looking around at everyone except for Mademoiselle Lisette, 'he really has been doing a superb job winding those clocks, don't you think?' Hugo smirked as the station Inspector limped away in shame. He would have felt more sorry for him, if it weren't for fact that man chased him around the station nearly every other day. Not to mention the fact that Hugo could finally arise from his hiding spot and begin to prepare for what he was about to do. It did, however, remind him of a question he once asked his father. 'Dad?' Hugo's father looked up at him, he had just carefully placed another piece of the puzzle into the chest that was the Automaton. 'How did you and mum meet?' Hugo's father gave him a wry smile as he tilted his head. 'Hugo,' he said with amusement, 'you already know that story.' Hugo couldn't help but smile too. 'Tell it again,' he pleaded, and right there his father knew he could not resist. He stood up and took off his glasses, and stared up through the glass-panes of his workshop, suddenly it was like he was somewhere else. 'We met in London,' he said to him, as if remembering it to be yesterday, 'she had just moved from Coventry to London to study at the University there, which was coincidently where I was studying at the time...' He looked down at Hugo, who looked captivated already, and went on. 'One beautiful sunny day, I saw her sitting on one of the benches in a park on campus,' he explained, attempting to picture it exactly, 'and I was completely head over heels at first sight.' He winked sideways at Hugo, who continued to smile at every word. 'But I was also completely terrified and shy,' his father went on to say, he was now wiping his glasses, 'it might be hard to believe now, but I was afraid of approaching her... I was young...' The sides of Hugo's mouth twitched, but he allowed his father to continue. 'However, as luck would have it, I saw her the next day,' his father said, 'and then the next, in the exact same park, and the exact same bench- she ate her lunch at the exact same time for several days in a row... and I thought to myself, this person I liked-' 'Because of your love for time?' Hugo said, his face lit up with excitement before he saw the look of disappoint in his father's features. 'Sorry,' Hugo said once he realised he'd interrupted the story, but his father shook his head. 'You're right though,' his father told him, 'several days went past until I finally found the courage to talk to her, and you know how?' Hugo nodded, but his father went on anyway. 'I left her a note several minutes before she arrived,' he told him, 'asking if I could join her for lunch. And when she read the note, and looked up and saw me there standing awkwardly, she hesitated at first, but nodded all the same. 'It was the perfect way to start the conversation with her,' his father went on, still smiling, 'and to this day, I am still glad I did.' Hugo blinked in confusion. 'Why?' 'Because we have you, Hugo,' his father put his glasses back on and returned to the Automaton. Hugo looked up at the clocks in which he spent every morning of his life now winding, and realised that she would be arriving soon. He was lucky that there was no one sitting on the bench in which Isabelle enjoyed sitting at, so he could approach it without really being noticed. He had thought about it very much, about confronting her, he needed to know about that key - and he had argued with himself that there would be no way for him to simply just ask her, he didn't have that sort of confidence within him. Instead, he had it all planned out. Keeping one eye out for Isabelle, the other for the station Inspector, Hugo placed the drawing of the heart-shaped key that Isabelle had done several days ago on the exact side of the bench that she usually favoured. He was hoping it would help get her attention, but, he hadn't really thought hard about what he might do next. Deciding that he would figure out the details later, he kept as low as he could, and moved back towards the air-vent from where he usually watched her from. By the time he got back to the entry of the air-vent and looked around, he spotted her through the crowd, moving to her favourite position in the station, waving to people in a friendly manner as she went. He felt nervous as she got to the bench, but her eyes were elsewhere - at first, as she stood there sipping her water, she did not spot the present he had left for her. It was not until she had pulled out her notepad, sat down and went to place her water beside her, that she noticed it. He felt a smile appear on his face as she reached down and picked it up, unfolded it, and stared at it, for what had to be at least thirty seconds. She then looked up curiously, did a small sweep of the foyer with her eyes, before turning to look at the nearby bin, in which - as far as she could remember - was the place she had last left that drawing. Isabelle stood up this time and swept the foyer with her eyes again, until, finally, they fell on him, in the corner, standing by a large pillar. Her eyebrows rose and she blinked at him; for a moment's hesitation, she looked around as if uncertain she should approach, but when she looked back at him, she kept her eyes focused and walked towards him. There was a moment where they just stood a couple of feet apart, and nothing was said - she unfolded her drawing to look at it, before her patience got the better of her and she looked up at him curiously 'Does this mean you're ready to tell me that secret?' she asked him, but he did not reply. His eyes were darting left and right for the station Inspector. Isabelle looked briefly too, but she more or less concentrated on him and directly in front of her. 'Who are you?' she demanded of him, and this caused Hugo to look up at her. 'And, why are you interested in this? In something I drew?' 'I'm Hugo,' Hugo said finally, he wanted to make the best impression he could, so that she may divulge the information he needed. 'The drawing reminded me of something.' She stared at him for a few moments to digest this information. 'And what is that?' Isabelle asked him, folding her arms. 'I err...' Hugo hesitated, he did not want to look foolish in case she had no key to give him at all. 'That doesn't really matter,' he clarified, 'I just wanted to know, how you came to draw it?' She surveyed him for a moment before answering. 'Does it really matter that much to you?' 'Yes,' Hugo insisted through his clenched teeth, 'do you own something like that?' he nodded at the drawing clenched in her hand, 'or know someone who does? Did you see it somewhere, maybe?' 'That is my business,' Isabelle told him, 'it certainly isn't any business of a thief.' 'I am not a thief!' Hugo was beginning to grow tired of saying this now. 'I just, I really need to find that key.' She absent-mindedly began fingering the cord of her necklace. 'For what, exactly?' 'That's my business,' Hugo said, mimicking her in a way that he should have known would make her a little angry. 'Well I'm not telling you anything, unless you tell me why you need it,' she said, and she handed back the drawing. Hugo felt himself become frustrated - he still wasn't sure that she owned anything that he needed at all, and he had worked so hard of late to get the Automaton near working, he didn't want to risk Isabelle discovering it and taking it away from him for whatever reason. He eventually said, 'fine,' and turned away into the crowd. 'Wait,' Isabelle called after him, attempting to following, 'tell me what you're up too!' But he was gone. He ducked into a grate in the other corner of the foyer, and Isabelle was forced to give up the chase. She did not return to her favourite bench, unfortunately, she wandered off amongst the sea of people and Hugo returned to his den, again disappointed.[Chapter 6] Chapter Six Hugo did not spot Isabelle at all the following day, he spent more time than he usually did out in the open area of the train station, risking his chances of being caught by the station Inspector. But he knew he could hear that man coming from a mile away, his leg mechanism had squeaked so loudly over the past couple of days, that he was literally apologising to everyone he passed as he walked. 'Pardon me, excuse me, sorry Monsieur,' he kept saying to anyone that would bother listening to him, 'I was injured in the war you see?' he would keep saying, 'no it will never heal, Madam. Yes I'm sorry too... good afternoon!' Also, Hugo knew for a fact that the Inspector was currently in his office and on the phone to the head of the Municipal Police, and the chances were he could be there for quite a while. So therefore, Hugo kept doing loops of all the areas that he knew Isabelle preferred to frequent, including the toy shop (and he managed to check around there whilst keeping out of sight of the store owner). Unfortunately he did not spot her, and he was not sure what he would have done or said to her even if he had of found her anyway. He was just about to crawl back into one of his hiding spots, when, the unthinkable happened. 'Aha! Got you!' The station Inspector, fresh off the phone, grabbed Hugo unsuspectingly by the shoulder and turned him so that he could leer at him. 'Did you think you could hide from me? Did you, you filthy little urchin?' he said with such satisfaction, that Hugo felt small specs of spit hit his face. 'You're hurting me!' Hugo cried, as the station Inspector twisted his arm. 'Where is your designated adult, child?' he spat, 'where is your guardian? Your keeper? Your protectuer? Answer me this instant?!' 'I don't have one!' 'No parents? None?' the station Inspector repeated in amusement, 'well then... it's off to the Orphanage with you!' 'No! Please!' But the Inspector was not listening. He yanked, pulled and dragged a kicking and screaming Hugo up to his office, where he placed him in a cage, set his dog to keep watch and picked up the phone. 'Hello, yes, inspector, it's me again,' he said, turning away from Hugo, 'yes, this is quite embarrassing, I know I just hung up from you, but... it appears I have found another orphan for you. 'Why yes I have been busy...' He went silent for a moment before nodding. 'List of charges?' the station Inspector asked, looking curiously around at Hugo, 'theft and trespassing... what? What do you mean, \"what else\"? 'Well I don't know...,' he went on with a shrug, 'pilfering, littering, walking around, playing, impersonating a child with a parent!' Hugo felt his stomach fall as he slid down the back of the cage, staring into the eyes of the dog that guarded his cage. He was in denial at the moment, he just couldn't believe that he'd so stupidly allowed himself to be caught - and so easily at that. When the station Inspector got off the phone, he announced to Hugo that the Police would be here soon to pick him up. 'Please let me go!' Hugo cried, furiously shaking the cage, but the station Inspector threw a pencil at him. 'Stop it! Be quiet!' he said with authority, 'you filthy little-' 'If you let me go, I'll redesign your leg brace for you, so it won't squeak!' Hugo had gone through denial, anger... now he was already onto bargaining, but the station Inspector doubted him immediately. 'How could you possibly?' he said, 'you're just a little child, there is no way you could manage something like that-' 'My father was a clock maker,' Hugo explained, but he knew it sounded silly even before it had come from his mouth. 'But my leg is not a clock, boy,' the station Inspector said with a laugh, 'now be quiet!' Hugo found himself to be at a loss on what to do. 'Do you know what this is?' Hugo's father asked him one night, holding up what looked like a metal pen, but at the end of it were a line of long thin pins. Hugo stared at it for quite a long time, before shaking his head. 'It's a lock-pick,' his father divulged to him, and he pulled from beneath the counter a small chest with a standard lock on the front of it. 'If your mother knew I was showing you this, she would be very unhappy with me.' He looked around at Hugo, who half smiled and watched as his father inserted the lock-pick into the chests lock and fiddled about until the top of the chest clicked open. Hugo's eyebrows disappeared into his hair. 'Now remember, Hugo, I do not want you to think that I am teaching you to be a thief,' his father said with real purpose, as he held out the lock-pick for Hugo to take. But his father did not let him take it from his grasp right away. 'Promise me, Hugo, that you will be responsible with this,' his father asked of him. 'Can I keep this?' Hugo asked, as his father let go of it and Hugo put it up to the light and surveyed it. 'Only if you promise me,' his father went on, causing Hugo to look sideways at him, 'god forbid you should ever end up in a situation where you need it, but, just in case you are in the future, that is the only time that would be necessarily to use it. Am I understood?' Hugo looked back at his father and swallowed. 'I promise,' he said with a nod of his head. 'Good boy,' his father said, ruffling his hair and shutting the lid of the small chest, so that Hugo could try unlocking it himself. ' Pardon me, Monsieur Inspector?' Hugo looked up, just as the station Inspector looked around to see that Isabelle was standing on the threshold and she was beaming at him. The station Inspector, who had been sitting at his desk with his leg up, and was cleaning his ears with one of his pencils, seemed to move rather quickly to his feet and forward. 'Yes what is it?' he ordered, brandishing the same pencil he had been using to clean his ears towards her, 'are you another Orphan? Where are your parents?' 'Oh, no, I'm not an Orphan,' Isabelle assured him, and she now looked past him toward Hugo with raised eyebrows and a wink, before returning her gaze back to the station Inspector, 'I work with my Papa George, at the toy booth, perhaps you've seen-?' 'Oh, yes... I see, right, you're that young girl of his, of course, very well, very well,' he said, waving his arm, 'what is that you want?' 'Oh,' Isabelle seemed to hesitate for the slightest of moments, 'well you see, I'd just wondered if perhaps you'd seen my cat?' The station Inspector gave her a look of total bewilderment. 'Your cat?' he repeated, suddenly his dog that was minding the cage Hugo was in turned around and began to sniff the air. 'I'm afraid she got away from me,' Isabelle said, stepping onto the threshold of the office and looking around expectantly, 'she's quite harmless I assure you, but she's orange, well,' Isabelle gave a dry false laugh that made the station Inspector raise an eyebrow, 'she's ginger, sorry. Answer's to the name of Christina Rossetti...' 'Chris- err, Christina-' the station Inspector stumbled over his words. 'Rossetti,' Isabelle finished for him, making the station Inspector nod, 'after the famous poetess?' 'Yes I know who she is,' he said quickly, standing upright, 'I err... I love poetry, I do.' Isabelle was doing a magnificent job in distracting him - whilst the station Inspector had his back turned to him, Hugo had begun lock-picking his cage. 'She's wonderful isn't she?' Isabelle said with a wide smile, 'would you like me to recite some of her work?' 'No, no, that wouldn't be appropriate,' the station Inspector said carefully, 'we don't meddle with such things whilst we're working.' 'Oh I'm so sorry,' Isabelle said suddenly, looking ashamed of herself, 'I didn't mean to interrupt your work-' 'Oh it's alright, youngling,' he said, beaming proudly, 'just waiting for the police to pick up and take away this latest Orphan, see? He was caught stealing...' Isabelle could feel the sides of her mouth twitch as she surveyed the cage in which was now empty. She attempted to hesitate, put on a straight face, and then look back up to the station Inspector. 'Orphan?' she asked him in the most convincing manner possible. 'That one.' The station Inspector pointed as he looked around - and suddenly all the confidence he just had drain out of him. 'Bollocks,' he said, rushing to the other exit of the office, 'Maximilian, the boy's escaped! After him!' Isabelle smiled to herself, and then, just as she was turning to leave, she spotted something out of the corner of her eye. What appeared to be a small book of some kind - perhaps a notebook - had fallen from somewhere onto the floor near the cage in where Hugo had been kept. Ever the curious adventurer, Isabelle quickly crossed the room to pick it up and then just as quickly, she left, in case the station Inspector decided he would come running back in. ","Summary":" Tales of Thieves Rating: K Pairing: Hugo/Isabelle Summary- A short story that relates to the movie "},{"Movie":"Hugo","Title":"Coeur Volant","Author":"Cool And Creative Two","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8314681","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Thoughts -ISABELLE'S POV- The cool and chilly air of Paris kept Papa George and I moving quickly through the streets to the train station. It was another early morning, but I was sure that Hugo was already up and checking all the clocks in the station. It always amazed me at how quickly he could get around to each and every clock three or sometimes four times a day! I had always thought about having him show me how to wind the clocks so that I could maybe help him, but I knew that he could get it done faster by himself than I could if I helped. So, I sat back and told him grand stories as he worked. Oh, how rude of me, I haven't introduced myself! My name is Isabelle, Isabelle Méliès. I live with my godparents, George and Jeanne Méliès, in a lovely little place called Paris. About a year ago, I met a wondrous boy named Hugo Cabret, who uncovered great secrets of my Papa George and even of himself. Ever since then, Hugo and I have been sort of… inseparable. I mean, it's not like I like him or anything…. Well, actually, I guess it is that! It's exactly that. Hugo has opened my tiny little world up so much in the past year and… well, quite frankly, I'm very attracted to him, on so many that is besides the point. Hugo and I are both 13 now, and, as Papa George and Mama Jeanne said, we are 'strictly friends.' But… well, what Papa and Mama don't know won't hurt them, right? Hugo and I have only really 'kissed' once, and that's because I wanted to know what it felt like! And we've only had one harmless little sleepover, because my godparents had to go get supplies for the toy store and the Station Inspector said he'd look after us.. which he did, until Miss Lisette caught his attention with her flowers… Anyways, I spend most of my days with Hugo, learning from him and teaching him what I know. Papa George still runs the toy store, since he's still retired from film making, but every now and again he's asked to direct or write or even act! I come with him to the station everyday, to see Hugo and to help out when he needs me. That's the beauty of homeschooling; I read enough that Mama Jeanne doesn't need to teach me a lot. As I was saying, Thursday morning was a cold one. As we entered the station, I eyed every single clock to see if Hugo was in any of them. Even if I didn't see him, I know he'd see me and would eventually meet me around the toy store, where Papa George and I would have a croissant and some hot chocolate waiting for him. I shuddered with excitement of the day ahead of me, patting my bookbag, which was carrying the most delightful book that I couldn't wait to share with dear Hugo. We stopped at the toy store and I waited for Papa George to open up. My eyes wandered to the compartment where Hugo was usually emerging from, but I didn't see him. I frowned and turned back to Papa as he was walking into the toy store. \"No Hugo this morning?\" He asked, clearly not that concerned. I shrugged, unsure of where he could be. We ate our croissants in silence, watching as the morning train catchers caught their trains. By late morning I had finished the book I wanted to show Hugo. He still hadn't shown up, but this wasn't something dire. He had probably woken up late and had gone around to wind the clocks. I didn't mind, but I did want to see him soon. I decided to walk around the station and stretch my legs, maybe stop by the library and get a new book. I touched Papa George's arm to let him know I was going out, but he was already napping.[Chapter 2] Storytime It was around noon when Hugo's hand slipped into Isabelle's outside of the flower shop. A sly smile was shared between the two as he pulled her towards one of the tiny entrances to inside the walls. No words escaped either's mouth; ever since Isabelle got overly excited about one of her books and shouted through the tunnels, scaring everyone in the station, they'd made the rule that Hugo had to speak first when they crawled through the walls. They crawled through the door into his world, passing through secretly and silently until they reached the special spot that overlooked Paris and the Eiffel Tower. Isabelle sat leaning against the wall, positioning herself so that she could shift her gaze from the Paris skyline to Hugo's stunning blue eyes with just a slight movement of her head. She put her bag hesitantly on her lap, pulling out the book that she hadn't been able to exchange at the bookstore yet. She glided her fingers over the cover, eyeing Hugo, who was busying himself by winding the clock effortlessly. He then plopped down across from Isabelle, stretching his legs out in front of him. Hugo raised his eyes as her book. He could see the desperation in her face, the aching for him to ask about it, to say something. He chuckled, nodding towards it. \"What's that, then?\" Isabelle let out a sigh of relief and sat up excitedly. She crossed her legs and shoved the book in his face. \"Peter Pan! It's frightfully fascinating, written by J.M. Barrie. It's about a boy who didn't want to grow up…\" Her face was enlightened as she spoke, giving her detailed synopsis of the story. Hugo listened, as he always did, delighted by the way she spoke so passionately. She talked for a long time, keeping him entranced by the light in her normally dark eyes. When the clock struck 1, they were both exhausted. Isabelle reluctantly put the book away and stood as Hugo suggested lunch, giggling as her stomach growled. The gnawing in the back of her mind started again as he intertwined their fingers. A shock ran through both of them when they touched, but neither knew about the other. Following along, Isabelle gulped and watched as Hugo maneuvered through the walls. Their hands still connected, he helped her out of the hidden doorway and into the real world. The Station Inspector was with Madame Lisette, as usual, and Madame Emilie and Monsieur Frick's dogs were playing together outside the cafe. The inviting smell of ham and cheese croissants drew Hugo and Isabelle in, and Madame Emilie smiled when she saw them. \"Ahh, Isabelle, Hugo! Bonjour to you both. Care for some lunch? A spot of tea?\" She gestured to the table behind her, full of steaming croissants and dozens of filled teacups. Hugo nodded furiously, not speaking in fear of drooling from the scent. Isabelle laughed and squeezed his hand before letting go of it. \"Bonjour, Madame. Oui, I think we could both use some food. Could we have two H&C; croissants?\" Madame Emilie nodded graciously, handing them each a plate with a croissant and a warm cup of tea. \"On the house, loves. Have a seat wherever you like.\" Isabelle grinned. \"You're absolutely lovely! Thank you very much, Madame!\" They sat down at a booth near the band, happily filling their stomachs with the warm and delicious tea and croissants. The music grew livelier around 2 o'clock, and Isabelle could hardly sit still. \"C'mon, let's dance! Just one dance. Please? I'm really quite good! I could teach you! Please?\" She pleaded, too distracted by the dancing couples to notice that Hugo had already agreed four times. He rolled his eyes and grabbed her hand, pulling her up towards the dance floor.[Chapter 3] Dancing -HUGO'S POV- Isabelle giggled gleefully as we waltzed around with the other couples, moving gracefully with the music. She was, in fact, very good at dancing, and had taught me in no time. I smiled as the music carried us around, watching her eyes twinkle as she laughed. Okay, so I have a crush on Isabelle. Who wouldn't? We've been pretty much inseparable since I met her. She's my best friend, and, well, she's absolutely beautiful. Everything about her, her eyes that are as dark as night, her illuminating smile, her now much longer, golden hair, the way she laughs, the way she tells stories, even the way she moves, everything about her is flawless. Then there was that one night, the night she stayed in the flat in the station with me. She had kissed me and… it was like the fireworks had flipped a switch inside of me that I didn't know existed. No matter how much I wanted to, though, I couldn't kiss her again. Papa George and Mama Jeanne have both made their feelings on us 'being together' very clear. They think we're too young and too naive for any sort of relationship but….I mean, I think we'd be perfect. We see each other all the time, we teach each other, we're practically already together, but we've only kissed once. But since Papa George and Mama Jeanne have been so helpful and caring towards me, I can't go against them. However….what they don't know can't hurt them, right? Anyway, dancing with Isabelle now reminded me of how much I adored her. She was so gentle, so delicate in her movements. Her hand was soft in mine, the other perched on my shoulder whilst I held her waist. We seemed to be growing closer to each other, as if we were magnets (I've noticed this happening a lot lately..). With one swift movement, we could be kissing… The music died down and we were left inches apart on the dance floor. Isabelle blushed furiously and ran to thank the musicians for a lovely time as she always did, shaking every hand that was outstretched to her. She crossed back to me and, without meeting my gaze, pulled me out of the cafe. -ISABELLE'S POV- I was still flushed from how close our lips had been. I would've gotten carried away if the music hadn't cut off. I knew Papa George would probably be awake by now and wonder where we were, so I distracted myself from Hugo's hypnotizing eyes by tugging him along to the toy store, where I knew the presence of Papa George would keep us from even touching. We entered the store from behind, and I greeted Papa, who was fixing a few things up. Hugo immediately took his spot behind the desk, relieving Papa George of his perch. The afternoon train would be coming in soon, which meant possible business. I kept my eyes off of Hugo, afraid that Papa would suspect something, which he usually did. He crossed to me and smiled warmly. \"I see you found him, then. I've just received a message from Jeanne that said that we've been invited to a show tonight, but only two seats were reserved and it's too late to change.\" He tsked and looked at her apologetically. \"So you will have to stay with someone, maybe Lisette or..\" My breath caught in my throat as images from the last time I had to stay somewhere overnight flashed through my mind in milliseconds. \"I, I could stay with Hugo again, I'm sure the Station Inspector wouldn't mind at all.\" I could see Hugo's head turn slightly at the sound of his name, a trace of a smile on his lips as he caught my eye. I bit my lip subtly and watched as Papa George thought this over. \"Yes, I suppose so, everything was fine last time you did..\" Isabelle nodded furiously, touching his arm lightly. \"And everything will be fine this time. Do you want to speak to the Inspector?\" Papa George pursed his lips, then met Isabelle's puppy dog gaze. He smiled and shook his head, saying, \"No, I'll let you explain to him. You're better with words, dear.\" Isabelle giggled, shrugging. Papa George kissed her head and turned back to Hugo. \"Don't get into any trouble tonight, you two. I won't regret this, right?\" Hugo and Isabelle answered in unison, \"Of course not.\"[Chapter 4] Chemistry -HUGO'S POV- As Papa George spoke, I felt my insides bubble up with excitement. Who knew what adventures we'd partake in? When we were alone, something exciting always happened. Maybe we'd go see a movie, see the Eiffel Tower, explore the new bookstore down the street, hold hands while we walk down the street, cuddle in my apartment- Wait. No, she didn't want to do that stuff. The lovey-dovey stuff, she wasn't up for it. Right? At least, that's the way she acted… around her godparents. My mind was clouded with confusion as Papa George stepped out of the toy store, bidding us a goodnight as he headed home to prepare for his night out. I felt Isabelle behind me and turned my head, meeting her preoccupied gaze and smiling a little. She sighed. \"Guess we're on our own again.\" I grinned. \"Guess so. Let's hope the Station Inspector doesn't ruin our.. good time, yeah?\" I wasn't usually this… what would Isabelle say, libertine?, but the restless butterflies in my stomach stirred me. She rolled her eyes, but I could see the outline of a smile on her heart shaped lips. Oh, how I longed to feel those heart shaped lips. \"Whatever, Hugo, just finish up in the shop and I'll meet you at closing time with supper. Okay?\" I nodded, turning back to my work. The store closed early on Thursdays, anyway. Dunno why, but at the moment I didn't care. I got to spend the night with Isabelle. Again. Life couldn't get better. -ISABELLE'S POV- Well, there was no going back now. I had suggested it, and I had to live with it. No matter how much I wanted to live by Mama Jeanne and Papa George's wishes, Hugo just lured me in with his eyes and his voice and his everything. Hopefully tonight I could get some of this.. this ardor out of my head. This is what I thought of as I crossed the station to get to the flower stand. I needed someone to talk to, and Lisette had been like an older sister to me for the past year. I saw her cleaning up a little, obviously getting ready for the next load of passengers from the evening train to unload. She smiled when I walked up. \"Isabelle! How lovely to see you, dear. How are you today?\" I shrugged, biting my lip. \"Well, Lisette, I should be ecstatic, I suppose. Papa George has decided to let me stay here with Hugo again for the night since he and Mama Jeanne will be out all hours today, but.. I can't be around that boy without fighting the urge to.. to osculate him!\" Lisette's eyebrows furrowed at this word, but she quickly came to terms with it and nodded knowingly. \"Isabelle, darling, if you really like this boy, which you obviously do, you can't let your godparents keep you from him. Besides, I'm sure they know how happy he makes you, they couldn't possibly want to stand in the way of your happiness.\" She smiled and patted my shoulder. I sighed, knowing she was right. Hugo and I had this undeniable chemistry, and I couldn't fight it. Mama Jeanne would be understanding, but I wasn't so sure about Papa George. Mama Jeanne would make him see, she'd make him understand. I thanked Lisette, who gave me a bright purple flower and sent me on my way. I wandered back towards the door we had entered earlier to get to the clocks, sliding down the wall. My mind was filled with a thousand poems, all full of magical words that made this crazy situation seem so normal. I sighed and closed my eyes, my lips forming the words of Ash Bennett that blurred through my mind. I don't remember, any more, Your scent, when we lay together Creating our own Magic rhythm, Matching our heartbeats as we Touched the sky, together. I don't remember, any more, The sound of your voice, calling My name as though It were a song Within itself, a precious treasure You valued with all your being. And I don't remember, any more, The color of your eyes, the shape Of your lips, Only… How your eyes crinkled at the corners And your laugh, as you told me... My eyes shot open as my lips formed the next three words. I could feel my heart racing wildly as I cleared my head, grabbing the wall to stand up. The sound of a thousand feet stomped through the air as the evening train unloaded. I stumbled through the crowd, unsure of what was wrong with me. Love? It was such a crazy idea that I only read about. I gulped and tried to calm myself as strangers pushed past me, trying to get a grasp on reality and get back to the toy store. The crowd was immense and I could barely breathe. They pushed in on me and I wove through quickly, trying to escape. I thought I heard Hugo's voice nearby and searched desperately for his familiar eyes, but couldn't see him.I twisted my neck trying to catch his voice in my ear again, but failed. Squeezing my fists tighter, I pushed on. My breathing was irregular and I tried to steady it as I grew closer to my destination. The crowd was still rumbling through and I almost lost it before I felt a pair of warm hands pull me out of the sea of people.[Chapter 5] Flashback Isabelle was pulled out of the overbearing crowd swiftly by two familiar hands, guided away from the loud swells of people. A pair of bright blue eyes studied her worriedly, trying to shake her out of her terrified hypnosis. Hugo's voice finally broke through the fearful glaze and Isabelle's dark eyes caught his intent gaze, and she fell into him with a sigh of relief. He copied the noise and hugged her close, cautiously moving her to a more secluded and quiet location. She steadied herself and returned the hug, closing her eyes and burying her face into Hugo's shoulder as she wound her arms around his neck. Breathing in his scent, Isabelle let Hugo hold her up as she recollected the last time they had been this close. It was that night, the first time they had spent the night together. It had all started out so normally… A few weeks earlier… \"No, really, It's fascinating, exhilarating! It'll open your mind, really make you think. Aldous Huxely is an absolute geni-\" \"Isabelle, really, I'm sure there are far more interesting things to read about than the human subconscious. Things like… well, magic, for example!\" \"Magic? Hugo, you're already brilliant with magic, what more could you rea-\" \"There's no limit on magic, Isabelle!\" \"Would you stop interrupting me!\" This was the usual banter between Hugo and Isabelle. She was trying to convince him to read 'Brave New World', one of the newest additions to the library, but he wouldn't budge. He was still glued to Robin Hood, though he had read it countless times. But tonight wasn't the usual. Tonight was different, because Hugo and Isabelle were usually arguing like this in the clock tower, wasting time before she had to head home with her godfather. Instead of being at the highest point of the station overlooking Paris, they were hidden deep within the walls in Hugo's apartment overlooking Paris. Isabelle sat on Hugo's bed in her nightdress, and Hugo sat in his chaise in warm fleece pants and a loose sweater. Tonight, Isabelle was staying. Papa George and Mama Jeanne had left her with the Station Inspector and Lisette while they traveled for supplies, but they didn't know that their 'babysitters' had had plans for a date that night, leaving Isabelle with Hugo. They surely knew that Isabelle would have stayed in the apartment anyway, the only detail they'd be missing was that they'd be alone all night. Anyways, they sat bickering together for a while longer until Isabelle rolled her eyes and gave up. Hugo laughed as she slipped under the warm blankets and turned toward the wall. \"Aw, Iz, don't be like that. I'll read it… one day. I promise!\" He stood and stretched up, smiling as she sat up with a huge grin. \"Really? Because you really should! It's so-\" He interrupted her again. \"Yes, yes, eventually, I will.\" She scoffed, shaking her head as he rudely cut her off once more. She watched as he looked around, trying to figure out where to lay down. \"You can climb in with me, Hugo, it'd be warmer. I don't mind.\" She shrugged, biting the inside of her lip. He gulped silently and nodded, shuffling forward. \"Yeah, I suppose that's best..\" He sat on the edge of the bed, blowing out the candle and sighing as the moonlight danced around the room. Isabelle sighed at the lovely sight. \"It's so wonderful up here, Hugo, why don't we spend more time here?\" She asked, turning towards him as he got under the covers. He shrugged, smiling at her. \"I dunno, there aren't many adventures to have up here.\" Isabelle's bright smile faltered a little as her mind filled with her daily dreams of Hugo seeing him laying down and smiling up at her. \"Um.. Well, I mean, sometimes it's nice to.. to have a relaxing adventure.\" Hugo chuckled. \"What kind of adventures can you have cooped up in a room like this?\" He licked his lips and raised his eyebrows, meeting her twinkling dark eyes. She watched his wet his lips and shrugged, feeling her face heat up slightly. \"Well… I mean, a lot of things, Hugo. Isn't there… well, y'know, isn't there any.. kissing in the book? In Robin Hood? That's an adventure..\" She let out a staggered breath, watching for a reaction from Hugo. He only furrowed his brow. \"Well, sure, Maid Marian and Robin Hood get married and kiss and… Kissing is an adventure? How is that?\" Isabelle chuckled a little. \"Haven't you ever felt the butterflies, Hugo?\" He was about to ask what she was on about, but then looked up at her. She was gazing at him with sparkling eyes, golden blonde hair draped over her shoulder. Her heart shaped lips were in that crooked little smile and he felt them. The butterflies. They sprung to life in his stomach and he gulped, nodding. \"That's the same feeling we had when we snuck into the movie theater, and when we jumped in that carriage, and all those adventures we had. Maybe it was a little different then, but it's the same.. sensation.\" She sighed and looked down at her hands. \"At least.. I think it is.\" Hugo sat up, leaning on his hands. \"You think?\" He rose his eyebrows. \"Don't you know?\" Isabelle shrugged and he widened his eyes in disbelief. \"But.. you know everything!\" She laughed and shook her head, pushing on his arm playfully. \"Shush, I do not! I've never had the.. experience!\" Hugo laughed and shrugged. \"Why not?\" Isabelle blushed. \"I.. I dunno, I just never have!\" She eyed him. \"..Why are you so curious?\" Hugo shrugged again, and it was his turn to blush. \"I don't know, I guess.. well, I guess I want to.. experience it, too.\" Isabelle's throat dried up and she gulped, biting her lip. \"We.. We could try it, I guess..\" Hugo looked at her almost excitedly. \"Could we?\" She smiled and nodded, scooting closer to him. He grinned and sat up fully, leaning towards her. His enthusiasm made her giggle as she met him halfway, both of them pausing a centimeter from each other's lips. She could feel his warm breath on her skin and took in his sweet and familiar smell… Isabelle stepped back from Hugo after she pulled herself together, smiling at him. \"Thanks,\" She said, blushing slightly. She hadn't had a break down like that since.. well, since over a year ago. Hugo nodded and took her hand like always, pulling her along towards the library. \"Yeah, let's just get you back in your element. Then we can go get some dinner, okay?\" Isabelle smiled and followed him. He knew just how she ticked.[Chapter 6] Kissing Hidden deep inside the library, Isabelle's eyes were bright and wide as they shifted over the vast expanse of books she had yet to read. Hugo sat on the step on the ladder and watched as she opened one, smiling as she glanced over at him. \"You don't have to stay, you know.\" He shrugged and leaned his chin into his hands, letting his elbows rest on his knees. \"I know.\" He smiled and Isabelle smirked, turning a page in her book. Hugo watched her eyes drift over the page and stood up, peeking over her shoulder. \"What's the book about?\" She smiled and pointed to a picture of a string of islands. \"The Bahamas! Perfect paradise.\" She giggled and showed him some pictures of native flowers and gorgeous beaches. \"It's so lovely.\" She sighed, so lost in the islands that she unconsciously leaned her back against Hugo's chest. He gulped slowly and moved his hands, hesitantly hovering them over her waist. Cautiously, he let his hands rest on her hips, biting his lip as he felt her gasp. She turned her head, unaware of how close they were. Eyes wide, Isabelle glanced between Hugo's eyes and his lips, her own heart-shaped ones slightly parted. She gulped and closed the book slowly, about to give in to Hugo and let it fall to the ground when a loud knocking came from the window. Whirling around, Hugo let go of Isabelle, who was blushing like mad. The Station Inspector stood at the library window, waving to them and then beckoning someone toward him from his right. Lisette popped up out of nowhere and squinted through the glass to wave at them. She held up a paper bag excitedly, pointing to it and mouthing, \"Dinner!\" After a satisfying dinner of warm chicken soup and soft rolls in the Inspector's office, he sent Hugo and Isabelle out to the apartment. Lisette complied and ushered them out, winking at Isabelle. They seemed to have their own plans for tonight and looked very eager to be alone.. Both shuddering at whatever they had planned, Hugo and Isabelle navigated silently through the walls to the flat, deep in thought and thinking of what they were going to say to each other. But when they closed the large metal door to the apartment, they started speaking at the same time. \"Look-\" \"Hugo,-\" They smiled sheepishly at each other and chuckled, Hugo urging Isabelle to speak first. She shuffled in her spot, taking a deep breath before she spoke. \"Hugo, I'm sorry I've been so.. weird lately. I just.. I can't stop thinking about the last time we spent the night together.\" She looked down at her hands. \"I can't stop thinking about.. you.\" Hugo pushed off of the chair he was leaning against with vigor, unable to contain his happiness. Did she really just say that? He crossed the floor to where Isabelle stood, lifting her chin. \"Isabelle, you took the words right out of my mouth. I can't even describe how much I've wanted to.. to kiss you since..\" \"So.. why don't you?\" Hugo's eyes widened as Isabelle looked at him with her deep, dark eyes, her long eyelashes beckoning him closer. His lips twitched to a smile as he studied her face, shrugging slightly. She shuffled a step closer, licking her lips and biting her bottom one. He gulped and moved his hand from her chin to cup her cheek, the other gently grasping her hip. She smiled as he leaned toward her, their lips meeting tentatively but desperately. A long but simple kiss full of sparks and fireworks and shocks and stars was ended by Isabelle pushing Hugo back towards his bed. He rose his eyebrows, face slightly red and lips twirked up in a smirk. His knees hit the side of the bed and he tumbled onto the mattress, laughing at Isabelle who fell next to him. \"You're just full of surprises today, aren't you?\" Isabelle giggled and faced toward him, shrugging. She pressed her lips against his again, sitting up and pulling him with her. She gently tugged on his hair, smiling as she felt his fingers dance up and down her back. She giggled as he swiped her bottom lip with his tongue, practically begging for entry. They tangled themselves in the sheets, lips and tongues battling for dominance. Hugo pulled away for a moment as he held himself over Isabelle with his forearms on either side of her head. He smiled at her and kissed her nose, falling to her side. He brushed their fingers together, watching her bite her lip as she turned to face him. She laughed as he stared at her, an amazed look on his face. \"What?\" She asked, poking him in the chest. He laughed. \"Nothing… you're just.. never mind.\" He smirked and lay on his back. Isabelle gaped at him. She scoffed and tickled his side, scooting closer to him. She straddled his chest, crossing her arms and cocking her eyebrow. \"Tell me or I won't move.\" He laughed. \"I don't have a problem with that..\" He grinned and squeezed her hips, leaning up to kiss her. She squealed and pushed him back down, holding him against the bed. \"No! No more until you tell me what you were gonna say.\" He sighed, smiling as he looked up at her. \"You're beautiful, Isabelle. Gorgeous, really. Absolutely perfect. In every way.\" She sat back, shocked and blushing. Hugo shrugged and leaned up to kiss her cheek. \"Satisfied?\" He whispered, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear. She nodded, hugging him tightly and kissing his neck sweetly. She slipped off of him and cuddled in next to him under the sheets, intertwining their fingers. She looked up at him for a moment. \"You know, you're pretty damn perfect yourself.\" He chuckled. \"Am I?\" Isabelle nodded and kissed him softly. \"Yes. You really are.\" She laid her head back on his chest and smiled as he held her close, with the dim light of the apartment lulling them to sleep. Fin ","Summary":" Thoughts -ISABELLE'S POV- The cool and chilly air of Paris kept Papa George and I moving quickly th"},{"Movie":"Hugo","Title":"The Clock's Boy","Author":"queenfire","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7978644","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Once upon a time, there was a little boy who lived in a train station. His name was Hugo Cabret. No one knew he lived there. No one knew him. He was alone, he had no human friends. He only had an automaton. He spent a lot of time working hard to repair the automaton, but there was something missing. So, to repair the automaton, Hugo stole gears and other metal pieces, from the toy shop. The shopper was an old man. Hugo imagined that the man couldn't see him stealing, because he was sleeping, but the olde man was playing a trick. He was observing the boy and he didn't want to scare him. But he also knew that, one day, he needed to confront the boy with his activities. The days were going by and the boy's routine was always the same. He worked hard to make the clocks working well, all day, all the time. If the clocks were working, he was safe. No one would know that was a little boy who was doing that work, an adult's hard work. It was Monday. He jumped from his bed and looked at the automaton. \"Hello! How are you today?\" Hugo asked. The automaton didn't say a word. \"Today I'll bring you more pieces. I'll make you work!\" He dressed and left the room. In walked through the walls and spied the toy's shop. He was spying behind the numbers of the hall clock. When he saw the man falling asleep he turned back and walked to the ventilator. He opened it and got out of the walls. With lots of calm, he walked to the toy shop and tried to grab a toy. But the man opened his eyes and looked at Hugo, grabbing his arm. \"Let me go! Let me go!\" the boy screamed. \"Not! You've been stealing my shop for a long time. Now, tell me. What do you want, little thief?\" Hugo tried to escape, but he couldn't. \"Please, let me go! You're hurting me!\" \"Tell me, thief!\" \"I'm no thief!\" said Hugo. \"So tell me…\" said the old man. \"I'm making an important thing. You are screwing my job! Let me go, I will come back later, I promise!\" \"A thief, making promises?\" laughed the old man. \"I'm no thief!\" turned Hugo. \"Okay, I'll let you go. But I want to see you again.\" \"I said so.\" And he let Hugo go. When Hugo was turning a hall he collided with a girl. She fell on the floor before Hugo could react and grab her hand. \"Oh, so sorry…\" said the boy, giving her his hand. She grabbed Hugo's hand and rose from the floor. \"No problem. I'm fine. Thank you.\" Hugo smiled. \"I have never seen you here before. Who are you?\" she asked. \"I'm Hugo. And you?\" \"My name is Isabelle. I'm Papa George's goddaughter. The man from the toy shop. You were coming from there, before you made me fall.\" \"Yes, I was talking with your godfather. I have a deal with him.\" \"Oh! Tell me, what is it?\" she exclaimed. \"I don't think that is a good idea…\" started Hugo, but she cut his words. \"No! Please, tell me! I'm very curious and I want you to tell me…please…\" Hugo whispered and said: \"Okay…I tell you.\"[Chapter 2] She was looking at him very closely. Hugo was getting in trouble with it, because he was not used to see people staring at him like that. \"Your godfather wants to talk with me because he found that I'm stealing things from the shop.\" \"Are you a thief?\" asked Isabelle. \"I'm no thief! I need to do something. Sorry.\" And he stared to walk. \"Wait! Hugo!\" But he didn't stop. She went after him, but he started runing. \"Hugo! HUGO!\" she screamed. But he didn't care. He entered the walls and she did it to. Hugo was still running, but he thought that she wasn't going after him. He entered his room and fell on the bed. He looked to the automaton and whispered: \"Oh, my friend…you are the only who understands me…\" and he started to cry. The automaton moved his head and looked to Hugo. \"Don't cry, little boy. I'm your friend. I'm here with you. Don't fear, you are not alone.\" He said, not moving his mouth. Hugo screamed in fear. \"Don't fear, Hugo. I won't hurt you. I'm your friend.\" \"You are talking! How is it possible?\" asked Hugo, in panic. \"I'm your friend. I can talk with you…don't fear me, Hugo.\" Hugo let his tears start to fall again and hugged the automaton. \"I'm so alone…I don't have friends…only you…no one likes me, no one cares about me…I'm so alone, I'm so afraid…\" \"I know Hugo. I know. And I have a gift for you.\" \"A gift? What gift?\" asked Hugo. \"HUGO! ARE YOU IN THERE?\" asked Isabelle, knocking at the room's door. \"She is there! Oh no…\" whispered Hugo. \"Don't let her in, Hugo. She will destroy my gift.\" Said the automaton. Hugo looked at him, confused. \"I can't let her there. She will get lost in the walls…she didn't do anything wrong to me. She can be a friend…\" \"No one will be your friend but me.\" Said the automaton. \"But…\" \"Please…\" Hugo left the automaton and walked to the door. \"Isabelle? What are you doing here?\" he asked. \"I wanted to know more about you. You are so mysterious Hugo…I needed to know more.\" \"You call me a thief. I'm no thief.\" \"Okay, I'm sorry. Sorry…\" \"I forgive you…\" said Hugo. Isabelle hugged him. Hugo blushed. \"Friends?\" she asked. \"Friends.\" \"I'm so happy! I always wanted to have a friend like you! A mysterious friend!\" she smiled, very happy and proud. Then she looked at the automaton. \"What is that?\" \"It's an automaton. It's my friend.\" \"Oh! So beautiful! What does he do?\" \"I don't know yet…I think I need a key. A key in a shape of a heart.\" She looked at his light blue eyes. \"Oh…\" she said \"I guess I need to go now. Sorry.\" \"Did I say something wrong?\" asked Hugo. \"No, of course not! It's just me. Please, there is nothing wrong with you. You are perfect.\" She kissed him on the cheek and left the room, closing the door. \"Do you know the way out?\" shouted Hugo. \"YES!\" she answered. Hugo turned to the automaton. \"She didn't hurt me. She is my friend.\" \"She will destroy you, Hugo! Don't trust her. Please…\" \"Don't be silly. She is so good for me.\" \"No, she is not. She doesn't like you. Let me give you the gift before she comes back.\" Hugo smiled, very happy because of the gift. \"Please, tell me what is it?\" asked him. \"You need to give me your hand. You need to feel my heart, my vibrations. You need to be with me. I will give you my friendship gift.\" Hugo put his hand on the automaton's hand and smiled. \"And now?\" \"Are you feeling me?\" Hugo nodded. The automaton screamed in a strange language and Hugo froze in fear. He tried to let the automaton's hand, but he couldn't. He wanted to escape from the automaton. And then he started to hear a clock. The clock was playing a song. Tic toc tic toc tic toc tic toc… Hugo looked at his chest. The sound was coming from inside his chest! He screamed with fear. \"Don't be afraid Hugo, now you are like me.\" Hugo looked at the automaton and then looked at his hands. They were getting grey and rusty. His legs were changing to metal. All his body was changing into metal! He was transforming into an automaton! \"PLEASE! STOP, I DON'T WANT TO BE LIKE YOU!\" he screamed. But the automaton did not answer. \"ISABELLE! PLEASE, HELP ME!\" he cried. He was changing…[Chapter 3] \"Let me go! Let me go! You are not my friend! Let me go!\" Hugo shouted at the automaton. The automaton was mute. No sound was coming from him. \"Please, please! Let me go! I'm nothing to you!\" Hugo was now crying. The automaton spoke: \"Now you will be here with me forever. We are both automatons. No one will be your friend but me.\" \"What do you want!\" \"I wanted an automaton friend. I never had one.\" \"But I'm not an automaton! I'm a boy, a human boy…I'll get sick if I stay like this\" cried Hugo. \"No harm will happen to you.\" \"ISABELLE!\" \"She is not listening. No one will.\" \"Let me go…please, please…\" The automaton said yes. \"You can't get out of here. No one will talk to you. Everyone will fear you. She will run away. But you are free to be here. You can lie on the bed, if you want.\" Hugo looked at the bed. Then looked at his feet, his legs, his hands. He was an automaton. With clothes and hair. \"What will I feel?\" asked him. \"If someone hurts you, you will feel pain. Like a human. You don't feel thirst or hungry. You need to sleep. You need love and friendship.\" \"And what can make me back to normal?\" \"Normal? But you are normal!\" exclaimed the automaton. \"I meant, like I was some moments before. A boy.\" \"Ah…you'll never be like that again. But now you don't need to be a thief anymore! Think positive!\" \"Never…again?\" whispered Hugo. \"There is one thing. Only one, but I'll not tell you.\" \"Please…\" \"No is no.\" said the automaton. So Hugo walked to the bed and lied down. He started to cry. He imagined Isabelle. She was dancing on the station, with other girls. They were learning to dance. Hugo walked towards them and asked her to dance. Isabelle smiled and gave her hand. He took her hand and moved across the floor, leading her into the dance. They danced a beautiful dance, a magical dance. They were almost flying across the floor! The other girls were happy to see them, like everyone in the station. And then he saw the automaton. He was looking to him. His dark eyes were envy. He desired to be him in the dance, with Isabelle. He never had a girl. And he wanted one. If he couldn't, Hugo wouldn't have one too! Hugo whispered in Isabelle's hear: \"I'm sorry…I'm so sorry…\" \"Why?\" she asked. \"I'm sorry…\" and he started to transform into an automaton. \"HUGO!\" she shouted, full of terror \"WHAT'S THIS? HUGO, NOOOO!\" Isabelle hugged Hugo and shook him, but he was not a boy anymore. The tears were falling across her face. The other girls run away, as everyone in the station. Only Isabelle and Hugo were there. Even the automaton was gone. \"HUGO!\" she cried \"HUGO, PLEASE, HELP HIM! PLEASE! SOMEONE!\" But the station was empty. … \"DON'T LEAVE ME!\" shouted Hugo. He was dreaming. He was still on the bed in his room, with the automaton seated on the chair. \"Do not shout!\" argued the automaton. \"Sorry…\" And then Hugo noticed one thing. He didn't was like the automaton in some things…he could move his mouth. He took his hands to his eyes. He's eyes were not like the black ones of the automaton. Hugo's eyes were still in the same shape! He jumped from the bed and went to the mirror. He looked at his image. He was silver and rusty. Some parts were golden. He had hair, dark hair. And his eyes were still blue. And he could move his mouth. \"I'm not like you.\" He said. \"Of course not, you are unique. I'm unique. We are not a real automaton. You are transformed into one.\" \"So, I can eat and drink…\" \"Do not try to! You will end up bad.\" \"Why?\" \"Automaton's do not drink or eat.\" \"But I'm not a real automaton, so…\" \"I said \"no!\"\". Hugo nodded and set down on the sofa.[Chapter 4] The days passed. Hugo was in his room for days. He didn't know what to do. He was a prisoner in there. The clocks were all wrong now. He couldn't go to work in the clocks. The automaton said that, he could try to escape, so Hugo couldn't go. In his heart, Hugo was not sad with that. I wished in silence that, if Isabelle noticed the wrong hours in the clocks, she would see that something was going wrong with him. So he was waiting to see her entering the room. He talked with the automaton. They shared some topics about automatons and about the world. \"We are in Paris, France. The city is very beautiful, full of light and glamour. We are in the train's station. A train is a vehicle. It helps people to go to places. And I rule the clocks of the station.\" Said Hugo. The automaton was happy with the conversation. \"I wanted to see everything I used to see, when I was with my maker. He was nice to me. I was a gift to his wife and she got very happy when she saw me. She was very glad. I wanted to see them again…\" Hugo whispered: \"I could help you, but I'm here every day. That makes the things very difficult. Return me to my real form and I will find your maker. I promise you!\" \"That is not possible, my friend…I don't know where he is. And you don't know, as well.\" \"But I could try!\" The automaton said \"no\". \"But…it's true! I could find him…\" \"Maybe, one day. Not now.\" Said the automaton. Hugo remembered something they had talked some days before. \"You said I can't drink or eat…\" \"Yes. If you do so, you would ruin your system and die.\" \"And, if that happens, will I become human again?\" \"No. You'll die forever. Only changing you in time would save you.\" Hugo wanted to get out of there, but he knew he couldn't go like an automaton. Everyone would run away in fear. So he waited and waited for Isabelle. And one day, someone knocked on the door. Hugo looked at the automaton. \"Don't do it.\" Hugo was lying on his bed. \"Please…let me open it…\" But there was no need to have permission. The door opened itself. Isabelle entered in the room with a lamp and a hairpin and a bag of things on the other hand. She was a little afraid, because the room was dark. \"Hugo?\" she whispered, walking through the room. When she saw him on the bed she moved quicker. \"Hugo, are you ok?\" she looked at him and froze in fear. She put the lamp on the little table, as the bad and the hairpin and touched Hugo's face. \"NOOO! WHAT ARE YOU?\" she screamed in fear. Hugo's eyes were dazing to her. \"Isabelle, it's me. I'm Hugo.\" \"But, you are like him!\" she pointed to the automaton. \"No…I'm still Hugo. Forgive me…Oh, I'm so sad…\" \"Why are you lying on the bed? Are you hurt?\" \"Oh, no…\" he said, rising. \"Seeing you like that, lying on the bed, was pretty chocking. Like in a fairytale. A dead prince, lying, waiting for the princess to come and help him.\" Said Isabelle, smiling at him. \"But, if the prince is dead, what will the princess do?\" asked Hugo. Isabelle hugged Hugo, crying. \"Oh, wait! And if the prince was not dead?\" he whispered on her hears. \"Not dead?\" she asked, whispering too. \"Not dead. I'm still here, Isabelle. Help me. He made me like this. He transformed me, because he wanted me to be like him. Help me Isabelle. I want to be a boy again. I want to be the clock's boy again…\" he whispered. \"What can I do to help you?\" she asked, in the same level of voice. \"He told me one thing: I can't drink or eat. If I do so, it will destroy my mechanism and kill me.\" \"Hugo!\" \"Wait…then he said that, if that happens, the human part of me will die as well, if I couldn't change to human in time.\" \"Do you know how to change?\" she asked. \"No. I believe only he can do that. And believe he wouldn't let me die. He likes me, he is my friend. And I promised to find his maker. He will transform me again into the human boy. I'm sure, Isabelle!\" \"And if that doesn't work?\" \"It will work.\"[Chapter 5] Isabelle looked into Hugo's eyes and nodded. \"You know that could not be like you are thinking…\" she said. \"I don't want to be an automaton. I don't want to die.\" Hugo said. \"But…and if he doesn't change you in time?\" turned Isabelle. \"Let's try.\" The automaton was mute and seated in his chair. Isabelle took a bottle of water from the bag and said: \"Let's drink some water, Hugo.\" Hugo looked at the automaton. \" Don't do that Hugo!\" said the automaton. \"I…I don't…\" started Hugo. \"Please, you must drink something.\" Turned Isabelle, taking Hugo to the bed. \"I can't…\" said Hugo, seating. Isabelle put her hand on his chest and made him lie down on the bed. \"Do I need to put the water down your mouth?\" she asked. Hugo laughed and Isabelle did it. The automaton looked at both, in chock. \" HUGO!\" he screamed. Hugo wasn't looking at him. His eyes were dazing into Isabelle's eyes. She was not crying, but he could see her fear. The water fell on his mouth and went to his throat. He could feel it inside him. It was making a weird noise: xxxchxxxhczziii … Isabelle took away the bottle. And he knew that was destroying his system. He could feel it very intensely. Tears started falling from his blue eyes. His mouth opened in fear and he screamed. \"NOOO!\" she shouted, crying. \"O…h…Isabelle…I think…I think…that it is killing…\" he whispered, in fear. Isabelle hugged him and rested her head on his chest. \"You cannot die! I won't let you die!\" she cried. Hugo looked at the automaton. \"Please…\" he begged. Isabelle looked at the automaton and begged: \"Oh, please, please, don't let him die!\" The automaton moved his head to look at them. \"What have you done?\" he asked. Isabelle cried: \"Nothing! I only gave him water…\" \"You destroyed him!\" he shouted. Isabelle couldn't believe. She looked at Hugo and saw him losing his breathe. \"Please, help him. You cannot let him die… You are his friend!\" she begged again. \"I cannot help him anymore. The time has passed away, I'm sorry.\" The automaton said, very sad. Isabelle turned to Hugo and held him on her arms, embracing him like if he was a little child listening to lullaby. She let her tears fell on his face. His eyes were still looking at her, he was alive. But she could feel him slipping away through her arms. \"My Hugo, my Hugo…\" she sang \"Oh, my dear Hugo…\" The boy closed his eyes for a moment, making his tears fall on her dress. \" And the prince was lying, dead and cold. The princess run towards him and hugged his body, crying. Her tears fell on his mouth like water. She was a princess with many powers, but she didn't know that. Her tears cure him. We was not dead, he was almost, but not dead. She smiled and laughed with joy when he opened his eyes. And kissed him.\" The tale sounded on her mind, like a leave falling on water. But she was no princess and she had no powers. She killed her friend. Hugo opened his blue eyes again and smiled at her. \"Always…\" he whispered.[Chapter 6] Isabelle was holding his hands. He was smiling at her with his blue eyes, but he was not seeing her. \"Please, automaton, help him.\" Isabelle asked, crying. \"It's too late now. His system is damaged. We can't do anything.\" Isabelle put a hand on Hugo's face. \"I'm so sorry…I was your friend… I never wanted to kill you…\" The automaton was looking at her. And at Hugo. He didn't want to see his only friend dead. The boy said that he could help him find his old master. Hugo was a good boy; he would help him find his master. He should help the boy. \"Isabelle?\" asked the automaton. The girl was crying on Hugo's face. \"Girl? Isabelle?\" She wasn't listening. \"Oh Hugo…you can't die…\" she cried. \"Isabelle!\" exclaimed the automaton, louder. The girl looked at him. \"He is not dead. He can't die, his not a human anymore. He is broken and he can be restored.\" Said the automaton. \"But, he is not an automaton. He is a boy, he is not like you and he will never be. You shouldn't have done this to him. He needs to live his own life, not yours…\" Isabelle cried. \"Do you think he would be happy to return to his human body?\" the automaton asked. \"I'm sure.\" Her eyes were dark and sad. The tears couldn't stop and she was hurt inside. \"I wish I could save you, my dear Hugo. I wish I had the power to make you feel better…\" Hugo smiled again; the tic tock of his clock singing in the atmosphere. \"Isab…elle… I'm sorry… I didn't want to cause you… trouble…\" the boy whispered. \"You're still here with me!\" smiled her. \"I… I… oh…\" his eyes focused on hers and stopped, for a little second. \"HUGO! OH, HUGO, NO!\" she cried, holding him. The automaton talked: \"Take me there, Isabelle, take me to Hugo!\" She rose and held the automaton. When he was near Hugo, he held his hand. \"He is still breathing…\" she said. The automaton closed his eyes and spoke in a strange language. Isabelle thought it was the language of automatons or magic. The tic tock was fading away. Isabelle opened his shirt and saw the clock (and all the other metal things inside the metal structure of his metal body). It was stopping… She put his hand on the clock and felt the ticking of it. It was like a song, Hugo's lullaby. And it was so beautiful. She knew she would remember that song forever… The Lullaby was covering the room. The sound was fading, but it was pure and brilliant. She thought if the train station could hear it. It was so profound. A silent melody, full of troubles. She could hear his life on it. All his adventures… and she could hear herself. It was in the last part of the song. She understood that the song had a motive. It begun in the past, when he was a baby, and would finish in that moment. Her notes were pure joy. The melody was telling that she was beautiful, happy and curious and that was everything Hugo wanted to find. She could hear friendship and something more… and the music was fading… The automaton screamed again, while the lullaby was fading. Isabelle was afraid. And then, everything stopped. She looked at the automaton, but he was mute. And something started on Hugo's body. The metal parts were fading, covered by bones and flesh. He was returning to his human body. Some moments later she was not touching a clock, but skin, and under the skin was his heart, beating. He was alive. And his eyes moved and saw her and the automaton. He opened his mouth and said: \"Isabelle? Automaton? Am I alive?\" Isabelle smiled, a huge smile, and hugged Hugo. The boy was a little weak, but he smiled back. \"I was so afraid, my little Hugo…How could you make me such thing? I feared for you…you were dying slowly while I was here…please, don't do that again…!\" Isabelle said. Hugo raised his hand and caressed her face. \"You are…so sweet…\" he said. Isabelle blushed. Hugo looked at his hand and saw his skin instead of metal. \"I'm a human! Oh…! How…how…?\" \"You were slipping away from us. I needed to concert you. The girl was crying and I saw that…I couldn't let you go. You are my only friend, and you can help me finding my master. And I like you.\" The automaton was looking intensely to Hugo. \"So, I need to thank you… for being alive. Thank, automaton. I'm happy to see you again and I will help you. I promise.\" Hugo was smiling while the automaton nodded. \"Thank you, automaton. You saved my friend.\" Isabelle said, smiling too. The automaton looked at both and said: \"You are everything to me. Both of you…I'm sorry. I never wanted to cause such trouble here…I couldn't imagine this. I only transformed you to have a friend like me, I never wanted to kill you. Please, forgive me.\" Hugo hugged the automaton. \"Of course I forgive you…\" And Isabelle hugged the automaton too and said the same. \"Of course! We're all friends.\" she said. And the music inside his heart was singing. And the melody was very happy and full of joy. ","Summary":" Once upon a time, there was a little boy who lived in a train station. His name was Hugo Cabret. No"},{"Movie":"Hugo","Title":"A New Invention","Author":"TheBFG","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7985801","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A New Invention Chapter 1: The Magician It was morning, and Hugo weaved through the bustling crowd at the train station. He had a new magic trick figured out, all by himself- of course, he was Professor Alcofrisbas, and magic tricks should be quite simple to him. Still, he was rather pleased with himself, and he set off to find Isabelle to show her this new trick. It'd been a month since Hugo had given his first public magic performance as the professor, and he was living with Isabelle and her godparents. Of course, he kept his daily job of winding the clocks, and Isabelle would come with him. Sometimes, he felt slightly annoyed when she would simply open up a volume of Sherlock Holmes as he sweated and wound the many clocks in the station. However, she read aloud, and Hugo enjoyed hearing the stories Isabelle had chosen on her frequent trips to the bookstore. He didn't bother complaining, since this was how he'd done it before he met Isabelle anyway. At least there's a bit of entertainment as he worked now. Papa Georges still kept his toy booth open, and he'd started making little toys based off of the eccentric, colorful characters in his film. Children and adults alike all went to the booth and it became a common destination for tourists. Whenever Hugo passed by, Papa Georges asked him if he could also sit behind the desk for a while and help him out. The booth had been expanded, and there were multiple lines waiting to get their hands on one of Méliès' accessories for A Trip to the Moon . Every time, Hugo would pick up a small contraption with the man on the moon and a rocket zooming straight into its right eye. Then, a minute later, a person would ask for the item, saying that it was the last one available. \"Greetings, Monsieur… Cabret,\" a voice said as Hugo emerged from the large throng of people. Hugo looked up. It was the Station Inspector with his dog, Maximilian, right by his side. His leg brace had been updated so that it was quieter, more flexible, and (most of all) made the Inspector much friendlier. \"Hello,\" Hugo said hesitantly. His first instinct had been to run, but he reminded himself that he was no longer alone. He had guardians and a friend- the Station Inspector had no right to chase him and lock him up. Max was rather obedient lately, so he probably realized that too. \"Where's Christina Rossetti?\" the Inspector asked. \"What?\" Hugo said, confused. \"Christina Rossetti,\" the Station Inspector repeated. \"Rossetti… you know, the poetry girl.\" \"You mean Isabelle?\" Hugo said. The Station Inspector must've remembered the poem that Isabelle had recited to draw attention from Hugo. The poem was by Christina Rossetti. Hugo was unsure of why he was having such a long conversation with the Inspector. It was a little strange for both people, since they were enemies a few months ago. \"I haven't seen her.\" \"Check the toy booth,\" the Inspector suggested awkwardly. \"She's probably helping out her- OY, YOU! YOU DIRTY LITTLE URCHIN, STAY WHERE YOU ARE!\" Hugo spun around as a filthy child grabbed someone's bag. He remembered the other orphan that'd stolen a paper bag and was locked up. The Inspector had shouted at him, \"Is that your paper bag? IS THAT YOUR PAPER BAG?!\" Hugo had never seen that orphan since. This orphan was quickly caught by the Inspector and Max, and the Station Inspector screamed the usual things. Hugo knew, though, that there would be hope for this orphan as the flower girl, Lisette, wandered over. The Inspector saw her, too, and let go of the orphan, quietly murmuring, \"Stay there,\" and he walked off to meet Lisette. Max whined but he had to follow. The orphan, stunned at his luck, took a few seconds before dashing off. Hugo grinned, turning around and heading to the toy booth. He had originally intended to go to the bookstore, but Isabelle had probably already been there- the clocks said that it was almost ten o' clock. Hugo reminded himself that as soon as he found Isabelle, they would go to what she called Hugo's \"covert lair\" and wind the clocks. Isabelle was just leaving as Hugo arrived at the toy booth. \"Good morning,\" she said cheerfully. Her godfather was well again, of course, and that made her even happier than she was before. \"Hello,\" Hugo greeted her. \"Do you want to make the trip around the clocks?\" \"Okay,\" Isabelle said. She held up a book that she'd tucked under her arm. \"There's a new book in the bookstore about Greek Mythology- I just got it!\" Clearly, Isabelle was as excited about her new book as Hugo was about his card trick. That's right, his card trick- he could show it to her when they entered the apartment that he used to live in. He still had an old pack of cards in there. \"I have a new card trick too,\" Hugo said. \"Would you like to see it?\" \"Oh, good,\" Isabelle said enthusiastically. \"I would love to see it.\" The children entered a vent on the side of a wall and walked through corridors, descending on a staircase, and sliding down a smooth, curved ramp. They arrived at a desk. \"That's where Papa Georges' automaton used to be,\" Isabelle remembered. Hugo recalled the many nights he spent trying to fix the mechanical man without the notebook. Much to his surprise, he had succeeded, allowing the machine to draw a picture that was originally by Papa Georges. The automaton is in Hugo's room in the apartment building that the Méliès family live in. Now, there was a dusty deck of cards. The children moved over the desk. Hugo picked up the cards. With a swift motion, he made the cards look brand new, the dust disappearing. Isabelle clapped as Hugo prepared to do his new trick. \"Isabelle, please pick a card,\" Hugo said in a dramatic voice, as if he was performing at a theater. Isabelle picked a king of hearts. Hugo took the card back and put it into his free hand. Then, he threw it up into the air. After a long time, the card finally descended from the ceiling. Hugo caught it, and said, \"Was your card a king of hearts?\" Isabelle nodded. Hugo slowly took out the card that he caught. He turned it around- Isabelle's eyes grew wide. The card was still a king of hearts. Isabelle was confused, but she had no time to say anything, because Hugo flipped the card again, and the king of hearts was replaced by the queen of hearts. \"Bravo! Quelles performances exceptionnelles !\" Isabelle laughed. Hugo grinned. And now, it was time to wind the 27 clocks in the station. Hugo added drops of oil to the gears and shafts of the clocks as Isabelle buried her head in her new Greek mythology book. Hugo paused every so often to listen and comment. \"… Heracles stepped forward, unarmed and unprotected as he wrestled his hooded, dark opponent. Death was not ever conquered by any common mortal, but Heracles was not a normal mortal. The two mighty beings reeled and struggled, until Death felt Heracles' unmatched grip crack his ribs. Death surrendered, finally defeated, and returned to the shadows and Hades' palace in defeat.\" Isabelle closed the book and left a bookmark between the pages where she stopped reading. \"Is the last clock done?\" she asked. \"Yes,\" Hugo answered, tired. He felt like Heracles after battling Death- exhausted, sore, and hungry. However, he felt happy that most of the clocks wouldn't need to be wound for a few days. \"Let's go get some lunch.\" Hugo was taught by Papa Georges about how to cash paychecks, and suddenly, Hugo was quite wealthy, as his deceased uncle's paychecks were all his. Some days, he would take Isabelle and occasionally Etienne, a kind boy older than Hugo with an eye patch, to the movies. Many of Papa Georges' movies were being rereleased, so Hugo and Isabelle made sure they saw every one of them. Hugo bought three croissants, one for him, one for Isabelle, and one for Papa Georges because he was too busy to buy lunch for himself. After delivering a croissant to Papa Georges, the two sat down as a waitress served some warm French onion soup. \"Thank you,\" Isabelle said politely. She paid for the soup with a coin and turned her attention to Hugo. \"So, what do we do after lunch?\" \"We could take a stroll around,\" Hugo suggested. \"Go to the movies, see a magic show… I'm sure Papa Georges has some ideas, we can ask him later.\" The two children finished their croissants and soup, heading towards the toy booth again. To their surprise, they found a disappointed crowd in front of the shop, and Papa Georges was looking very distressed. \"Everything is sold out!\" he muttered in Hugo's ear. \"What am I supposed to do?\" \"Maybe you can keep making toys.\" \"But if I keep making toys, what's going to keep the customers here?\" \"You can leave that to me,\" Hugo answered confidently. He whispered his plan to Isabelle, and just as the people were beginning to leave, Isabelle called out, \"Everyone, listen! Professor Alcofrisbas is making a performance right here at the toy booth! Come along, it's a free performance! Yes, that's right, gather around over there…\" Hugo took a deck of cards that looked like they weren't used for a few months, and he dusted them off with a flourish as usual. The crowd gasped, and Papa Georges smiled next to him, speedily making a windup rocket. Hugo was glad that he'd studied over a hundred magic tricks with cards, and even more without. He made cards rise up and float back down. He made a paper airplane spin around about thirty times before it started to fall. He even made a toy appear out of thin air (which was curiously identical to the toy Papa Georges had just finished, though everyone's attention was on Hugo and they took no notice of this) and sold it to the first person in line. Meanwhile, Isabelle was directing more and more people to the toy booth. After an hour of magic tricks, Hugo ran out of ideas. Fortunately, Papa Georges finally had enough toys to sell to the customers. He thanked Hugo and Isabelle and gave them a stack of coins. \"How about you spend an afternoon at the new museum that opened just down the street?\" he suggested, smiling. Then he turned back to the customers and continued to sell accessories to eager customers. Hugo led Isabelle through the sea of people and exited the train station through the double- doors into the warm, sunny street. It was summer, Hugo's favorite time of the year. Almost every day was an opportunity for adventure, but in the winter, the cold usually prevented Hugo from going outside. \"I see the museum, right down there!\" Isabelle pointed to a large building of white marble. When the children entered the building, they found that it was even larger than the Film Academy. Sunlight filtered through the roof of stained glass. The polished floor squeaked as many people walked across its gleaming surface. Hugo and Isabelle walked to the front desk and used the stack of coins Papa Georges gave them. The lady behind the desk accepted the coins, found some change, and said: \" Merci … Passez un bon moment! \" As Hugo continued on to the exhibits, he thought, Today's going to be a slightly different adventure![Chapter 2] Chapter 2: The Idea Hugo walked through the museum, glancing at the documents and items on display. Isabelle followed him and looked even more enthusiastic, for this was a literature exhibit. It covered subjects worldwide, and many manuscripts had translations. \"Hugo, look,\" Isabelle beckoned her friend to come over. A tattered manuscript that was turning slightly yellow was enclosed in a glass case. \"It's the original document of Shakespeare's Sonnets . Well, one of the few remaining, anyway.\" \"I found one of the stories by Jules Verne that my dad used to read to me,\" Hugo said. Isabelle walked over and saw \"20,000 Leagues Under the Sea\". \"Papa Georges made a film out of that!\" Isabelle exclaimed. \"Maybe we can go see it today,\" Hugo said. \"I heard it was one of the ones that were rereleased this month.\" \"Yeah,\" Isabelle agreed. \"I saw that there was a machine exhibit. Do you want to see…?\" Hugo had bolted off to find directions to the machine exhibit. Isabelle followed him, grinning. She knew this was going to happen- Hugo gets crazy over machines all the time, just as she gets slightly on the… eccentric… side with books. \"Hugo!\" she called. No reply. Curious about what had Hugo so distracted, Isabelle ran over to where Hugo was standing. There was a row of beautifully crafted automata. Some were made to resemble humans, with hair, flesh- colored surfaces, and even dresses and jackets. Others were like Hugo's- elegant but quite colorless, yet still extremely lifelike. Isabelle noticed that in each caption there was the word \"magician\". She knew that was Hugo's dream, to become a professional magician. He already knew a lot of tricks, but there was one thing that he didn't have. Hugo didn't have his own set of automata. As Isabelle expected, Hugo turned to face her and said in a determined tone, \"I need to build my own automata.\" He explained that his father had always admired the clockmakers who became magicians. He himself had never had the chance, but Hugo felt that he could take his place. Automata were connected with horology, and Hugo needed to fulfill the dreams his father had before his untimely passing. Isabelle hadn't heard him speak in such a serious tone since he was convinced that the first automaton held a secret note for him from his father. It's surprising how fast one can realize their lifelong dreams, Isabelle thought wistfully, while others spend their whole lifetime doing just that. It was true for Isabelle. Before she met Hugo, she never thought about what she would do as an adult. She could live a simple life as a child, going to school, talking and dancing with her friends, and reading lots and lots of books. Yes, mounds of books. But she couldn't read books as a career, could she? No, she couldn't. She could write. Actually, she wrote her past adventures in a small notebook and put some illustrations in it. She found out that she had some talent in writing and drawing. She read books very enthusiastically- could a younger generation appreciate her work just as much? If so, it seemed quite enjoyable. Isabelle liked having her life revolving around books because literature was something she was extremely familiar with. Suddenly, Isabelle realized they'd walked through the entire exhibit and it was time to leave. Hugo was already heading towards the exit. As they passed the front desk, the lady said, \" Au revoir! \" \"Bye,\" Hugo and Isabelle said back. They stepped through the glass double- doors and walked back to the station. People were starting to fill the streets- their work for the day was done. It was a few hours before the sun would set, so as the children had originally planned, they made a trip to the movies. \"What was the movie we wanted to see again?\" Hugo asked, distracted. \"We need to find 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea,\" Isabelle answered. They looked at several movie titles, and then they saw \" 20000 lieues sous les mers\" . \"That's the one!\" Isabelle said. She used the change from the museum and bought two tickets for the movie. Hugo and Isabelle walked into a dark room filled with children and adults. A few commercials played and a short film about an astronomer (also directed by Papa Georges) was presented. The sound of the movie projector made Hugo snap out of his thoughts. Rays of light were projected from the back of Hugo's head and onto a blank, white screen. The feature film was about to start. 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea was about an expedition to the bottom of the ocean. Many people in white uniforms stood by the vessel that was to travel to the bottom of the ocean. A few men filed into the submarine and it was released. The vessel traveled through the ocean and was surrounded by fish and other creatures. Suddenly, the vessel landed on solid rock. The men were at the bottom of the ocean. Hugo and Isabelle laughed as one man struggled to avoid hostile sea creatures, a fish trying to bite his right hand, and a crab trying to pinch his left. The man scampered over to a clearing full of plants, which attacked him whenever he came close. A lot of sea creatures closed in on him and he was trapped. The man woke up from a dream. His head actually fell into a bucket of water while he was sleeping, and his friends pulled him up. He described his dream and the movie was over. The audience clapped loudly and they exited through the door. Hugo's attention was back to the present, and he said: \"That was one of the best movies I've ever seen!\" \"Yes, the special effects were superlative!\" Isabelle agreed, praising her godfather's work. She was glad that Hugo wasn't so distracted anymore. Actually, she was quite confused about why Hugo was so intent on doing everything his father wanted to do. The automaton was understandable since it was the only thing he had from his father, but why was he so disturbed by the fact that his father didn't get to be a magician? Another unfathomable mystery, Isabelle thought eagerly, which means another adventure! She decided she would not mention it for now, since Hugo was so serious about the topic, but she could ask him later. Hugo, on the other hand, was back to his original self, chatting about the movie and how it was made. He mysteriously avoided anything related to the museum and stopped talking when there was nothing really left to talk about. The two were arriving at the toy booth just as Papa Georges was closing up shop. He turned around and said, \"Ah, there're the two little rascals! How was your day?\" \"Great!\" Isabelle said brightly. Hugo nodded in agreement. \"Well that's good,\" Papa Georges said, puzzled by Hugo's silence. He said nothing about it, and neither did Hugo. Isabelle changed the subject. \"Why did you close the booth so early today?\" she asked. \"Ah, well, I didn't have the help of Professor Alcofrisbas here, so I eventually ran out of merchandise again,\" he said truthfully. Papa Georges led the way home. They arrived at the apartment building, which was recently fixed to have a better exterior appearance. No one could believe these were the living conditions for the great Georges Méliès. \"Isabelle, if you would take out the key please!\" Papa Georges said. The Méliès home had a new keyhole made that was designed to fit Isabelle's heart- shaped key, which she took from her neck and gave to Papa Georges. The lock clicked and Papa Georges pushed the door open. Hugo slid through the entrance and closed the door gently behind him. Mama Jeanne greeted her husband and the children with rolls and soup. Isabelle fervently described the day's events, from getting the new book to Hugo's card trick, going to the museum and finally watching Papa Georges' movie. Hugo stayed silent for most of the time, occasionally making a comment. After the children finished dinner, they returned to their rooms. Isabelle stopped by Hugo's room and said, \"Hugo… can I talk to you?\" \"Yeah, sure…\"Hugo said quietly. The children let themselves inside the room. On the left was a workbench where Hugo made most of his things. To the right of that was the automaton, with the drawing it drew beneath its hand. On the right of the room was a small armoire and Hugo's bed. Isabelle pulled up a chair from a corner of the room and sat down. \"Hugo…\" she started hesitantly. \"It's about my father, isn't it?\" Hugo guessed. \"Yes, why do you act so surreptitious whenever we talk about your father?\" Isabelle asked. \"It's a long story,\" Hugo said. \"Good, I like long stories,\" Isabelle said. \"Can you tell me it?\" Hugo looked at Isabelle, think that she was acting in a patronizing way, but she wasn't. She was honestly concerned. \"Well… alright,\" Hugo said reluctantly. He took a deep breath. \"You know that my family specializes in horology. We come from a long line of clockmakers. I can't remember the last generation that didn't have anything to do with clocks. Well, my father thought that this was a restriction. He thought clocks were interesting, but working only in horology limited the potential of machines. \"That's why he was so excited when he came across this automaton. He'd always wanted to build his own set of automata, however hard it would be. However, his job kept him from doing that. When he failed to fix the automaton before the fire... did you- know- what… well, all his dreams obviously went up in smoke. \"I thought that since I fixed this automaton, I could maybe carry on his dream.\" Hugo pointed to the automaton by the workbench. \"I could become a magician. I could break the boundaries of my family for the first time in generations. I could use the family gift and make magic with clockwork. \"Anyway, my father found the automaton. He told me one night that if we fixed him, we could become magicians, just as he wanted to when he was a child. The idea stuck- I couldn't get it out of my head. If we fixed such a complicated machine, we could become the greatest magicians in France. I brought the automaton with me to the train station not only because it was a possible companion… it meant that I didn't have to abandon my father's dreams. I held on tight to the idea, and when I fixed it, I realized that I had an opportunity. I could fix an automaton without my notebook, so what if I could build one, too? \"Then, I came to live with you and your family. Papa Georges created his own automata and has experimented with them before, so with his assistance, couldn't I make my own set much more easily? \"Today in the museum, when I saw the collection of automata, I saw one that my dad had told me about. Suddenly, automata weren't things of wonder to me anymore. They were reminders of why my father died. I'd insisted on him trying to fix it. My father was fixing the automaton at the museum when the fire started. My uncle came in the morning to tell me the news, and I…\" Hugo abruptly fell silent. Isabelle looked at him with tears in her eyes. \" C'est horrible ,\" Isabelle whispered. \"But don't be confused. I know that your father would've wanted you to go on and follow your dreams. After all, you have a golden opportunity right now. Seize it, because your dad never had this chance. No one can blame you for your father's fate. Yes, it was all fate and misfortune, not you. The best way to honor your father is to do what he did- don't ever stop dreaming.\" Hugo nodded in understanding, smiling tearfully. And that was how the idea was set into action.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: The Designs It was morning again- Hugo felt embarrassed that he'd gotten so emotional last night. He dressed into his recently cleaned jacket and shorts. After washing his face and brushing his teeth, he knocked lightly on Isabelle's door. No one answered it. He guessed Isabelle was still sleeping. Hugo entered the kitchen, where he met Mama Jeanne. \"My dear boy, what are you doing up this early?\" Mama Jeanne asked curiously. \"I need to check the clocks in the station,\" Hugo replied. \"I'll be back in an hour or so, I think.\" He checked his watch, which said that it was around 5:30 in the morning. It was time to get going. Yesterday, Hugo was a few hours late since he was figuring out the card trick. Today, he could check all the clocks and be back in the house to meet Isabelle. She probably won't wake until about 7:00. Hugo walked out the door and past the graveyard, which looked much less frightening than in the winter, when everything is covered in white. The ground would be blanketed with snow and ice. Now, warm sunlight filtered through the trees and onto the path through the cemetery. Hugo jogged to the bridge that crossed over to the station and enjoyed the peace and quiet of early morning Paris. The streets weren't full of cars, and no one was awake, hurrying to their destinations. Hugo passed the museum and entered the train station. Here, only a few people walk around, waiting for their train. Hugo hurried over to the vent on the side of the wall about ten meters from the toy booth. He slipped inside and took his usual route into his apartment. Hugo picked up his tools, running to the two largest clocks at the top of the tower, overlooking the city. He could tell that they were running fine. He went to the smaller brass clocks, though they were still quite large. They were overlooking the toy booth, the Inspector's office, and a few other places. He checked the time on the small dials in the back of each of them against his railroad watch and wound a few that hadn't been for a few days. All the others were running perfectly well, so Hugo left the apartment. He'd finished earlier than expected, so he decided to take a stroll of the station. The bookstore was open, and Hugo took a look inside. \" Bonjour, Monsieur Cabret! \" a deep voice said. Hugo turned around and saw Monsieur Labisse. \"Good morning,\" he greeted the librarian. \"May I ask why you are here so early?\" Monsieur Labisse said. \"I just finished my job as the Timekeeper for today, and I finished earlier than I thought I would, so I decided to drop by. Are there any new books today?\" \"Ah, yes,\" the librarian said. \"Quite a lot of books only arrived two days ago, and I just finished sorting them into the different sections of the library.\" \"Do they…\" Hugo hesitated before asking. \"Do they include any books about machines? Or maybe books about automatons?\" \"The section on technology is on your left, Monsieur Cabret,\" the librarian said, smiling warmly. Hugo thanked him and went to find a book about the parts of an automaton. \"'Automata of the 19th Century'… 'Modern Machines'…\"Hugo muttered under his breath. \"'Automata Fundamentals'!\" Hugo pulled the large book off of the shelf and showed it to Monsieur Labisse. \"Can I borrow this?\" he said. \"Of course, the whole library could be yours if you wanted! Well, the bookstore practically belongs to Isabelle and I, since she's read nearly every book in here, but you know what I mean.\" \"Thanks!\" Hugo took off, the heavy book under his arm. He ran outside the station just as people started to come in. Cars flashed by and Hugo waited for a good time to cross the street. When no cars were visible, Hugo sprinted across, slowing down only when he was a good few meters past the other side. Then, he crossed the bridge and arrived at the apartment building. He knocked, and a happy, bubbly Isabelle opened the door. \"Good morning!\" she said cheerfully. \"Where were you off to in the early morning?\" \"The clocks,\" Hugo answered, taken by surprise at Isabelle's energetic mood. Her curly, blonde hair was slightly ruffled and she didn't change out of her pajamas yet. Evidently, she just woke up. \"I see you've got a book,\" Isabelle said. \"Finally finished reading Robin Hood for the twenty- third time?\" \"No,\" Hugo said. \"Well, yes, but this is a book about how to make automata, not for light reading.\" He handed her the heavy book as he stepped inside and took his shoes off. Isabelle took it and examined it, her expression looking slightly inquisitive. \"This is infinitely convoluted! Do you plan on asking Papa Georges about this?\" \"Of course,\" Hugo said. \"I'll need all the help I can get, including Papa Georges and books- speaking of which, there's a new batch at the bookstore. Monsieur Labisse just sorted them into their sections.\" \"Oh, fabulous!\" Isabelle said, back to her original mood. She was practically bouncing up and down. \"Can we stop by there today?\" \"Stay there a whole morning if you'd like,\" Hugo replied, shrugging. \"Actually, I'll stay there with you. I need to get a dictionary and stock up on my vocabulary so I can understand what you're saying most of the time…\" Fortunately, Isabelle didn't stay too mad with Hugo for his vocabulary remark, since she couldn't figure out if it was praising her intelligence or saying that she was too intelligent. Isabelle was in a relatively good mood today, and she recovered her overexcited mood in a short moment- Hugo was lucky. The children had a quick breakfast and they were off to the station with Papa Georges. The two trips to the station were only an hour and a half in difference, but Hugo felt that the city of Paris had changed completely. People lined the sidewalks and cars sped along a busy road. Adults entered and left the frequent café here and there to order a mug of coffee. The mob of Parisians seemed disoriented to Hugo up close, and he was puzzled about how he ever imagined this crowd was like an intricate machine. When he was up at the giant glass clocks that overlooked the city, buildings with people swarming the sidewalks around it was similar to a gear, and the Eiffel Tower acted as the center of the machine, like the heart of the automaton. Hugo, Isabelle and Papa Georges arrived at the station and entered through the glass double- doors. Papa Georges headed to the toy booth and the children went to the bookstore. Monsieur Labisse was surprised to see Hugo back so quickly, but he realized the reason when he saw Isabelle follow him with an eager look on her face. \"Ah, Mademoiselle Isabelle,\" Monsieur Labisse said. \"I see your friend has told you about the new books?\" \"Oh, yes,\" Isabelle said excitedly. \"Do you have any in the science- fiction section?\" \"Yes, there are two new volumes in that section. One is called \"The Jaguar with Talons\" and another is \"The Impossible Voyage\". The friends hurried over to the science- fiction part of the library. Hugo saw that \"The Impossible Voyage\" was by Jules Verne, but he hadn't heard of it. \"Have you read this book?\" Hugo said, holding out the thick, brand- new book. Isabelle nodded her head. \"Yes,\" she said. \"It was one of my favorites from my library at home. It's about a trip around the world.\" \"That's weird,\" Hugo said. \"I haven't heard of it.\" \"That's because it was a play, not a novel,\" Isabelle said. \"Someone changed the form of the text to a novel, like people did with Shakespeare.\" \"Okay…\" Hugo said. \"So if it's one of your favorites, why didn't you read it over and over again like your old Greek Mythology book?\" \"Oh, but I did,\" Isabelle said, grinning. \"But that was back when I was eight, so I memorized it by rote. But reading the book became too habitual and I was reading what I already memorized, which is rather inane… do you know what I mean?\" \"Yes…\" Hugo said. He picked up a dictionary. \"… and no. What was it that you said again… by rote? \" \"Hugo!\" Isabelle exclaimed indignantly. She picked up a book that was, fortunately, thinner than most of the others, and the book found its way to the top of Hugo's head. \" Ferme ta gueule! \" Hugo rubbed his head with an apologetic look on his face. \"Sorry,\" he said. \"It was just a little joke…\" Hugo and Isabelle planned to take a stroll through the streets and see what was new. Today was Sunday, the day before school started again, so they wanted to find something interesting. It was two o' clock in the afternoon when the two finished their lunch. They went out the front doors of the station and into the streets. There weren't many people wandering around. All the working adults- mainly owners of small shops that work on the weekends- were now behind a desk, doing paperwork or helping a customer. The surprising emptiness of the streets drew Hugo's attention to a man with a brown briefcase and a black bowler hat. He was putting a sign on a small building that said \"For sale\". Hugo looked at the building, and to his shock, he saw a word in faded letters on the glass window. HOROLOGIST Hugo walked over immediately and Isabelle followed, shouting: \"Wait, Hugo! Where are you going?\" Hugo ignored her and approached the man. The man seemed nice and had a friendly expression. Hugo asked: \"Is this building empty already?\" \"No,\" the man said. \"I was just going to clean up. I'm surprised no one cleaned the abandoned shop before now- it used to belong to a man named Monsieur Cabret, you know. Did you know him?\" \"Yeah,\" Hugo said quietly. \"I am- I was - his son.\" The man had a sad expression. \"You can go in if you'd like. Take a look around. Gather up what's yours.\" Hugo nodded to show his thanks. He beckoned Isabelle to come over and they stepped in the shop. Right in front of Hugo was his father's dust- coated workbench. Hugo's tiny mechanical creatures were still on it, frozen and waiting to be wound. Hugo's father's desk was mostly cleaned up. There were still many clocks ticking away around his workspace, but it wasn't as Hugo remembered it. The wooden table wasn't littered with gears and cogs. No stray mechanical instruments were lying around. However, one piece of paper lay in a half- opened drawer. The man from outside came in and saw Hugo picking it up. \"Ah,\" he said. \"We found that sheet of paper and it had a very detailed design on it, so we didn't know what to do with it. As this man was your father, I guess you may keep it.\" \"A detailed design?\" Hugo asked, utterly confused. It was just a blank sheet of paper. Isabelle looked over Hugo's shoulder and said: \"Flip it over, of course!\" Embarrassed, Hugo did as he was told. He and Isabelle gasped- a detailed sketch for an automaton similar to the one Hugo had fixed was shown. Hugo's father had scribbled some notes beside it, including: \"Building instructions in notebook\". Hugo was perplexed. Was he planning to show this to someone? If not, why would he write notes for himself about things that he obviously knew already? Hugo spotted one striking similarity- the automaton had its hand raised above an imaginary surface, as if it were holding a pen. Hugo realized his father must've based this automaton off the one from the museum attic. Still, he must've tweaked several things so that it wrote or drew different things. Isabelle scanned the paper. \"Do you think this has anything to do with becoming a magician?\" \"Maybe,\" Hugo said. \"But it doesn't look like a performing automaton. It looks like Papa Georges', with a few changes. Maybe this time, it is a note for me- he made it himself, so it's very probable. I think I'll have to try and build it.\" Isabelle looked through the rest of the drawer and found the notebook mentioned in one of the notes. She flipped through it. \"Again, this is all so complicated. I can't make a head or tail of these byzantine annotations and drawings, but you probably can.\" Hugo took the notebook and looked through. There were detailed sketches of individual pieces and the moving parts of the automaton, such as pulleys and gear trains. Every so often, a complete sketch of the interior of the automaton would be shown. \"Will you help me to get Papa Georges and tell him about this tonight?\" Hugo asked Isabelle. \"I'll need a lot of assistance in building this.\" \"Yes,\" Isabelle said. \"I think he'll be eager to work with machines after so many years without it.\" The two left what used to be Hugo's father's clock- making shop after thanking the nice man. Hugo carried the notebook and the sheet with the overall appearance. Isabelle carried her new book under her arm with a slight smile on her face. Something exciting was going to happen when this automaton was finished, and both of the children knew it. It could be a note, another drawing, or maybe even ideas for automatons Hugo and is father would've used as magicians. Automatons seemed to be symbols that signaled the start of a new adventure… maybe something Isabelle could write about. \"Do you want to go into that café over there?\" Hugo asked Isabelle as rain started to fall from the sky. Clouds had moved in around one in the afternoon. Isabelle entered the \" Café de appétit \" with Hugo right behind her. A small band with an accordionist, violinist, cellist, and guitarist played a lively tune against a wall of the café. The customers listened, sipping coffee and tea with a croissant in front of them. Hugo took out a few coins and bought two mugs of chocolat chaud (hot chocolate). He handed one to Isabelle and kept one for himself. Continuing to look through the notebook, he added, \"This may have just been for his research, you know. How would my father have known that I would come across this?\" \"Maybe he didn't,\" Isabelle said. \"But you did, anyway. I think you should try to build it and see.\" Hugo did have a lot of free time, and it was a perfect opportunity to study automatons using this design. However, he was still unsure. \"Still, if it wasn't meant for me…\" Suddenly, Hugo reached the last page. There was a note that seemed as if it had been hastily scribbled. To: Captain Captain… wasn't that what Hugo's father used to call him? Well, that's one problem solved.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: Essays and Automata Throughout the night, Hugo tried to figure out how his father knew the notebook and the designs would come into his son's hands. Maybe he didn't- he could've been planning to give them to Hugo as a gift. Hugo just happened to stumble upon them upon entering the abandoned workshop. Eventually, Hugo fell asleep and dreamed of dozens of automata holding pens and their free hand holding their designs. They were writing on notebooks, and suddenly the automata looked up, each with Hugo's father's smiling face on them. A loud knocking sound woke Hugo from his strange dream. He groggily opened the door. It was Isabelle, fully dressed with her signature beret on her head. She looked as excited as ever. What for, Hugo didn't have a clue. Of course, being excited and happy was normal for Isabelle. Maybe she liked her new book. \"Hurry up, Hugo!\" Isabelle said, excited. \"It's nearly five o' clock! You have to tend to the clocks, help Papa Georges, eat lunch, try to build the automaton, eat dinner, continue trying to build the automaton, get Papa Georges to help you, and-\" \"Okay, calm down Isabelle!\" Hugo said, still feeling sleepy. Now he knew why Isabelle was acting so hectic today. Today was the day that he, Hugo, would start building the automaton that his father designed. \"You realize today is a school day…\" \"Oh, right,\" Isabelle said, pausing to think. \"Well, wind the clocks. Then go to school, and come back home to build the automaton!\" With that, she left, heading towards the kitchen at the end of te corridor outside Hugo's room. Hugo threw on a striped shirt and his old jacket, along with a pair of brown shorts. He made his bed and took a look at Papa Georges' automaton. The new automaton had to be somewhat close to this one. It's just the programming, the little parts that made the automaton do what you wanted, that were different. The rest (the parts that allow the machine to move and follow the programming) should be the same, as both designs have similar purposes. Hugo turned back to the doorway and found Isabelle talking to Papa Georges at the kitchen table, presumably about the new mechanical man. The two had told the old man about the designs that they'd found, and they told him about their plans. Papa Georges was absolutely delighted, although he added that he was afraid age had taken its toll on his ability to create and build. \"Of course,\" he said immediately, his eyes twinkling. \"Between you lot and me… let's just say I'm still the very same Georges Méliès, and I believe that I continue to possess a few ruses up my sleeve in the world of machinery.\" He looked at Isabelle. \"Ruses are tricks used to swindle or hoodwink someone, Papa Georges!\" Isabelle sighed, exasperated. \"Am I the only person in this room who bothers to find accurate definitions of terminology that is scarcely used?\" Papa Georges gave Hugo a wink. Hugo grinned and said, \"Come on, I'm going to the station. Are you coming today, Isabelle?\" \"Yes, of course,\" Isabelle said. She picked up her book, which had a bookmark in the middle already, from the table and pocketed her heart- shaped key. Papa Georges stood up, saying: \"I ought to be getting to my toy booth- I made many toys last night and I think everyone will like them quite a lot.\" He slipped his hand into his coat pocket and pulled out a small figure of Hugo. The children gasped. Every single detail was included into the figure, from Hugo's signature brown jacket to his long, messy hair (which was now capped with a top hat). Papa Georges wound the figure up, and the miniature Hugo walked around, doing mini- sized magic tricks. Papa Georges put it in his coat pocket again, and he led the two children to the train station. Isabelle smiled, amused, at the look on Hugo's face after they saw the miniature Hugo Cabret. She guessed, though, that she would react in the exact same way if, for example, someone wrote a book about her without mentioning their plans before. Consequently, she kept quiet. Hugo made his trip around the clocks as usual. This morning, it took rather long as many of the clocks had to be wound. Isabelle was finished another quarter of her book by the time Hugo was finished. \"This is some ingenious work,\" Isabelle said, closing her book shut reluctantly. \"I never realized so much could be done with biology and chemistry. Do you think this would be more in the fantasy section?\" \"I don't know,\" Hugo said, wiping the sweat from his brow after he finished the last clock. \"Technology always seems to be growing. Maybe in a hundred years, they could actually create this jaguar with talons.\" \"That sounds fascinating,\" Isabelle said dreamily. \"To create artificial life… that's kind of like your automaton there!\" \"That's what clockwork can do,\" Hugo said proudly. He realized that the automaton would never be truly alive, and of course, so did Isabelle, but it had kept him company during those lonely months at the station before he found his new family. Hugo and Isabelle went outside the station for breakfast and found the café that they went in yesterday. The same band was playing some lively tunes and a few people placed coins in a hat before the musical group. Hugo bought a sweet crêpe with strawberries, while Isabelle ordered a gallete bretonne topped with cheese, ham, and an egg. Hugo took out his father's instructional notebook and flipped through it once again. There were probably over a thousand different parts, and Hugo had to make all of them from scratch. He wasn't sure how fast he could build it completely, but Isabelle seemed positive that Hugo could finish it very quickly. \"You fixed an automaton burned to pieces in months,\" Isabelle said confidently. \"You didn't have many tools or the right materials for the parts. You fixed it from windup toys. You can probably finish this one in maybe two months! First, you have Papa Georges to assist you, and you've had experience from last time…\" \"But Isabelle, I still have to make every part from scratch!\" Hugo said. \"Papa Georges took away your notebook for most of the time while you fixed his automaton…\" Isabelle countered. The arguing went on for a while, until Isabelle realized it was almost time for school. They had brought their textbooks and notebooks with them, so they headed straight to the school. Hugo pushed open the door, letting himself inside, and a boy immediately greeted him. \"Ready for the second- to- last day of school, Ticktock?\" The boy greeted Hugo and Isabelle with a friendly tone. \"Hello, Antoine,\" Hugo and Isabelle said together. \"Hey!\" Another boy pushed Antoine out of the way. They seemed very similar in appearance, for they both had sleek, black hair. However, Antoine was taller. \"You're much later than you usually are. Today, you're actually on time , not fifteen minutes early! That's a first.\" \"Come on, brother Louis,\" Antoine said, winking mischievously. \"We'd better go collect our books! Class is almost starting.\" The two boys skipped away, making a turn into one of the classrooms. \"I never figured it out- are Antoine and Louis actually brothers?\" Isabelle asked curiously. \"No,\" Hugo said. When he came to the school, he was delighted to find that Antoine and Louis, his best friends, were enrolled at the school, too. They were so surprised to find him they forgot to call him Ticktock for the first few days. \"Come on, we'd better go to French class now,\" Isabelle said, leading the way through the school to the Madame Fleur's French classroom. The class started with the usual \" Bonjour, les étudiants! \" said by Madame Fleur, and the reply, \" Bonjour madame! \" The class then proceeded with a writing assignment. The students were given pens, ink, and parchment, and they could write anything of their choice. Isabelle stared at the parchment in deep thought. What should I write about? Isabelle thought slowly. A mystery… a murder… a secret piece of parchment… She dipped the pen in the dish of ink and set it on the paper. Then, she began to write: \" Once upon a time, there was a man named Monsieur Noir. He was always dressed in black, and he seemed to live entirely on his own. He had no friends, no family, and no enemies. That changed one night. Monsieur Noir was discovered on the floor of his apartment three days after he mysteriously disappeared from the streets of France. There was no sign of any skirmish except a broken cane that was said to belong to be him (a likely theory, as it was completely black), a torn piece of fabric from Monsieur Noir's frayed, black jacket, and a blank piece of parchment ripped cleanly in half… \" Isabelle wrote for a long time, until Madame Fleur announced the time to hand the assignments in. She would read each of them and give feedback the next day. Isabelle handed her work in happily, as she'd finished a few minutes before time was up. Hugo, on the contrary, seemed frustrated. \"I was nearly done,\" he said later. Then, he admitted, \"But having a giant mechanical dragon as a topic didn't really fit in China, which was my setting… what do you think?\" \"Well, dragons are the national symbol of China,\" Isabelle said absentmindedly. She was thinking about her writing, and how Madame Fleur's feedback would matter a lot. After she received her French grade for this trimester tomorrow, she could see if she was fit as a writer. It's just a grade , Isabelle thought. It's not going to affect my whole career… what am I thinking? It would be nice if I receive positive feedback, but it's not that serious… Isabelle and Hugo went to mathematics, history, and geography. Then, it was time to go home. \"Come on, let's go see how Papa Georges is doing at the station,\" Isabelle said. Papa Georges was closing up shop for the day. Through the metal grate, Hugo could see that there were no small models of him left. He took this as a successful day for the old filmmaker. As Hugo expected, Papa Georges greeted the children with a radiant smile. \"Hello, children!\" he said brightly. \"How was your day today?\" \"It was…\" Isabelle started. Then, she looked at Hugo. \"It was a pretty good day; geography was as boring as usual.\" \"Ah, yes,\" the old man agreed wistfully. \"Never liked the subject much… I had to use it for my films anyway.\" Then, he looked at the children, as if he wanted them to ask how his day was. Hugo realized this and said, \"How's business at the toy booth?\" \"Business is better than ever before!\" Papa Georges responded immediately. \"Everyone wants to get their hands on the Puppet Professor! It can do ten different tricks, you know.\" \"That's good to hear,\" Isabelle said. \"Speaking of tricks- you said you have some for building the automaton?\" \"Yes, that's right,\" Papa Georges said with a more serious expression. \"We can start right after dinner, Hugo. I think we can finish within two months…\" Isabelle grinned at Hugo, mouthing, I told you so. Dinner that night was full of laughter. Mama Jeanne talked about meeting a stray cat outside the apartment. Papa Georges chattered about the success of his new invention. Hugo talked about the ever- so- boring geography class. Finally, Isabelle mentioned her story. She explained what it was about, and she summarized the whole plot. The family was silent for a second. \"I wish you were the writer for all of my films!\" Papa Georges said with a warm smile. Everyone laughed. \"Sounds better than mine,\" Hugo said, grinning. \"You could put drawings with it, don't you think?\" Mama Jeanne suggested. \"Oh, but it's only a French paper,\" Isabelle said, embarrassed by the sudden praise. \"No matter,\" Papa Georges chuckled. \"This story is worthy of being published! I believe you could be a successful writer as an adult- I only realized it when you wrote that story about Hugo and yourself. Now, you've proved it once again… of course, I would like to see the actual draft, too. I truly can see you as an author.\" Dinner ended with more talking and laughing. Isabelle returned to her room, feeling very happy. Not only did she feel that her paper was good enough- she finally knew her purpose. It was a bit different from Hugo's concept, as fixing things and- metaphorically- people wasn't really a career. Someone lightly knocked on Isabelle's door. \"Come in,\" Isabelle said. \"Come out!\" Hugo's voice drifted through the door. Isabelle walked over and opened it. \"Don't you want to see me start building the automaton?\" Hugo asked. That's right. Isabelle had completely forgotten about the designs. \"Yes,\" she answered eagerly. The two friends walked into Hugo's room. The automaton was moved to a corner of the room. The clockworks that were usually on the workbench were cleared off and placed into a metal bucket. The workbench now sat in the middle of the room, with the designs beside it. \"Papa Georges should be here at any moment,\" Hugo said, excited and nervous at the same time. Papa Georges came in, looking just as agitated. \"I wonder what this automaton could do,\" he said anxiously. \"It could write, draw, or do both… in the notebook there was an implication that the left hand was capable of pinching things… it could turn pages, we need a large notebook for it to write in…\" \"Papa Georges, calm down!\" Isabelle exclaimed amusedly. \"You haven't even started building the automaton yet, you don't have to worry about all that!\" \"True, true,\" Papa Georges said, calming down slightly. \"I haven't worked on a machine like this for years… I have gotten a bit overexcited, I must admit. I'm extremely looking forward to looking forward to what it does…\" \"That probably won't be for another three months,\" Hugo said. \"Don't be pessimistic- we don't have school,\" Isabelle countered. \"I say two months… at most! \" Hugo shook his head slowly; it was as if he knew something Isabelle could not ever understand (Of course, it was usually the other way around, though saying that out loud would be much to Isabelle's consternation). \" Cela est impossible! \" he replied tiredly. Papa Georges chuckled and pulled over the bucket of tools and parts. Isabelle frowned and picked up a book that she would read when Hugo and her godfather started building the automaton. \"Ok, fine,\" Hugo sighed, giving in. He fished a few gears of different sizes and a few small shafts out of the bucket. Then, he picked up about a dozen nuts and bolts along with a hammer. Setting them down on the workbench, picking up his hammer, and readjusting the notebook so that he could see it better, he added: \"We're aiming for two months.\" With that, the clockworks and mechanics in his brain started to move.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5: The First Day of Summer The last day of school was over. Everyone received their papers and their final grades for each class. Isabelle, of course, received excellent marks for French and all the other subjects. Hugo, though not quite meeting Isabelle's grades, was also satisfied with his work. Madame Fleur had been most impressed with Isabelle's story. She guessed- and correctly so- that Isabelle had been reading a lot of Sherlock Holmes stories, by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. Still, she praised Isabelle very warmly. \"I always saw a writer in you, Isabelle,\" she said happily. \"One always enjoys a short, immersing, perplexing murder mystery… keep up the good work, my dear…\" Hugo, on the other hand, did not receive as much praise. \"This was… an interesting plot,\" Madame Fleur said plainly. \"I understand your fondness for machines, but a giant mechanical dragon in the rural areas of China? Fiction has limits, Hugo… I do appreciate your attempted use of a metaphor on page two…\" And that was all she said. Still, Hugo's mood was not dampened- he'd received top grades in mathematics, as he'd had a lot of practice while building the automaton and calculating measurements. The pair met Papa Georges on their way home as usual and they greeted him with an unusually cheerful tone that was shared between both children. Then, on the way home, Isabelle pestered Hugo about his inadequate grades. \"Honestly, Isabelle,\" Hugo protested, rolling his eyes. \"My grades in each class apart from mathematics are only second to you…\" \"Not French,\" Isabelle said. \"Stop bickering, you two,\" Papa Georges chuckled, smiling amusedly. \"You both did well. Hugo, you dropped out of school for a few months before. It's expected that you would have slightly lower grades than Isabelle.\" \"Yes, it's not a problem, you see,\" Hugo agreed triumphantly. Isabelle crossed her arms, though she could not say anything more. Hugo worked all night with Papa Georges, making gears and disks with hammers, pliers, and many other tools. They put several small areas of the automaton together, mainly the inner clockwork. Hugo would put the outer layer, a sort of metal cage, over it later. Isabelle sat in a chair nearby, looking up whatever Hugo needed in Automata Fundamentals . She found a neat trick for creating a gear very quickly, and how to make sure all the pieces will fit perfectly. After Hugo and Papa Georges were beginning to have a rhythm in their work, Isabelle could put down the book and finish up the last few chapters in the story she'd borrowed. \"… The jaguar actually went back to the species where its characteristics came from! So it went back to where real jaguars live! Papa Georges, do you know what a jaguar looks like? You've made so many films about foreign places…\" \"Looks like there's a bulge on the side of it, we should scrape it off,\" Papa Georges said. Isabelle looked confused. \"What?\" she asked with a puzzled expression. The old filmmaker looked up. \"Oh, I'm so sorry,\" he apologized. \"I was talking about the gear Hugo was making… what now?\" The next morning, immediately after Hugo woke up, three words popped into his brain: It's finally summertime . After many French essays, math problems, and history quizzes, it was time for relaxation. He could go to the movies anytime he wanted. Well, anytime he wanted, apart from the time he would spend building the automaton. He figured Isabelle was right after all. With all summer to build the automaton and no school, he could finish the automaton very easily in two months. That's right- where was Isabelle? Through his window by the left of the doorway, he could see that the sun was already high up in the sky. He checked a clock on the wall, which told him it was seven in the morning already. Hugo got dressed and left his room to check on Isabelle. He knocked on the door loudly. No one answered, and Hugo assumed that Isabelle was in the kitchen. After all, she couldn't sleep that late. Papa Georges should be leaving by now. However, when he checked the kitchen, he only found Mama Jeanne there. \"Where's Isabelle and Papa Georges?\" he asked. \"They left for the station already,\" Mama Jeanne answered with a smile. Hugo went back into the corridor entered Isabelle's room. A stack of books stood by the door. Hugo counted four, one of which Isabelle had finished last night. The other three were hers that she'd taken off her bookshelf. Hugo picked up the completed book, wondering why Isabelle still had the book even though she finished it. If she was at the station, couldn't she have returned it there and saved some trouble? Hugo bent over and picked it up. He noticed there was no bookmark- that proved that Isabelle didn't need it anymore. Then, he recalled something she'd said last night. \"I won't need this book anymore,\" Isabelle had told him, holding the book up. \"If I read it again, there won't be that much… adventure… in it. The main thrill is just the new ideas, which I all know… I'll return it as soon as I can.\" Hugo tucked the book under his arm, told Mama Jeanne goodbye and walked out into the warm, breezy, summer weather. He guessed that Isabelle would be at the toy booth, possibly helping Papa Georges. He would head there first. If she wasn't there, he could ask Papa Georges- he could know where she was. Hugo strolled through the streets at a brisk pace, overtaking several adults who were going to work. Very quickly, he arrived at the station. He opened the doors, pushed past the throng of people, and arrived at the toy booth. \"Ah, Hugo,\" Papa Georges said, smiling. \"I thought I might see you this morning.\" Hugo asked, \"Where's Isabelle?\" \"I'm actually not sure,\" he said thoughtfully. \"I would check the library if I were you- is that one of her books you're holding there?\" He pointed to the book tucked under Hugo's arm. \"She must've forgotten it. Well, off you go.\" Hugo thanked him and went to the library. Among the mountains of books, he couldn't spot Isabelle. He turned to Monsieur Labisse. \"Greetings, Monsieur Cabret,\" the librarian said with a friendly tone. \"What brings you here today?\" \"Have you seen Isabelle?\" Hugo asked. \"No, not yet,\" he answered curiously. \"Why do you ask?\" \"She wasn't at the toy booth and I just wanted to bring her on my trip around the clocks as usual,\" Hugo replied. \"This is her book that she borrowed- she said she would return it… she forgot it at home, I'll return it for her now…\" Hugo handed the book to Monsieur Labisse. The librarian took it and looked out of the window. He pointed his finger. \"Is that her right there?\" he said. Hugo spun around and saw a girl with a beret sliding down a ladder. \"Yes,\" Hugo said, amazed. Why was she up there? Could she be winding the clocks? \"Well, I suppose you've found her now,\" Monsieur Labisse said, smiling again. Hugo sped out of the library and ducked into the vent leading up towards the Timekeeper's office. He ran through corridors, ascended up a staircase, and entered a door. He flicked a light switch, though he forgot (as he always did) that the single light bulb on the ceiling had burned out. He made a mental note to tell the Station Inspector that they had to switch the light bulb. He traveled to several of the clocks- none of them needed to be wounded for another few days. That was odd- he was supposed to wind them today. That just proved the hunch Hugo had to be true- Isabelle had come to wind the clocks. He ran around, looking for his friend. He wanted to make sure that she didn't get her fingers caught in the gears or anything of that sort. Hugo found an exhausted Isabelle leaning against the wall beside the clock that overlooked the Station Inspector's office. \"Isabelle, what are you doing?\" Hugo asked breathlessly, coming to a halt. \"I saw you working on that automaton so late last night,\" Isabelle said, sitting up. \"I wanted to give you a hand. So I wound all the clocks in the station.\" \"How did you check the time?\" \"I… er… borrowed your railroad watch.\" \" You entered my room without knocking? \" \"Yes, and then I proceeded to do your job for you.\" \"Okay, fine. How did you know what to do?\" Isabelle raised an eyebrow. \"Reading books does teach you things, you know,\" she said. \"And I think watching you do it for seven months helped slightly, too.\" Hugo sighed. \"Thanks, Isabelle. You're alright, aren't you?\" \"Yes, I'm fine… I just have a little headache and my arms are sore. A bit of food would help that, I guess.\" Hugo pulled Isabelle up, and they walked back to the Timekeepers' apartments. \"By the way, I returned your book for you.\" \" You entered my room without knocking? \" \"You weren't even in your room…\" \"Okay, fine. Let's go get some breakfast.\" The sun's heat literally baked the streets, as it was now around eight- thirty in the morning, and the children didn't feel like going outside. Hugo asked Madame Emile for two crêpes and two glasses of milk. Isabelle noticed that Monsieur Frick sat next to her, their dogs playing by his feet. One accidently bit his trousers. Monsieur Frick made a strange face and let out a squeal of some sort. After having breakfast, Hugo and Isabelle took a stroll through the station. They passed Lisette, who was selling some flowers to a young man. Antoine and Louis flew by- Hugo had no clue why they were in the station. All of a sudden, Hugo bumped into the Inspector Gustave. \"Good day, Hugo…\" he said, readjusting his blue cap. Then, he turned his head sideways. \"… and Christina Ros- I mean, Isabella.\" \"Isabelle,\" the girl corrected politely. \"Yes, that's what I meant,\" he said quickly. Maximilian the dog whined, sitting by his side. \"It's actually very fortunate that you two came along, really… I need someone to talk to… come on in to my office…\" The two entered the room. Hugo looked around- the place was so familiar. The cage on the right was empty, and the key for it by the table was slightly dusty. Hugo took this as a good sign that the cage had not been used for a long time. \"Sit down, please,\" the Inspector said. Then, he realized there were only two chairs. \"I'll stand,\" he said. The children sat down, looking at each other. \"Where to start, where to start…\" Gustave muttered. \"Well, I have a little secret that-\" The phone nearby rang. The inspector muttered something in rapid French and picked it up, turning his back to the children. \"Hello?\" he asked. Then, he frowned. \"Oh… it's you. No, I'm not unhappy at all to talk to you. Honestly… what's that? Your wife came back for an hour? Well, that's an improvement… and you're quite sure she's yours? No? Her nose is longer? You think so? Okay, good luck sir.\" \"My apologies, Hugo and Izzy,\" he said. \"It's Isabelle,\" Isabelle said again. \"Right you are,\" he said. \"Now, I have a little secret.\" He leaned in. \"Do you know Lisette the flower girl?\" he whispered. \"Do you fancy her?\" Isabelle piped up. \"What?\" the Inspector shouted. \"That's absurd! Well, yes… a little. More than a little- I like her quite a lot, actually, to be honest.\" \"That's why you haven't caught any orphans lately,\" Hugo inferred. \"Yes, and that's precisely what I've brought you here to talk about,\" the Inspector said. \"She hates it when I catch orphans. Did you see the look on her face when I caught you? That, and the fact that the toy seller claimed to be your guardian, convinced me to let you go. Now, I can't do my job.\" He leaned in close again. \"I don't want to do my job anymore.\" Hugo never thought the day would come; the day when Inspector Gustave would actually regret sending dozens of orphans to the loathsome orphanage. Much to his surprise, however, he didn't want the Inspector to quit his job. Isabelle spoke first. \"You can still do your job,\" she insisted. \"Just don't be so vindictive .\" \"Watch who you're calling vindictive!\" the Inspector said. Then, he stopped. \"Er… what does vindictive mean again?\" \"You're being vindictive when you're yelling at orphans, chasing them, grabbing them by their shirt collars, and throwing them into a locked cage,\" Hugo explained. \"Well, yes,\" the Inspector admitted. \"I am a bit, er… strict… at times.\" By noon and after a few croissants, Hugo and Isabelle finally convinced Inspector Gustave that not yelling at homeless children was not as hard as it seemed. They left the office and headed home to work on the automaton. When they entered Hugo's room, Isabelle saw that many of the different parts of the automaton were already put together. A pile of unused gears, bolts, and disks lay on one end of the workbench. Hugo sat down, examining each part and comparing them to the notebook drawings. After a quarter of an hour, Hugo announced that each part was correctly built. Isabelle went into her room and picked up one of the three books by the door. She opened up a thick book with a weathered, brown cover and began to read out loud, as if they were on their daily inspection of the clocks. Hugo worked all afternoon, and meanwhile, Isabelle read from her book. She stopped reading aloud after a while- her voice was getting a bit hoarse. Finally, when Mama Jeanne came in and asked them if they needed a break, they both got up and left the room. \"Making that automaton seems so strenuous,\" Isabelle said. \"Aren't you tired?\" \"No,\" Hugo replied. \"It's actually quite fun to do… for me, at least.\" Papa Georges came back early today, since- as he expected- his profits rose significantly. \"It's because all the children don't have school and they can buy my latest toys,\" he explained cheerfully. \"You know, you're both right- I like summer the best, too.\" Dinner that night was, as usual, a jovial one. Papa Georges followed Hugo to his room. He was delighted to find that Hugo had made great progress on the automaton. \"You're a genius, my boy!\" Papa Georges exclaimed. \"Did you check everything?\" \"Every single part,\" Hugo and Isabelle said in unison. \"Good, good,\" Papa Georges chuckled. \"At this rate, building the automaton can't take longer than a month!\" Meanwhile, Mama Jeanne stood outside the door, listening. She heard her husband's laughter and smiled. Times have changed. They were no longer living in poverty, and they were a happy family once more.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6: The Journal A month had passed since the beginning of summer. Every time Isabelle walked into Hugo's room, she hoped that he would announce that the automaton was finished. To her, it seemed like it was already, but she didn't know that much about machines. Hugo always said something didn't seem right and he would spend the whole day finding it, taking it out without damaging the rest of his work, and fixing it. Eventually, Isabelle just stopped checking his progress, for she knew that Hugo was just being very picky. It would be a while before the automaton was finished in Hugo's eyes. In Isabelle's eyes, it was finished a week ago. Papa Georges stopped helping Hugo build the automaton one day. He said that it should be Hugo who delivered the final touches. \"It is his father's design, after all,\" he explained. \"The machine rightfully belongs to him, so he should be the one to finish it.\" It was a sunny day near the end of July, and Isabelle brought up the subject of the automaton as the two friends walked through the station after making the trip around the clocks. \"Are you ever going to finish that automaton?\" she asked. \"Yes,\" Hugo answered. \"I will soon. But something about the notebook is bothering me.\" \"What is it?\" \"A few pages before the outer layer instructions are blank.\" \"Well, that's just unused paper.\" \"The inner clockworks have a few spots that seem suspicious, too.\" \"Really? How so?\" \"It seems like… it seems like it isn't complete. There're a few parts that are unnecessary and probably won't be used.\" \"We'll find out when we finish the automaton.\" Hugo looked at Isabelle, looking embarrassed. \"To tell you the truth,\" Hugo said slowly. \"I finished building everything a few weeks ago. It's just this that's been puzzling me.\" \"What!\" Isabelle exclaimed. \"But if there aren't any more directions, what good can you do?\" Hugo shrugged. \"I thought I would figure something out,\" he said. \"But I guess not.\" \"So we could've tried to see if the automaton worked a few weeks ago?\" Isabelle asked, slightly exasperated that they had waited for so long just because of some blank pages in a notebook. \"No, there's still the key,\" Hugo said. \"Oh, right… did you study the keyhole at all?\" Isabelle inquired. \"Yes,\" Hugo answered. \"It's basically a circle with an unusual shape sticking out under it.\" \"Do you think you might've seen it before?\" Isabelle said as they arrived at a bench, deciding to sit down for a while. \"No,\" Hugo sighed. \"Even if I did, I can't possibly have it.\" Isabelle groaned and slumped down onto the bench, disappointed. Dinner ended with discussion about Hugo's missing key. \"You're looking for another key?\" Mama Jeanne asked, still not quite sure what was going on. \"What looks like a strange shape sticking out at the edge of a circle?\" Papa Georges said, stroking his beard thoughtfully. \"It has to be related to your father somehow,\" Isabelle noted. Hugo stayed silent, thinking hard about what the key's shape might possible depict. \"Why wouldn't the notes have the actual key drawn?\" Isabelle complained. \"He forgot, possibly,\" Papa Georges said. \"Could it have been at the burnt down museum?\" Mama Jeanne suggested. \"The museum!\" Hugo said, leaping up. The others jumped, bewildered. \"What is it?\" Isabelle asked, excited. \"That night,\" Hugo said, straining to remember. \"The fire- I was at home myself- I was studying some of Father's things… my pocket!\" He ran off to his room. Isabelle followed him quickly, giving her godparents a puzzled glance and shrugging. Hugo was sifting through a drawer of mechanical junk. The occasional rusty gear would show up, but Isabelle couldn't see anything else clearly. Suddenly, he brought up a small leather bag. \"I put them in my pocket that night when my uncle came to fetch me,\" Hugo explained breathlessly. \"I was looking at them as I waited for my father to come home. I brought them to the station and I saw none of them were heart- shaped, so I put them away.\" \"Wait, slow down,\" Isabelle said. \"Are those…\" \"Keys, yes, they're keys!\" Hugo said, opening the bag up to reveal dozens of keys. \"Why are there so many?\" Isabelle asked. \"Most of them must be for some of Father's other things, or spare keys,\" Hugo thought aloud very rapidly. \"But one of them- just one of them- might be the key we need.\" Papa Georges came into the room with Mama Jeanne. \"Now, now, children,\" Papa Georges said, chuckling. \"We may be older than you are, but we can't resist the excitement. What is going on?\" \"Hugo may have just found the key,\" Isabelle said as Hugo searched around the small bag. He brought up one excitedly, then frowned and dropped it on the bench beside him so that he wouldn't get confused with it again. After a minute of silence apart from the jingling of keys, Hugo shouted, \"I found it!\" He brought up a small golden key. Everyone leaned in close to see the shape. It was the man on the moon, with a shining rocket flying towards it from below. \"How…\" Papa Georges stuttered. \"It's my father's favorite movie,\" Hugo explained quickly. \"Quick,\" Papa Georges said to Hugo. \"Get a notebook for it to write on.\" He motioned towards Isabelle. \"Fetch some ink!\" After a short time, everything was in place. Hugo placed the key into the heart of the machine and turned slowly. The clockworks of the automaton gradually ticked to life. Movement spread from the center from the machine to the outer parts. Gears shifted, pulleys were activated, and disks spun around. Hugo and the others watched with fascination as a still machine sprung into life. The hand holding the pen finally moved, inching towards the ink dish. Then, it moved back and began to write. December 1929 Hugo visited my workshop a lot this month. I noticed recently that he's been watching me closely. He built several little mechanical creatures, all of which I now display on my workbench. I discovered a fascinating artifact in the attic of the museum today. I used it as a guideline and started designing an automaton that writes a journal of mine- a journal that you (the reader and discoverer of the designs) are currently reading. Weather is not so pleasant- a meter of snow has been building up outside the workshop every week and I sometimes have to shovel my way out. Hugo laughed at his father's humor. The automaton continued to write journal entries like this, in which Hugo's father talked about things his son did (things that he remembered quite fondly and longingly), movies that he'd watched with Hugo recently, the weather, and some mechanical discoveries that he'd made. Most of all, he talked about his progress on the mysterious automaton from the attic of the museum. Soon, Hugo began to see less of \"today's weather was rainy\" and more of \"we finished a part of the automaton\". Monthly entries soon became weekly, and then every other day. The entries were something like: October 20/21 st The automaton is nearly finished! Mysterious heart- shaped key continues to puzzle us. Suddenly, near the end of October, the automaton clicked to a stop. It leaned back and it was still. Everyone was confused, and then Hugo realized something. The fire happened at the end of October. \"Hugo…\" Isabelle started, tears forming in her eyes as realization hit her. Papa Georges sat down on the bed and looked at the still automaton wistfully and sorrowfully at the same time. Mama Jeanne sat down with him. Hugo swallowed painfully. \"It was never finished.\"[Chapter 7] Chapter 7: Drawing Lessons That night, Hugo couldn't sleep. He thought of how his father's mechanical journal fell short because of his untimely death. He couldn't seem to find a comfortable position and eventually gave up. He lit a candle nearby with some matches and picked up a Jules Verne novel. After reading a few pages or so, he turned his gaze back to the candle. The flickering flames reminded him of the tragedy from so long ago, fire licking at the edges of a broken window. He imagined the ruined building, like the charred wick of the candle… Suddenly, he heard a voice in his head. Startled, he dropped his novel onto the bed. \"Follow the example.\" At least, Hugo thought it was in his head. It was much like the voice he'd heard that'd told him to fix the automaton. That had been a bit more straightforward. \"What example?\" Hugo thought silently. No one replied (mercifully for his sanity) so Hugo returned to his book. \" Look here, in this notebook,\" the professor said. \"This is an example of the climate beneath the crust…\" The notebook! That was the example the nonexistent voice was talking about. But what did it mean? \"Follow the example.\" Hugo thought a bit, sighed, and leaned back. He couldn't think about anything now, for he was still recovering from the upsetting results of the automaton. Not that it didn't work- it's just that it reminded him of some horrible times in his life. They were things that he'd tried to forget… yet things that he didn't wish to forget at the same time. Hugo closed his book shut with another sigh. He blew the candle out, leaving himself in complete darkness apart from the light from the pale moon, streaming through the window and spilling onto the smooth, wooden floor. Staring at the moonlit streets of Paris and the dark sky, he imagined a face on the moon. The man on the moon , he thought. That somewhat comforted him, and he finally fell asleep. \"Good day, Monsieur,\" Isabelle greeted the Station Inspector as he passed by. \" Bonjour, Mademoiselle Isabelle, \" the Station Inspector said back. Maximilian just barked loudly. The weather outside was rainy, and the air felt humid. Hugo hadn't gotten up yet, so Isabelle had a little time to do whatever she wanted by herself. However, with the horrible weather, \"whatever she wanted\" was a rather limited set of choices. With nothing to do, Isabelle found a bench and sat down. She pulled out a notebook with a smooth, cardboard surface. She kept her notebook in her pocket at all times. Should she write about some recent events? No, she's done that a lot. Yesterday's events were a bit uncomfortable to talk about, anyway. There was something she'd always wanted to try doing, and it was drawing. She'd seen Hugo do it in art class, and his art was nothing short of amazing. It was like he'd taken the image in his mind and transferred it to the blank, white paper. Isabelle had tried, and she was decent at it. She had to admit she didn't try very hard in that class, since it didn't really have anything to do with books. But ever since Mama Jeanne had suggested putting drawings with her story, she'd gotten an idea. It was a brilliant, wonderful idea. It was to put drawings in place of certain parts of a story. She tried to think of a term in her mind once… a \"picture novel\". She'd been thinking about getting Hugo to do it for her, but now she was getting other ideas. What if she could do it herself? She looked in front of her, at the large pillars, the stone floor, the bustling crowd, and the large glass windows. Taking out a writing utensil, she raised her right hand just above the left side of the notebook page. Then, pencil met paper as one tentative stroke slowly progressed across the page. The floor , she thought. Then, she drew the pillars, rising up from underneath the line. She erased the places where the lines intersected and crossed. Slowly but surely, things and details were added to the picture. Several people were added here and there, a steaming train occupied one of the previously vacant tracks. Shades and shadows were added, and suddenly, Isabelle was left with something she was quite unaware of being able to create. \"Did you draw that?\" Isabelle looked behind her. Hugo was looking over her shoulder, studying the intricate drawing Isabelle had created. \"Yes, I drew it while I waited for you.\" \"That's a really good drawing!\" \"Thanks, but it's not as good as yours,\" Isabelle said modestly. \"I can teach you to be better than me if you'd like,\" Hugo said shyly. Isabelle thought hard- it was something she'd always wanted to do, and now she was going to learn how to do it from her best friend. It sounded like a little adventure to her. She took up the offer. The morning passed, and the two children were left with nothing to do in the afternoon. Hugo decided to get some paper out and they would start sketching something together so that Isabelle would get the feel of drawing. They looked through a few of Isabelle's books and chose a small photograph of the exterior of a theater. Hugo started lecturing Isabelle. \"You always want to start simple. Start with the basic outline of the major, large objects first, and then you can base the position of the other objects off the main objects.\" And so Isabelle drew a large rectangular prism with some smaller shapes on it that would eventually become the signs and windows. Then, like Hugo said, they drew some more buildings on either side of that. It was as if the picture was gradually expanding from the center. Soon, the rough sketch was completed. \"Now,\" Hugo said. \"Since the light is coming from the sun, the tops of the objects have to be brightest. You have to see which side the sun is on- the sides of the objects that are turned away from the sun have to be the darkest.\" He went on and on, explaining about shadows, details, scale, and other useful things he thought Isabelle ought to know. He told her tricks for making sure something was symmetrical, techniques for shading, and even making up some part of the drawing such as adding pedestrians on the streets and birds in the sky to make it look more realistic. Before they knew it, the drawing was completely done. It had taken them a few hours, but with Hugo's help, Isabelle had something she never thought she could ever create. The drawing of the theater looks almost exactly like the photograph except for their little additional details. \"Well, I have to say we're off to a good start,\" Hugo said, grinning. \"And you knew most of the things that I told you, didn't you?\" \"Yes,\" Isabelle admitted. \"Thanks to art class at school and books from the library, yes, I do.\" \"Isabelle,\" Hugo said slowly. \"I have a question for you.\" \"What is it?\" Isabelle asked. \"Do you-\" \"DINNERTIME!\" Mama Jeanne yelled from the kitchen. \"Let's go,\" Hugo said quickly. Isabelle was a bit confused, but she followed him into the kitchen anyway. Isabelle leaned against her pillow, picking up a book. She pressed the switch on her night table lamp, known as the \" Petit Champignon \" for its mushroom- like figure. Hugo had bought the lamp for Isabelle as a birthday present, since she liked to read into the night. Papa Georges and Mama Jeanne didn't know what it was for- Isabelle doubted they would let her read that late at night if they knew. Suddenly, she heard a dull thud from Hugo's room. She jumped off the bed swiftly, ran outside the door, and knocked on the door to Hugo's room. \"Come in... ow...\" Isabelle pushed open the door. She saw Hugo lying on the floor beside his bed, rubbing his head in pain. She rushed over and kneeled down, panicking slightly. \"Hugo! You're not hurt, are you?\" \"No, I'm okay,\" Hugo said, wincing as he sat up. \"I had a nightmare and rolled off my bed, somehow.\" Hugo had gone to bed earlier than Isabelle tonight, so he'd fallen asleep long before Isabelle started to read her book. \"What was the dream about?\" Isabelle asked, her worried expression disappearing. It was replaced by an amused grin. \"I can't imagine anything that's scary enough to frighten you .\" \"It's a dream I've had before,\" Hugo said sleepily, flattening out his thin, white nightshirt. \"Just last night. But it's nothing much, really.\" Isabelle knew he was hiding something, but she didn't ask anything else about his dream. It could be something personal and something that she didn't need to know- she already knew several things that Hugo would be uncomfortable with telling anyone else. However, another question had been bugging her all evening. \"Hugo,\" Isabelle started cautiously; Hugo looked up, listening. \"What was that question you wanted to ask me earlier this evening?\" \"What question?\" Hugo said, apparently forgetting what he wanted to ask due to his drowsiness. \"Um... never mind,\" Isabelle said quickly, deciding not to press any further. \"Good night, Hugo.\" Hugo smiled languidly, his eyes half- closed and clambering back onto his bed clumsily. \"G'night, Isabelle.\" Isabelle walked out the door and quietly shut it behind her. Stepping back into her own room down the hall, she paused and pondered over what Hugo had just said. She thought Hugo wasn't telling her something, and he wasn't planning to tell her anytime soon. It was truly frustrating; as good of a friend as Hugo was, he could be so surreptitious all the time. Meanwhile, Hugo's eyes were wide open as he lay in bed. He thought about his nightmare, and how he'd rolled off the mattress and onto the cold, wooden floor. The nightmare had happened before; dozens of automata were sitting at their desks, and when they looked up, Hugo's father's face was on each and every one of them. Then, a loud thud echoed throughout the walls of the room in the scene. Smiles curved downwards in shock as a blazing fire erupted from the ground and engulfed the shouting automata. A tear rolled down from Hugo's eye. He got up and out of bed again, walking over to the window, barefoot and trembling. He pushed the soft, silvery curtains apart and the moonlight streamed into Hugo's bedroom through the tall window. Again, he looked to the man on the moon for comfort. Bitterness turned bittersweet, tears of sorrow turned to tears of remembrance, and Hugo finally found consolation that night. Author's Note: Hello readers! This is my first Author's Note ever. I'm sorry for the delay in continuing the two stories. None of them will be discontinued anytime soon! I would like to thank all those who urged me to continue the stories. I set a goal to upload a chapter to this story before 2013 arrives (before 12:00 P.M. EST), so here it is! A new chapter for Golden Trio will come in the new year. Speaking of which, Happy New Year! The BFG ","Summary":" A New Invention Chapter 1: The Magician It was morning, and Hugo weaved through the bustling crowd "},{"Movie":"Hugo","Title":"An Adventure with Hugo","Author":"Narnia4ever62","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8057266","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This first chapter is dedicated to Soul X Maka Forever for her support! :) I really wanna try and finish this story! So, please review? Thanks so much! Isabelle had just got off the phone with her friend Elvina. \"Mama Jeahnne! I invited Elvina to come over...just for a little visit. Is that alright?\" Isabelle called down the stair case. Jeahnne had stopped her knitting and looked at her from the stair case. \"Yes, Isabelle, I suppose it's alright if she visited for a little while. But I would prefer you asking next time?\" She raised her eyebrows at Isabelle. Isabelled nodded with a gulp. \"Oui, Mama.\" Jeahnne smiled at her. \"Good girl.\" And continued with her work. [[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]] Elvina had just gotton off the phone with Isabelle. \"Mama?\" She hurried out of the sitting room and ran into the gardens. \"Um...Isabelle had invited me to visit her for a little while. May go?\" Her mother was sitting on the porch, watching the snow flakes fall to the ground, before vturning to face her daughter. \"Alright, but, please be home by six.\" Elvina nodded with excitement. \"I will! Thank you, mama, I'll just ride my bike over.\" \"Alright, but wear a jacket.\" \"I will!\" Elvina looked back at her country manor before jumping onto her bike and pedalling to Isabelle's house. [[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]] Isabelle happily welcomed her friend at the door, leading her inside out of the harsh cold weather. \"Hello, Elvina!\" Jeahnne came over and kissed both her cheeks as a greeting. \"How was your trip here?\" \"Fine, thank you...altough a little bit cold.\" Jeahnne let out a sigh. \"Yes, the weather is simply horrible out there! Now, come on you two, I made a nice pot of hot chocolate, we'll sit you by the fire...\" Jeanne kindly lead them over to the sitting room. Elvina smiled at her. \"Merci, Jeahnne.\" And the two girls sat on the floor infront of the fire with a nice cup of hot chocolate. \"So, how's your Papa Georges?\" Elvina asked sipping her hot beverage. Isabelle sipped hers. \"He's doing great!\" \"But he still won't let you go to the movies with me?\" Elvina said in more of a hushed voice, hoping Jeahnne wouldn't hear her from the kitchen. Isabelle shook her head. \"No, El. You know how he is...\" Elvina sighed and nodded. \"Yes.\" Then she decided to change the subject. \"How's the toy shop?\" Isabelle sighed. \"lately he's been having some troubles with...a theif.\" \"A theif? Like a real criminal?\" Elvina's eyes grew wide and Isabelle started laughing. \"No, no! Just...a boy...from what Papa georges has told me, anyways. He hasn't stole anything major...just...little toys and parts.\" Isabelle explained. Elvina sipped her drink. \"That's odd...what's his name? Have you seen him?\" Isabelle shook her head. \"I haven't seen him around, yet. But Papa Georges says he sees him around the station, and mostly around his toy shop. He just suddenly appeared...it's odd.\" Elvina thought about it. \"It sounds kinda interesting...I mean, why on earth would someone want to just steal silly little random trinkets?\" Isabelle shrugged. \"That's what I wanna know, too. I hope he doesn't give Papa Georges too much of a hard time.\" Then she looked over to her friend and winked. \"But, I'll be sure to keep you updated.\" Before Elvina could respond, the front door burst open, letting in freezing air from the outside. Then entered Georges. Isabelle stood up and embraced him tightly. \"Bonjour, Papa Georges. How was your day?\" He smiled down at her. \"Evening, Isabelle! Why, hello, Elvina! yes, my day was much better, thank you.\" Jeahnne had taken his hat and coat and hung them on a nearby hanger. Georges took out his pipe, lit it up and sat down in his chair by the fire. Elvina looked up at the clock. \"It's almost six, Isabelle...and I promised mama that I'd get back to her by then.\" She said standing up. Georges looked at her. \"Is somebody coming to pick you up, dear?\" Elvina shook her head. \"No, sir. I rode my bike here, so I tend on riding it back...\" \"I don't know...\" He said opening the curtains to a nearby window. \"It's getting pretty stormy out there...I think it would be best if you stayed over for the night. What do you think Jeahnne?\" Jeahnne looked over at the weather, then at the girls' eager faces. \"Yes, I think that would be a fine idea,\" She stated. \"But you'd best call your mother, and let her know.\" She said. Isabelle and Elvina smiled at eachother. \"And don't worry, Elvina...you can borrow a night dress of mine...\" And they quickly headed into her room. Once they were out of ear shot, Georges let out a sigh. Jeahnne sat next to him and rubbed his shoulder. \"I have a bit of a head ache tonight, Jeahhne. I'm thinking perhaps I should take some pills to ease it down.\" He said. \"Is work stressing you out? Did that...theif come by again?\" Jeahnne asked him with worry. He let out another sigh. \"No, not today, but I fear he might soon enough.\" That's all for now! Sorry if it's no good, but it's rather late at night, I'm dead tired and have a head ache...but I really wanted to get something accomplished! xoxo Reviews are nice :)[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Snow continued to fall heavily outside, and Elvina watched it fall as Isabelle braided her hair. Elvina had long brown hair that went past her shoulders, while Isabelle has short choppy hair up to her chin. Elvina remembers the first time Isabelle had ever cut her hair like that: \"Isabelle!\" Elvina's eyes were wide when her friend had approached her that morning at school. \"You cut your hair!\" Elvina went over and got a better look at it, feeling it's neatly chopped tips. Isabelle's once shoulder - length hair was now up to her chin! She smiled brightly. \"Do you like it?\" She asked. Elvina nodded sloweely. \"If you like it, that's all that matters. Why'd you do it?\" She asked her. Isabelle shrugged. \"Everyone has their hair short, now, see? Look around.\" Elvina glanced around the school halls, and was suprised to realize that she was right! Almost every girl around them had hair up to their chins. \"It's the style.\" Isabelle explained, soon playing with Evanna's longer hair. \"You should cut yours too...\" She said. Elvina shook her head. \"I like my long hair! Infact I plan on growing it longer.\" She said. Isabelle's eyes grew. \"Longer?\" Elvina nodded. \"Down to my waist.\" \"But...why? Everybody else's hair is shorter.\" Elvina smiled at her friend. \"That's partly why I wanna grow it more.\" And they left their conversation at that. \"There,\" Isabelle had finished braiding Elvina's hair. \"Like it?\" Elvina took the braid into her hands and smiled at it. \"It's beautiful! Mum used to always braid my hair as a kid.\" Isabelle sat on the bed next to her. \"How is your mother doing, anyways? Is...she getting better?\" Elvina bit her lip and continued playing with her braid. \"No...not really.\" \"I'm solrry,\" Isabelle took her hand and gently squeezed it, and Elvina returned her gesture with a small smile. Elvina's mother has been diagnosed with cancer in the beginning of the year with her right leg. Lately her leg has been bothering her, but she still continues to work in their bakery, the Boulanger, even though doctors tell her to keep it easy. Elvina tries to help her out in every way that she can, but most of the time her mother is too stubborn, saying that she can do things on her own. \"She's still really stubborn, she doesn't like admitting to me, or to herself that she's weak.\" Elvina said with a sigh. Isabelle gulped. \"But...she still visits the doctors, right?\" Elvina shook her head. \"Not anymore, not unless it's really bad, and she hardly takes her medicine anymore now, either.\" Elvina had to swallow the lump that was in her throat. Isabelle put an arm around her shoulder and gave it a comforting squeeze. \"I...I don't know what to tell you, Elvina.\" She whispered. Elvina wipped her eyes and shook her head. \"You don't have to tell me anything.\" She then looked at her friend in the eyes. \"I just need to know that she's going to be OK.\" [[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]] The next day, after breakfast, Georges walked with Isabelle and Elvina to the train station where he headed to work in his toy shop. \"Hey, Isabelle, I'll try meeting you in the library after I help mama at the bakery, okay?\" Elvina said jumping on her bike. Isabelle nodded. \"Alright! It was nice seeing you, Elvina! Thanks for coming over, and take care!\" Elvina smiled at her before pedalling off towards the Boulanger bakery. The little bell above the door ringed when Evlina stepped in. \"Bonjour, Mama.\" She greeted walking over to the counter. Her mother smiled at her. \"Have a good time at Isabelle's?\" Elvina nodded. \"Oui.\" Then went behind the counter to join her mother. \"Hardly any customers today...\" She mumbled getting on her apron. Her mother sighed. \"Yes, I know...but don't worry, they'll come.\" Her mother patted her on the back. \"I'll leave you to look after the counter while I help Esmma with the rest of the bread.\" And dissapeared intoi the kitchen. Hours passed. It was a slow day, and Elvina boredly rolled a coin around on the counter top. The little 'ding' of the bell above the door caught her attention, though, and she looked up to see Iasbelle. \"Bonjour, Isabelle!\" She greeted warmly. Isabelle rushed over and handed her a book. \"Here, Monsieur Labisse told me to give this to you, he said that you've been meaning to read it, and it just came into the bookstore.\" Isabelle said. Elvina smiled brightly. \"Wonderful! I'll have to remember to thank him...and...sorry I couldn't meet you at the library today.\" Isabelle only nodded. \"I understand...was it a busy day today?\" Elvina sighed. \"The complete opposite, actually!\" Isabelle looked around her, making sure nobody could hear, before saying: \"I saw the theif lurking around the station today.\" This got Elvina's attention. \"Really? When? Where ?\" Isabelle kept her voice hushed. \"Just on my way here, around the huge clock tower.\" Elvina Smiled mischeviously. \"I'm very curious about him...the way he lurkes around...how he just thinks he can go about and steal anything he wants, I wonder if his parents know he's doing it.\" Isabelle shrugged. \"Maybe he's an orphan.\" \"Then, wouldn't the Station Inspector have caught him?\" Just as Elvina said this, he walked through the bakery door. \"Bonjour, madam.\" He greeted., \"Bonjour Monsieur. What can I get you, today?\" Elvina asked him. \"Just a coffee and...a slice of bread with butter.\" He said. \"Coming right up!\" Elvina hurried to the kitchen and told her mother and the workers the order before heading back to the counter. \"Awful weather out,\" Isabelle commented to the Station Inspector. He nodded in agreement. \"And it doesn't help my work, either...\" \"Speaking of your work...sir...\" Elvina began. Isabelle looked over to her. \"Word is that there's a new 'theif' hanging around.\" She said. This got the Station Inspectors attention. \"Yeah?\" Isabelle nodded. \"Yes...a boy, around our age, he's been stealing from my Papa Georges' toy shop.\" She explained. \"And she's seen him lurking around the train station today.\" Elvina added. \"Hmm...thank you for the information, girls, I'll be sure to keep an eye out.\" He said. Elvina went back to the kitchen and gathered the Station Inspector's orders. \"Here you are, sir.\" He paid her. \"Thank you. And I'll keep a look out for this little 'theif'.\" And he walked out of the shop. [[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]] Isabelle was in her bedroom that evening reading a book when she heard a 'clump' against her window. Startled, she put down her book and looked out the window. It was the theif! He was motioning her to come outside. Isabelle looked around behind her, her Papa Georges had just returned home and she could hear him and Mama Jeahnne talking downstairs. But she quietly down the stairs and met him outside. \"What are you doling here? What do you want?\" She asked. \"Your grandfather stole my notebook.\" He said. Isabelle shook her head. \"Papa Georges isn't my grandfather...besides, he isn't the theif, you are! I've seen you around the station...stealing things from other people.\" He sighed in frustration. \"He said he was going to burn nit - please - I don't want him to burn it! You must make sure it doesn't burn.\" Isabelle hesitated. \"Why do you need it so bad?\" He looked at her. \"I just do!\" Isabelle sighed. \"Look...just...go home...please.\" He shook his head and crossed his arms. \"Not without my notebook.\" She sighed. \"Ok...ok, fine. I'll make sure he doesn't burn your notebook. Now just go, I'm going to get into trouble!\" With one last nod, the theif hurried off, into the snowy night. xxx Reviews are love![Chapter 3] As soon as the boy left the yard, Isabelle rushed back inside and called up Elvina. \"He... what ?\" Elvina was quite excited about the news. \"Gee! Brilliant! Bloody brilliant! That theif got a taste of his own medicine!\" Elvina said proudly. Isabelle gulped. \"But...\" Elvina grew silent: \" But ?\" \"But...he told me he wasn't going to leave without is notebook so...\" \" So ?\" Elvina pressed on. Isabelle gulped once more. \"I promised him I'd help him get it back.\" She could hear Elvina groan on the other end of the line: \"Isabelle! Why? After all he did, too...\" Isabelle let out a sigh. \"I know ! And I'm sorry, but...I couldn't help it.\" There was a sigh heard of Elvina's other side. \"Ok. Do whatever you want, I suppose...\" \"You aren't mad, are you?\" \"No, no...just don't try getting me to help him get it back, is all.\" Elvina said. Isabelle smiled softly. \"I won't, I promise.\" Elvina get out a small laugh. \"Better not, but hey, I have to help mama out at the shop tomorrow night, so...I'd better head to bed. See you around ok?\" Isabelle nodded, even though she knew Elvina couldn't see her. \"Yeah! Have a good night, ok?\" \"Ok, sweet dreams!\" and they hung up. [[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]] The next day was much busier at the Boulanger than the day before. So busy, in fact, that both Elvina and her mother had to run the counter, while the rest ran the kitchens. \"Madame Boulanger?\" Tiffany, one of the workers, came out of the kitchen and went up to Elvina's mother. \"We've set out a fresh batch of bread outside about 5 minutes ago to cool off...but...it's not there, now.\" Madam Boulanger looked at her, confused. Elvina quickly stepped in: \"I'll go check on it, mother, you run the counter.\" she threw off her apron and hurried outside. She looked around, the tray was there, but only with a few bread peices left. Elvina thought about it. There's no animals around here... Elvina started looking around, for clues, when suddenly, there was a crash from around the corner of the building. Startled, Elvina quickly looked, and discovered a boy with messy brown hair, bright blue eyes and dirty clothes, he was holding a handful of bread peices and a now broken bottle of milk. Elvina quickly recognized that it was the bread from the tray. As she looked at him better, she also realized it was the theif Isabelle had described to her. \"Theif!\" She exclaimed. This only made him jump more, dropping all of the bread. She took a nearby brrom and threatened him with it, by waving it in the air towards him. \"GO! GET OUT!\" His blue eyes grew wide and without a word, he was off. Elvina let out a curse when she looked at all the dirty bread peices on the ground. \"Perfectly good bread wasted...all because of a nasty theif.\" She spat, and taking the broom back out, she started sweeping up the mess. {{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}} With fear, Hugo ran away, down the street and stopped for a rest in a back alley. The girl at the bakery had frightened him pretty badly, though he doubted she'd actually hit him with the broom. But, you never know... He sat down and managed to catch his breath. It was odd, he'd taken stuff from there before, and he never seen her around. His stomach growled and he pressed his hands against his belly. Then again, it's not like he ever stole much, anyways. Even though he didn't have money, Hugo had decided that he'd only steal at his greatest needs, which was hardly ever...but today, was one of those days. But now I can't get any food tonight because of her . He thought to himself bitterly. He let out a groan. Hunger was taking over him. Now what am I going to do for food? He looked around at his surroundings. There was no sign of food, so he got up and wandered off down the alley. He shoved his hands in his pocket, to feel for his notebook, it was something he usually did when he got scared, nervous, or bored. But, alas, as he remembered, the notebook was not there. Hatred grew inside of him. Hatred for the girl at the bakery for ruining his chances of getting food, and hatred for that old man at the toy booth, for taking away his father's notebook. The wind picked up, causing snow flakes to fly into his face. He let out a shudder and had no other choice, but to turn back for the evening. Once reaching the clock tower, he headed to his room, and sat down at a chair. Ahead of him, was a figure, covered by a huge white cloth. Hugo stepped forward and ripped it off, revealing the automaton. Moonlight streamed through a nearby window, reflecting light off of it's metal face. Hugo lightly touched it, feeling it's cool texture on his finger tips. He needed his notebook back. He needed to fix the automaton. For his father...for him. Hugo felt a lump in his throat, and tried swallowing it down. Hugo missed his father dearly, and the automaton was the only thing left of him. He began thinking about the girl he met yesterday. How her godfather stole his notebook, and how she promised him she'd get it back for him. A little bit of hope has risen into Hugo, but he also knew he shouldn't get his hopes up too high. Most of him believed that she only said that to get rid of him, but there was a little part inside of him that believed that maybe...just maybe ...she would keep her promise. {{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}} Isabelle watched as her papa Georges got ready for work that morning. He was fixing his collar and gently stroking his beard. Isabelle had over-heard him and mama Jeanne talking about the theif, and how he had managed to take his notebook. But she was very confused at the reaction they both got from it, while looking through the notebook, but when Isabelle came by to see what was so interesting, papa Georges had snapped it shut and stowed it away. The theif had told her that papa Georges had threatened to burn his notebook. But papa Georges would never do that...would he? Isabelle cleared her throat: \"So, papa Georges, I was wondering...when do you plan on giving the boy his notebook back?\" Georges turned to her. \"Give it back? And why should I give it back?\" Isabelle wasn't expecting this answer. \"Well - I - I just assumed that you were going to...you are, aren't you, papa Georges?\" She asked him. He shook his head. \"If that little theif wants his notebook back, then he'll have to earn it back! I'm not going that easy on him.\" He said gruffly. Isabelle blinked. \"But - ?\" \"No, buts, Isabelle,\" he said putting on his hat. \"I'm going to be late for work.\" And before she could get another word from him, he was out the door. {{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}} Elvina walked into the library. \"Bonjour, miss Boulanger.\" Monsieur Labisse greeted her. She smiled shyly at him. \"Is Isabelle here?\" He nodded. \"I believe she is in the back, in the Fantasy ilse.\" He explained. \"Thanks, I'll go find her.\" She said. \"Yes, and she is also with her friend, Hugo, too.\" He added. Elvina stopped in her tracks in confusion. Her friend Hugo ? Who the heck is Hugo? She shuffled her feet and hurried over to the fantasy ilse, and sure enough, there was Isabelle, on a tall ladder trying to reach a book on a high book shelf. Facing her was a kid, a boy, about their age. Elvina rushed over. \"Bonjour, Isabelle!\" Isabelle took notice of her, and Elvina nodded towards the boy. \"Who's your friend?\" \"Oh, this is Hugo.\" she said grabbing a book and jumping down from the ladder. Elvina was about to reach her arm out to him, when he turned around to her, but getting a better look at him, she dropped her hand. \" You .\" She said in a dark whisper. Hugo, apperantly recognized her aswell, for he backed away a bit, followed by a mutter of \"hi.\" \"Isabelle!\" Elvina hissed tugging on her sleeve. \"What arew you doing? He's a theif!\" Isabelle let out a sigh and pulled away from her grasp. \"Elvina, I already told you! I am going to help Hugo get his notebook back from Papa Georges.\" She explained. \"Yeah, only now he's burned it.\" Hugo said rather darkly. Isabelle shook her head. \"Hugo, I already told you, it was all a trick. Those ashes weren't from your notebook, ok?\" \"Wait, how long is this going to go on, Isabelle? He was stealing from the Boulanger bakery yesterday!\" Elvina said motioning her hands towards him. Isabelle let out a small gasp and turned to him. \"Hugo?\" Hugo let out a frustrated sigh. \"Look, I'm sorry, alright? I'm hungry, and I need food.\" Isabelle shook her head. \"Alright, well, nevermind that. Look, i think I know how you could get your notebook - \" Elvina cut Isabelle off. \"What do you mean, 'nevermind that'? Isabelle! He can't just go around taking whatever he likes!\" She snapped. \"I never said that, El.\" Isabelle turned back to Hugo. \"As I was saying...I know how you can get your notebook back. Just keep asking him about it, and I'm sure eventually, he will give in. Trust me, Hugo.\" Isabelle patted his shoulder. Elvina made a look. Why is she acting so freakishly friendly towards him? Isabelle's additude towards Hugo was making Elvina feel very irritated. \"Look, Isabelle, I'd better get home and make sure my mother takes her medicine for the evening. I'll see you later.\" And before any of them could say 'goodbye' she was out the door. {{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}} Elvina made sure she arrived at home on time. \"Mama?\" She called, entering the house foyer. \"In the kitchen!\" She called. Elvina hung up her jacket and headed into the kitchen. Reaching into the cupbards, Elvina took out a little bottle with pills in it and placed it infront of her mother. Her mother let out a sigh. \"Elvina...not tonight, sweety.\" Elvina slammed a glass of water infront of her onto the table. \" Yes tonight! Mother, you haven't taken your medicine in a week! I'm getting worried, and just this morning you were complaining about your leg again! Take it.\" She said pushing the bottle and water towards her. Her mother pushed it back. \"Elvina, no...I'll be fine! I promise you that I'll be fine!\" Anger boiled up inside of her. \"You can't promise me that!\" She yelled. \"What's going to happen if you end up in the hospital again, mother? What's going to happen when things get too serious? Who will run the shop? What will happen to me?\" Tears whelmed in her eyes. Her mother sighed. \"Elvina, listen to me, please! It won't be like that, you'll have - \" Elvina interupted her. \"Who? Who will I have, mother? Certainly not dad, considering he left us years ago! And you don't have any siblings that would care for me! I have Isabelle, she's the only one I have, but even right now I'm not so sure!\" tears were now streaming down her face. Her mother closed her eyes, and kept them closed while yelling: \"Get to your room, Elvina!\" In anger, Elvina kicked the kitchen table, knocking over the bottle of pills and water falling everywhere, and ran upstairs into her room, shutting the door with a loud slam ! I think this chapter is a BIT longer this time, guys :) I have so many ideas for this and I'm so excited, and I'm hoping I can fit everything in to go along with the plot! By the way, I'm basing this off both the book and the movie Hugo. But as you may have noticed, I'm not going to copy it from Hugo in specific details. The plot and settings are still going to be the same, of course! But I don't want it to be so boring and make you read every little detail that comes from the book/movie, so I'm adding in some of my own things and telling the story in different point of views :) Please Review! Means SO much! xoxo[Chapter 4] Sorry I have not written in awhile, folks :'( hope I can still get reviews! Elvina had to force herself to get up that morning. She was very thankful that today wasn't her shift at the Boulanger Bakery , considering what happened last night. Besides, she could use a break. Elvina got dressed slowely, afraid of the mood her mother will be in. What if she grounds me? What if she starts yelling at me? What if she makes me work at the Boulanger bakery today as punishment? After she was dressed, she slowely creeped down the stairs into the kitchen. The table was still lopsided on the ground, and the pills were still every where on the ground. Elvina peered into the living room to see that her mother had fallen asleep oln the couch. She's been doing that alot, ever since her husband had left her. A lump formed in Elvina's throat at the thought of her father. But she quickly shook it off and went into the kitchen. With some difficulty, she put the table back into it's place and cleaned up the pills, throwing them out. Elvina propped herself on the counter and looked out the window. The sun was out for once, and there was no snow falling from the sky. A fresh blanket of snow could be seen out in the yard. Elvina had this urge to go outside. But as she was getting her coat on, the phone rang. She jumped, and quickly ran to answer it, in fear it might wake up her mother. \"Bonjour?\" She whispered. \"Bonjour, is this Elvina?\" \"Oui?\" \"It's Isabelle.\" Elvina bit her lip. \"Good morning, Izzy.\" She whispered. \"Why...are you whispering?\" Isabelle asked her. Elvina explained how her and her mum had a bit of a disagreement last night and she didn't want to wake her. \"Oh, alright...well...you aren't working at your mum's bakery today are you?\" Isabelle asked her. Elvina quickly answered: \"No. Why?\" Isabelle continued. \"Well...and I know we had our disagreements yesterday but...I need your help...\" Elvina leaned against the kitchen table. \"I'm listening...\" \"I was supposed to help papa Georges in his toy shop today but...I've...got oher things to do...so I can't. Will you please do the shift for me today? Pretty please?\" Isabelle begged. Elvina sighed. \"When you say you have other things to do...you mean?\" \"Nothing really...\" \"Helping Hugo and his notebook, hmmm?\" Elvina pressed. Isabelle sighed. \"Oh, El, please don't be mad!I know he stole from you and Papa but...I...I just need toi help him. Please?\" Elvina was silent. \"El?\" Isabelle pressed on. Elvina took a deep breath. \" Fine . But I'm not doing this for you...I'm doing this for Georges...when shall I be there?\" \"Oh thank you so much, Elvina!\" Isabelle gushed. \"in about an hour.\" \"That'll be just enough time for me to get there. Bye, Izzy.\" And Elvina quietly hung up the phone. Before leaving, Elvina took a pen and paper and wrote a quick note to her mother, letting her know where she'll be. She stuck it on the fridge, put on a coat and headed out the door, biking to the train station. {{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}} Hugo nervously walked around the train station that morning. He was feeling rather bitter, about the weather, his notebook, his hunger... But at least, he thought, there was some hope for his notebook. With a deep breath, Hugo marched forwards and headed towards the toy shop. He had to get it back. Sure enough, Georges was there, at the counter as usual, attending the shop. Hugo just went out and said it to him: \"Give me my notebook.\" Georges narrowed his eyes. \"No.\" \"I know...I know you still have it.\" Hugo gulped. \"Oh? And how do you know that?\" Georges asked him. Hugo was a little bit speechless, just then, a girl appeared from behind the counter. The one with long brown hair, glasses and was holding a broom. She was the girl from the bakery. Elvina. \"Georges I finished up in the back but I'm having troubles cleaning out the cupbard...it appears to be stuck.\" Georges took his eyes off of Hugo and faced Evanna. \"Oh, yes, that old cupbard is always getting stuck.\" Elvina took notice of Hugo. \"What are you doing here?\" \"I want my notebook back,\" Hugo said looking at Georges again. Georges sighed and Elvina leaned on her broom. \"Don't do it, Georges. He's a theif, and he got his own medicine.\" Hugo felt a jab of pain inside of him. Why is she so cold? \"Look...I'm sorry if I was stealing from your bakery, Elvina, and your toyshop Georges...but...I really need that notebook back.\" Hugo said. \"Well, unfortuately for you, I don't have it with me rfight now, Mr. Cabret.\" Georges said. \"If you really want it that badly, Hugo,\" Elvina piped in. \"Maybe you should earn it back...you know?\" She looked at Georges. \"Make him work for it.\" Georges nodded and considered it. \"I like that idea...well boy, what do you say? Either that or nothing.\" Georges said. Hugo hesitated, feeling a little unsure, but soon gave in. \"OK.\" The old man opened up a nearby drawer and took out a napkin with broken pieces in it. \"Fix it.\" He said. Hugo took it and opened it. Inside was the remaining contents of the broken toy mouse he tried stealing. \"I need my tools.\" Hugo said. Georges brought up a tin can of tools. \"There.\" Hugo hesitated but got to work. he could feel Elvinas and Georges' eyes on him as he worked. he screwed parts back together, hammered edges and glued things together, when finally, he was done. He set it onto the counter. Georges picked it up and wound it up, setting it back down ontoi the counter, and the mouse began moving around. Hugo smiled slightly and Elvina's eyes grew and she looked at Hugo in shock. \"Good, now come in, and go help Elvina at the back with the cupboards.\" Georges said motioning Hugo in. Hugo shyly came through the door and entered the shop, looking around. It was a small toy shop, with shelfs and open cupoards full of old toys, trinkets and books. \"This way,\" Elvina said heading to the back. Hugo quickly followed after, and realised they headed into a little storage room. \"Here,\" Elvina said kneeling infront of a cupboard on the ground. Hugo looked down at her. \"What are we doing with it?\" Elvina looked up at him. \"We need to pry this bad boy open.\" Hugo looked at her with confusion. \"But...why?\" \"Georges says that there are some new toys in here that he wants to desplay on the shelves. Now, c'mon, are you gonna help me or what?\" Hugo quickly went down on his knees and went beside Elvina. The two both grabbed onto the cupboard door. \"Ready? One...two...three!\" The two pulled as hard as they could, but it didn't budge. Elvina let go and let out a frustrated sigh. \"Ok...we'll try it again.\" Hugo nodded and gripped the handle tightly again, along with Elvina. They pulled again, and this time \" Pow !\" It budged. They both stumbled over onto the ground, Elvina landing on Hugo. She let out a groan and opened her eyes, quickly realizing what happened, she scrambled oof of him and stood up, her cheeks burning red. Hugo propped himself up and could feel his face burning, aswell. \"Well...we got it open.\" Elvina quickly turned her attention back to the cupboard. \"Yeah, we did. C'mon, let's bring these toys to Georges.\" They each to a handful and brought them over to him. \"Ah! Wonderful, you two got it open.\" Georges observed. Elvina nodded in response. \"Okay, now, over there there's an empty shelf that I want you to put them on, afterwards, make a sign that says \"New Toys\" Got it?\" \"Yes, sir, c'mon, Hugo.\" Hugo followed Elvina to the shelf and they got to work. {{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}} An hour went by and Elvina was feeling a little exhausted. Now Hugo and Elvina had to clean the top of one of the bookshelves in the shop. Hugo brought out the ladder and placed it against the shelf. \"Hold it steady,\" Elvina told him putting her foot onto it. Hugo nodded and gripped it tight. Elvina looked back at him. \"Because if I fall - \" \"Yeah, yeah, I know.\" Hugo interupted her. \"-I will sue you-\" \"I get it.\" Hugo said rolling his eyes. Elvina rolled her eyes back at him and climbed up, wiping nthe top shelf, thinking to herself: Why does he have to be so darn annoying at times? Gosh... After she was done, she jumped down and handed Hugo the bucket of water and sponge. \"Ok, now it's your turn, c'mon, this shelf.\" She lead him over and carried the ladder. \"Yes, ma'am.\" he muttered under his breath. Elvina placed the ladder against the shelf and held it firmly as he climbed up. Georges came in. \"Well, very well done...it's almost closing time...so you're free to go.\" Georges said. Elvina took the apron off and hung it up. Georges paid her. \"Thanks, Georges.\" Hugo turned to Georges. \"Can I have my notebook, now?\" Georges shook his head. \"You haven't worked it off yet. Come back tomorrow, you too, Elvina.\" Elvina looked at him. \"You want me back?\" Georges nodded. \"You've been an excellent help...you wouldn't mind, would you? You would still be paid.\" Elvina smiled. \"No, not at all...I could use the extra money, I'll try to be here as much as I can.\" \"Whenever you're done at the bakery, your shift ends at 3, right?\" Elvina nodded: \"Most days.\" \"Good, I'll see you then.\" and Georges led them out. Haha, I decided to give Isabelle the nick name Izzy ;) So please tell me what you think? And I'm trying to write more! xx[Chapter 5] Another Chapter! 3 I appreciate the reviews! Elvina got off of her bike and stored it away in the shed. It had began snowing again and she had just arrived home from working with Georges and Hugo. The lights were on in the house, she could see it through the kitchen window, and she wondered if her mum had gotton her note. Soon enough I'll find out. She thought. Opening the door, she shook some snow off herself and headed in. \"Mother? I'm home...\" Elvina closed the door and shook snow off her boots. Her mother came around the corner and greeted her: \"So, how was it working with Georges at the shop?\" her mother asked her calmly. Elvina hung up her coat. \"It was great, I even made some descent money.\" Elvina said calmly, walking past her mother into the kitchen. \"Hmmm,\" Was her mother's reply. \"Yeah, infact he finds me really useful and wants me to continue working there.\" Elvina explained, getting herself a cup of milk. \"But the bakery - \" \"I start right after my shift at the bakery, mother, so it'll be ok.\" Elvina interupted her. \"And how will you get home?\" Her mother asked her. \"Same way I always, do, on my bike.\" And before her mother could make another comment, she had left the room, headed up the stairs and went into her bedroom. Case closed. {{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}] The next day, right after her shift at the bakery, Elvina headed straight to the toy shop in the train station. \"Ah! Bonjour, Elvina. You're just on time, you can join Hugo in the back, he's helping me fix some old broken toys.\" Georges said, greeting her. \"Oh, and also...while he's doing that, there are some old toy soldiers that need a re-paint job. I know you're the creative one, so you could do that, if you'd wish.\" Georgeas added. Elvina slipped on her apron exclaiming: \"You're the boss!\" And headed to the back, where sure enough, there was Hugo. He was sitting on a stool at the counter table and was screwing something into a little toy elf. Elvina just walked passed him towards the painst and got hedrself ready. He looked up from his work. \"Bonjour.\" She only looked at him from the side and nodded. \"Hi.\" Hugo sighed and set his tools down. \"Elvina...I...I'm really sorry! Look, I can't help it if I'm...a theif! It's the only way I can actually make a living! It's how I survive.\" Hugo said. Elvina grabbed the toy soldiers and looked around for a spot to sit. The only spot left available was another stool next to Hugo at the counter. With a sigh, Elvina slipped onto the stool and started opening her paints. \"So...\" She looked over to him. \"Where are your parents? A guardian at least?\" Elvina asked him, rather sharply, ignoring his apology. Hugo gulped and looked away. \"I don't wanna talk about it.\" He mumbled. Elvina huffed and dipped her paint brush into the blue paint jar. \"Well, fine. Just stop trying to steal from our bakery, we honestly cannot afford it right now.\" Hugo looked back up at her. \"Yeah...and...I'm sorry...I didn't really know...I...I know things are hard...especially with your mother and - \" Elvina slammed the paint jar on thed counter. Hard. \" How do you know about my mother?\" She hissed. Hugo gulped and looked away. \"Is-Isabelle mentioned it to me.\" Elvina sighed and started painting the soldier. \"Just... don 't talk about it, please.\" She murmered. Hugo nodded and silently went back to work. A half hour went by. They were silent for most of the time. But after a half hour, Elvina broke the silence: \"Hugo? Why do you want your notebook so bad?\" She asked him, adding two eyes to the toy soldier. Hugo was a little startled by the sudden question. \"Well...I...it's...just...a secret.\" He whispered out the last bit. Elvina purked up a bit. \"I like secrets.\" She stated. Hugo bit his lip and narrowed his eyes. \"Yes...but...I can't trust you.\" He said. His words somewhat affected Elvina strangely. \"Oh...no? Why not?\" Personaly, Elvina thought she was terrific with secrets, she keeps Isabelle's safe all the time. But then again...she didn't really expect Hugo to know that. \"You've been mean to me.\" Hugo stated simply. A sharp jab of pain went through Elvina. \"Oh...\" She looked away and continued on with her soldiers. I am not mean to him! She thought about it more: Maybe...a little un-friendly...but I have my reasons. Good reasons, too. I would never just not get along with someone for no good reason. Elvina huffed and continued painting the toy soldiers, when Georges came in. \"Well, children! You've been a good help, today! Hugo, you're getting better...and I might consider giving you your notebook. Elvina, good work as always.\" Georges handed her some money. \"It's time to close the shop,\" Georges added. \"So off you go!\" And off they went. As Elvina and Hugo stepped outside, into the cold windy, snowy weather, she came up with another question: \"Where do you live?\" Hugo turned around to her, looking un-comfortable. \"Look,\" He said. \"I've told you that I don't trust you.\" Hugo must have quickly realized the hurt look on her face because he said: \"Look...please don't take it personaly. Not even Isabelle knows! I...I just can't have anyone find me, is all.\" Hugo started explaining. Elvina remained silent, refusing to look at him, she shoved her freezing hands into her pocket. Hugo stood there awkwardly before muttering a \"goodbye\" and heading out. But Elvina was curious, terribly curious to find out more about the theif, Hugo. She watched from afar as Hugo scurried off towards the other direction in the snow. Taking a couple steps forward, she began following him. Terribly sorry, this is such a short chapter but I'm deathly tired and very busy! :'( Please Review? :) xx[Chapter 6] In my last chapters I know I've been having spelling issues and mistakes, but now I'm trying to edit it as best as I can :) Unfortunately, I do NOT have spell check... Lately I HAVE been awfully busy but I still want to continue! Thank you for all your support: Soul X Maka Forever Anyone TheBFG Rfjejevfjfsvevjf anon xLuvStruckIdiot hgkj V Haha, most of them are random anonymous names x) But I still love their support! xxx Elvina followed him as closely and as quietly as she could. They were only a few feet away from eachother and occasionaly she had to hide behind buildings, poles or carts, in order not to be seen. The wind was cold and it peirced through her ears, making a low whistling sound. Snow constantly flew into her face so she was forced to squint. It was freezing out, but she was still determined to find out where Hugo lived. She prayed that it wasn't too far. She watched him carefully as he walked across the sidewalk and over to the side of a building. Hugo stopped in his tracks and looked around. Elvina hid herself carefuly. Then suddenly, Hugo ducked down behind a nearby trash can. This got Elvina's attention. What is he hiding from? She peeked over around the corner and noticed the Station Inspector lurking around with his dog. She raised her eyebrows and smirked to herself. So that's who he's hiding from! She got out of her hiding spot and casually walked over to him. \"Bonjour, Mister Inspector.\" She greeted him. He took notice of her and nodded. \"Bonjour, Miss Boulanger, how is your mother's bakery? No more theif, eh?\" She told him the truth: \"No...he hasn't shown up around Mother's bakery yet, but I would still keep a look out.\" She knew that it was wrong to rat out on him like this...but she thought it would be safe if at least when she's not around, someone kept an eye on him. He nodded. \"Thank you, Miss Boulanger, I will keep my eye out. No theif is going to be causing trouble on my account!\" And with that, he left. Elvina quickly went behind a wall and peeked over to the trash can, which was about 15 feet away. She hoped Hugo hadn't heard them or saw her...but she doubted it, considering how far away they were apart. She could see Hugo peeking over the trash can, and seeing that the coast was clear, he bolted off. Elvina quickly followed after. Soon enough, Hugo came to a stop. They were in the middle of the train Station. Elvina looked at her surroundings. Just some cafe's, newspaper stands and...a huge clock tower. Elvina watched closely as Hugo creeped around the clock tower. He pressed himself against the wall and went down towards a little vent. He kneeled down and ripped it open, dissapearing inside. Elvina stopped in her tracks, clearly confused. Why did he go inside the clock tower? He couldn't possibly be living there...could he? There's only one way to find out... She took a couple of steps foward and decided to follow him in, when suddenly she felt a hand on her shoulder, causing her to jump. She quickly turned around and realized it was just Isabelle. She sighed in releif. \"What are you doing?\" She asked her, feeling annoyed. Isabelle looked away shyly. \"Sorry...I didn't mean to scare you. I...just wanted to say 'hi'.\" Isabelle explained. Elvina felt guilty. \"Oh...sorry, Isabelle.\" She sighed. \"I'm just really annoyed with Hugo.\" They began walking away from the clock tower. \"Really? He really is quite nice if you were to give him a chance, El.\" Elvina shrugged. \"He's not very nice to me.\" She said stubbornly...which wasn't entirely true. Isabelle sighed: \"Well you aren't exactly entirely nice to him, either, El.\" Elvina's face turned red with annoyance. \"I'm not mean to people randomly, Izzy! He's being a little bug! He almost acts as if he owns the train station! Except around the Station Inspector, that is...\" Elvina said. Isabelle looked over to her. \"Oh, by the way, if the Station Inspector ever asks, please lie and tell him you know no information about Hugo - \" \"Which I don't.\" \" - And pretend you haven't seen him since?\" Isabelle continued. Elvina eyed her. \"Why?\" \"Well...to tell you the truth, I know not much about Hugo. But you see...what I do know is...his father died awhile ago, and right now he's living on his own, fending for himself. If the station Inspector finds him he'll be sent away to the orphanage!\" Isabelle exclaimed. \"So?\" Elvina muttered. \"An orphanage is better than nothing! And besides, if he's there, at least he won't be stealing from everyone.\" Isabelle grabbed her by the arm and stopped her in her tracks. \"Oh, El! How can you be so heartless? Just try putting yourself into his shoes and stop thinking about yolurself all the time! He's apologized, didn't he? And it's not like he's still stealing from you! He truely feels bad, because he knows what condition your mother is in now - you can give me heck for telling him later - Elvina...what would you do if your mother died? You have nobody...no friends...no place to go...nothing. And you need to get food. You meet a young girl and she chases you away with a broom. And as you're still trying to go through with your life, alone, cold and hungry, no matter how sorry you are...she keeps on being awful towards you! You wouldn't want to go to an orphanage, El, if you were in this situation.\" Isabelle's words had really stuck to her. The realization hit her hard. And for the first time, she actually put herself in Hugo's shoes. she felt a lump in her throat and a stabbing pain in her chest. She was feeling guilty. Terribly, terribly guilty. \"Besides...I think he really likes you.\" Isabelle added. This made her feel even more guilty and she quickly wipped her eyes. \"El...? Are you okay?\" Isabelle asked, concerned. Elvina ignored her, though and ran away. She hated crying, it made her feel weak, useless. She hated it when anyone saw her weak. Just the thought of losing her mother made her feel sick...and that's exactly what happened to Hugo and his father. And to think she has been treating him like rot all this time... It really made her think of her mother. It made her scared. She knew very well that if her mother were to die soon, she would have to where to go, or relative to care for her. She had never felt so alone. She went to a nearby cafe and sat at one of the tables, wiping away her silent tears. She looked up at the time. It was now seven o'clock. She knew her mother will be in a fit when she got back home so late. But...she didn't want to go home. Not yet. She wanted to stay there, in the little cafe, where it was quiet, and cozy. A place where she could be alone. She rested her head on the table, and fell asleep.[Chapter 7] Thanks for all the reviews! :) I appreciate it, it REALLY gets me going! Elvina was roughly shaken awake. \"Hmmm...\" She stirred and opened her eyes, her vision cleared up a little bit and she could make out the Station Inspector infront of her. \"Miss Boulanger!\" He hissed forcefully. She sat up and rubbed her eyes. \"Huh? What's going on?\" \"Miss Boulanger! Do you realize that it is 4 AM? My phone has been ringing off the hook in my office! Your mother is worried sick and I've been looking everywhere for you! Why aren't you at home?\" Elvina's eyes grew big and she bolted out of her chair: \"Oh putain!\" \"Hey! Watch your language.\" The Station Inspector called running after her out of the cafe. Elvina slowed down. \"I'm sorry! But I was supposed to be home hours ago! I hadn't realized that I fallen asleep!\" She suddenly stopped in her tracks. \"4 AM? Why didn't the cafe close and kick me out?\" She asked him once he caught up to her. \"The owner of the shop practically lives there! They're always open 24/7.\" Hed explained. (Haha, and don't you dare review to tell me that's un-realistic ;) we actually have a cafe over here like that, the owner has a house in the back of the shop and it's always open! ) Elvina rubbed her head and let out a groan. \"My mother is going to kill me! I didn't mean to fall asleep!\" \"Here, I'll give you a ride back home.\" She followed the Station Inspector into the street where his vehicle was parked. After telling him the directions, the Station Inspector drove her back to her house. \"Thank you for the ride back.\" Elvina said un-buckling her seat belt. \"You are very welcome, now, would you like me to walk you to your door and explain to your mother you're alright?\" He offered. Elvina shook her head. \"I fear it might make matters worse. But thank you.\" She closed the door behind her and began walking up her driveway. Sure enough, the porch lights were on, lighting her path, along with the kitchen lights, which were shinning through the window. She numbly opened up the door, her mother quickly hurried over to her. \"Elvina Maeve Boulanger! Do you have any idea what time it is? Where the hell have you been?\" She shouted. \"Mum! It was an honest mistake - I swear! On my way back from the toy shop, I went into a little cafe and fell asleep! I'm sorry! I didn't mean to! You can't blame me for that!\" Elvina tried explaining herself the best she could. There was no way she was about to tell her mother the reason was because she was stalking a theif! \"You should have come straight home, Elvina!\" Her mother pressed. \"I was so sick with worry! I had the Station Inspector look in every corner of the train station!\" She rubbed her temples and let out a sigh. \"What am I going to do with you? Why were you at the cafe, anyways?\" \"I...I was thinking.\" Elvina said quietly. Her mother was confused. \"You were thinking? Of what?\" \"I was thinking of you. I'm getting really worried, mum. Your leg is hurting alot and you never take your medications. Why are you doing this to yourself? To me?\" Her mother let out a sigh: \"Well, you shouldn't be worrying about things like that, not now. Don't worry about me, Elvina, please.\" \"Then do something so I won't worry.\" Elvina said firmly. Silence came between them and her mother just stood there, staring at her. After a couple minutes her mother just said: \"It's late, you should get some rest. I'll let you have a day off the Boulanger tomorrow, maybe you're just over-working yourself.\" And without another word, she dissapeared into the living room. {{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}} Hugo entered the toy shop the next day, feeling a little bit tired. He had to work the clocks again right after he got back from his work at the toy shop yesterday night. He had run into Isabelle and she asked him eagerly if he'd seen Elvina. He shook his head. \"Not since yesterday, really. Why do you ask?\" She sighed. \"I think I've made her a little upset yesterday, and late at night we've recieved a call from the Station Inspector asking us if we knew where she was! Apparantly she hadn't returned home that night!\" Fear was in her voice. This got Hugo confused. \"Really? Well...that's...quite odd. What did you say that could have gotton her mad?\" He asked her. \"We were talking about you, and I was giving her heck for being so mean to you, again. But she's very touchy at the topic with you.\" Tears had begun stinging her eyes. \"Oh, I do hope she shows up!\" She placed both hands over her mouth, feeling a little stick. But Hugo was deep in thought. He was remembering how hurt she looked when he said he didn't trust her. And if Isabelle had somehow gotton her angry by just talking about him... Hugo felt awful. It's his fault why she's angry! He has caused so much trouble in her life, he couldn't blame her for being angry at him. Hugo could feel his own eyes stinging with tears. He didn't necessarily like causing trouble for people, of course he never does it purposely. Georges himself even let out a sigh. \"Apparantly the Station Inspector has been looking everywhere last night for her.\" Tears streamed down Isabelle's face. Just at that moment, the shop door opened and there entered Elvina! Isabelle let out a shreik and ran over to her friend, flinging her arms around her tignhtly. \"Oh Elvina! You're ok!\" She exclaimed. Elvina was glued to her spot, eyes wide at the strange greeting: \"Umm...yes, I am, why?\" Isabelle quickly pulled away. \"Well, we thought you had run away!\" Elvina blinked: \"Pardon?\" \"Late at night we had recieved a call from the Station Inspector, informing us you didn't return home that night.\" Georges explained. Elvina sighed. \"Oh, right, that. No, no...I didn't run away, I merely just fell asleep at a table in the cafe. The Station Inspector found me earlier this morning. That's all, I didn't run away.\" She explained. Isabelle sighed with relief and hugged Elvina. \"Thank goodness!\" Georges patted her on the back and handed her a broom. \"Good to have you back! In the back there's a broken vase that needs cleaning up.\" \"Yes, sir.\" She said dragging the broom along. Georges turned around back to Isabelle. \"By the way, mama Jeanne wants some lilies in our kitchen, will you be a dear and run uptown to get some?\" Georges said handing her some money. \"Alright!\" She hopped off her stool and headed out. Hugo followed Elvina to the back, where they were out of ear shot. \"I'm...I'm glad to see that you're ok.\" He said. Elvina stopped her sweeping and shyly looked over to him. \"O-oh. Thank you, Hugo.\" She quickly turned back around and began sweeping again. Hugo let out a sigh: \"I...I was afraid that you ran away because of me.\" This got Elvina's attention and she quickly turned to him. \"You... what ?\" Hugo gulped, but repeated himself: \"I was afraid that you had ran away because of me. I know I've been such a bother to you, Elvina.\" He said. Elvina's eyes grew and her mouth dropped: \"No! No, you're not a bother!\" Hugo raised his eyebrows, this was an interesting turn of events. \"Elvina, don't lie, all week you've been complaining how much of a bother I was! And don't you dare deny it.\" He said. Elvina looked at the floor and set down her broom. \"Hugo - no - I - i- I'm sorry!\" She blurted out. This startled Hugo. \"The reason why I went over to that cafe last night was because I was upset. Isabelle helped me realize what a selfish, mean, heartless little monster I am! I never did take the time to put myself in your shoes, Hugo...and for the first time last night, I did. I kept looking down on you because you're an orphan and couldn't fend for yourself. I titled you as a theif. Well, now I realize that I'm pretty much just as much as an orphan as you are.\" Elvina looked away from him, trying to hide her teary eyes. \"You already know about my mother's condition. She's not taking any of her medicine and she's getting sicker by the day.\" She let out a hiccup and Hugo quickly realized that she was crying . Hugo was frozen in his place, feeling rather awkward. He never was in a situation like this before. \"I'm so sorry,\" She whispered to him. \"I've been awful towards you.\" He found himself stuttering. \"N-no...well..I-I...I forgive you, Elvina. Oh, please don't cry.\" He handed her a hanky, a hanky, he realized that was the one Isabelle had lent him a couple days ago when Georges 'burnt' his notebook. Elvina greatfully took it and wiped her eyes. Hugo let out a sigh: \"I also want to apologize. I mean...you can't take all the blame. I was no help in the situation at all. I should never have tried stealing from you.\" Elvina looked at him, a little suprised that he was apologizing. \"I forgive you, and...you forgive me?\" He nodded. \"I forgive you.\" She sniffled and took out her hand. \"Friends?\" He smiled and took it, shaking it happily. \"Friends.\"[Chapter 8] Elvina and Hugo were back in the toy shop the very next week, getting along quite well. Hugo had just finished helping Elvina when she nudged him on the shoulder. \"Psst, look at Georges!\" Hugo looked up towards the direction she was looking at and saw that Georges had his playing cards flying around! His eyes grew wide and they both exchanged suprised looks. \"Georges!\" Elvina skipped over. \"How do you do that?\" By the time she had arrived, the cards were back down on the table. \"Do what? Play soliaire?\" He asked innocently. Elvina shook her head and Hugo came up behind her. \"No! We saw you - you were making the cards fly around you...like...like...\" \"Magic!\" Elvina exclaimed finishing Hugo's sentence. Hugo nodded in agreement. The old man smiled slyly. \"I haven't got any idea what you two are talking about.\" Elvina put her hands on her hips. \"No?\" He smiled and then preformed a little trick for them, flipping the cards into the air and having them fly around. By the time he was done, the two both had huge grins on their faces. \"Now, get back to work.\" And he shooed them away with his hands. They hurried off and continued working. But hours later, they noticed that Georges was asleep. \"I've never actually seen him sleeping before...\" Elvina stated. Just as she said this, the door opened and there entered Isabelle. She motioned them forward with her hands. They quietly crept over. \"What is it, Isabelle?\" Hugo asked. \"Have you found my notebook?\" he asked hopefully. Isabelle shook her head and whispered. \"No, but isn't your guys' shift over?\" They both nodded in unison: \"Pretty much,\" Elvina said. \"Then come, I wanna bring you two to the library!\" isabelle grabbed both of their hands and lead them over inside. \"Did you happen to find my notebook, yet?\" Hugo asked her eagerly. Isabelle shook her head. \"I was looking for it last night...but I couldn't find anything.\" Hugo let out a frustrated sigh, then said: \"You'd better not look in it.\" Isabelle crossed her arms and huffed. \"Why not?\" \"Because it's a secret!\" \"I like secrets!\" Elvina sighed. \"Isabelle if he doesn't want you to look, then don't.\" \"Fine,\" She crossed her arms. \"But if I drop it and it falls open I'm not goling to close my eyes!\" Hugo rolled his eyes and mumbled. \"Of course you aren't...\" Just then the door to the library opened and there entered a young man with an eye patch. \"Etienne!\" Isabelle and Elvina exclaimed in unison. He smiled: \"Ah! Isabelle, Elvina! It's no suprise to run into you two at the library...\" He trailed off and laid his eye on Hugo. \"Who's your friend?\" \"This is HJugo. Hugo, this is Etienne, he works at the cinema nearby. He sneaks Isabelle in because her Papa Georges doesn't allow her to go to the movies.\" Elvina explained. Hugo tilted his head. \"Well, why not?\" Isabelle shrugged. \"I don't know. Any good movies out recently?\" Etienne nodded, smiling. \"Yes, there's a good one playing tonight, you all should come, I'll get you in.\" Elvina and Isabelle smiled and turned to Hugo. \"What do you say, Hugo?\" Etienne asked. Hugo was hesitant. \"Well...I...I don't know...\" \"Please, Hugo?\" Isabelle begged. \"It would be such fun!\" Elvina pleaded. Hugo looked back and forth. \"Well...alright.\" The two girls smiled brightly. \"This is going to be great!\" Elvina said happily. Isabelle nodded. \"Well, I should return to Mama Jeahnne, I'll see you later, Elvina and Hugo.\" \"Don't forget about my notebook!\" Hugo called, but she was already out the door. Elvina went over to the bookshelves and began scanning around. Hugo decided to look around himself. He soon came across a magic book called Practical Mannual of Card Magic and Illusions . As he flipped through, it interested him very much. And he very much wanted to keep it, but he hadn't any money. He looked around his surroundings. Elvina came up behind him, making him jump. She jumped back. \"Sorry! Didn't mean to frighten you!\" He bit his lip. \"You didn't...frighten me.\" She noticed he was holding a book. \"What do you have, Hugo?\" Hugo turned away. \"Nothing much...\" But Elvina was faster than he, and snatched the book from his hands. \"Oh! A magic book - I do love magic!\" \"Hey - give it here!\" \"Can't I see it too?\" Elvina asked him, flipping through it. Hugo took it back and tucked it under his arm. \"Are you going to buy it?\" She asked him. His face turned slightly red. \"Well...I...I was hoping I could just...read it here.\" She smirked at him and handed him a dollar. \"Here, go buy it, if you'd like.\" Hugo took the dollar in shock. \"You sure?\" He asked her. She nodded. \"Sure - why not? Enjoy it!\" He smiled: \"Oh - I will!\" And left. Finally! Another Chapter :) PLEASE review! I need motivation to continue! ","Summary":" This first chapter is dedicated to Soul X Maka Forever for her support! :) I really wanna try and f"},{"Movie":"Daybreakers","Title":"Untold Attraction","Author":"UglyTruth","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5927997","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Daybreakers Untold Attraction Charles Bromley's Office, Bromley Marks The very first thought that sauntered into her mind, was that she felt cold. Every single hair on her body had risen into goose flesh and truth be told, she didn't enjoy the sensation. What made the entire situation more severe in her clearing head was that she only ever found the temperature to be so low in vampire housing. Her eyes were open before she could even feel the rest of her limbs coming back to awareness and she saw exactly what she had feared. But in the following seconds, she realized that she had expected nothing of what she found in front of her. The room screamed expensive from the spotless glass table to the straight-backed sofas that illuminated the room with white leather. This was the last place she'd anticipated herself to be when she came round. Chained up, drugged to the gills and hooked onto a machine would have been a more fitting picture. Straining herself into an upright position on the edge of the uncomfortable piece of furniture, she turned where she sat, taking in the rest of the ethereally lit office, noting how there were no wooden objects whatsoever. Not that she had rationally expected to find any, but a glimmer of hope never hurt. It had kept her alive for the past few years. Her gaze drifted around the room in a few frenzied heartbeats but failed to spot the camera, carefully concealed in the neon lighting of the walls. Her chances had already been slim when she'd regained consciousness and now they had diminished into nothing. Painfully unaware of this as she was, she followed her resurfacing instincts as her eyes landed on the objects, carelessly left on the sheet of glass in front of her. Barely an arm's reach away, laid the weapon she had immediately been seeking out. It was nestled innocently between the untouched marble ashtray and a letter of bulging content, to which she paid no attention. She knew she didn't have long to ponder her decisions and her fingers clenched around the icy handle of the letter opener as though they had been molded onto it. Her only protection in the world right now. She'd tried to desperately to evade this and simply ended up sucked right into the eye of the cyclone. She was on her feet now, her cells tingling with need to be active in this hostile environment. She kept the weapon securely tucked against her side as she dove for her belongings. Of course, that was the moment the doors on the opposite side of the polished room had to slide open, bathing the setting in more unnatural light. Her breath hitched in her throat as she saw him step out. Her first reaction was not even provoked by his frozen appearance; he had looked just the same when she had fled as a young teenager, almost a child. So immature and yet she had refused to accept the life he had chosen for herself, knowing the evils it brought upon the soul. Even though she was too young to comprehend the entire meaning of the disease, she'd known it the second her father had set those golden eyes on her. She could never be the daughter he wanted. She would never let herself be filled with the bloodlust that made him into the man he was now. Those eyes were set on her again, judging, calculating and assessing her disheveled appearance. Disapproving. That part of him had obviously not been erased by his vampirism. Groomed hair, stainless suit, clean face; yes, her father had definitely not ceased from being his old perfectionist self. Just the way he looked her up and down made a sensation of inadequateness roll down her spine and she could not help but sneak a glance at her very ragged, rumpled clothing. Unfortunately, as her gaze briefly drifted down, so did his, and landed on the reflective object in her fist. His head tilted slightly as he clicked his tongue, almost as though he was tutting at her five-year-old form for naughty behavior and his eyebrow rose as though to mock her, Do you seriously think that will get you anywhere? Then his voice cut the simmering silence hanging over them, the gruff tones smoothed out into a reassuring drawl, \"You don't need that\" Not even his voice had changed a fraction, excluding the simple, clipped words that he used in her presence instead of the fatherly warmth he had once exhibited. Not in his new life. Eternal life apparently didn't require much emotion. The way he gestured to the object in her hand made her feel put on the spot and she cursed herself for not hiding it in her sleeve while she had the chance. He had vampire senses; of course he would pick up on the tiniest detail. Her head slumped on her shoulders and she stared at the makeshift knife with something akin to shame. Had she really been naive enough to assume this piece of sharpened glass would get her out of the building alive? Save her from possibly hundreds of vampires infesting the rooms. Stupid. She didn't even know what floor she was on, what building she was in, couldn't even comprehend how she had gotten from the caravan to…wherever here was. A city? Her hometown? Her father's workplace? His new mansion? So many unanswered questions that she had not been able to consider in the few short seconds of her reawakening. All she could focus on was the fear that was striking her to the core that the once so familiar, comforting image of her father had been distorted right in front of her and she was now being told by an absolute stranger, \"You are safe here, I promise.\" But fear needed to be harnessed. She could not afford to show her terror in front of the perhaps only trustworthy person she would find. The only one she knew. Her trembling hand clenched around the opener as she raised her gaze back to him, goose bumps rising again as her tangled hair brushed over her exposed collarbone. It was so cold in here. Her look of inquiry signaled nothing of her discomfort though as she straightened her shoulders, \"Where are my friends?\" That, he held no answer for. Or if he did, he chose to ignore the question that shakily passed her lips. His response was to step into the expanse of the four walls enclosing her, advancing towards her with slow steps as though he was approaching a timid animal. Was that what she was to him? It wouldn't even surprise her if he thought that of her. Fragile. Weak. Human. Her breathing grew rapid again and she instantly moved away from the narrow space between couch and coffee table to distance herself. He let it pass, though it didn't go unnoticed. He had her terrified and struggling to swallow her fear and he knew it. His surface expression remained melancholy though and a fleeting ripple of gentleness passed over the stony features as he closed in on her. She could have sworn those frozen gold eyes were glassy. His eyes roved over her with something that reminded perhaps of faint fatherly admiration as he whispered, \"You look so beautiful. You've grown up so much\" Many, many months ago, an entire lifetime ago as it felt to her, she would have received that look gratefully, knowing her father was pleased with her. However, given the situation she had been stranded in, she was simply petrified by the surrealism of it all. Her body responded with adrenalin kicks as a result of her increasing fear. Her chest heaved with rapid breaths and her blood ran cold in her veins. Her body practically sizzled with the desire to flee as he strode closer to her with every word. She was backing away, even though she tried to stand her ground but the supernatural vibe had her struggling, despite his reassuring words. He stopped his advance mere inches away from her, squaring his shoulders and gazing down upon her in a manner that may have been protective but only sent chills down her limbs. She knew she had to calm herself and hear him out, keep him centered on his apparent joy upon seeing her. Her face morphed into an expression of desperation as she pleaded with him. \"Dad, please\" Her voice was steady and any tremor in it would have been justified as worry for her fellow humans. Most likely, there weren't many left to worry about. She could almost feel his body sigh at her request but once again he avoided her question and instead searched her face with those unnaturally stark iris' of his and continued to declare his stirred up feelings to his daughter. His act was spot on, she noted, so exact that it almost seems genuine. \"I'm so happy to see you,\" he paused as though struggling to breathe normally through his emotion, \"I never thought I'd see you again, sweetheart\" It was too much. That face, the movements, that voice but all of it a façade. She allowed his hand to curve along the back of her skull, allowed him to press her close to him in a gesture of comfort but really, the tears flowing down her cold cheeks to soak his suit were not those of relief at their reunion. They were traces of regret that he had ended up this way. That she would never have her true father back, holding her like this, telling her, \"You're safe now, you're safe\" in that cool but always reassuring deep voice. Most of all, it was regret that he had chosen to be this way. The Vampire in him was evident, not only in his eyes. She knew she was making the right decision all along but when his fingers glided over her tangled strands and he whispered the words into her ear, she felt that he next move was perhaps the most appropriate thing she had ever done to her father. His cold flesh brushed past her neck as he finished his sentence, \"But your friends…there's nothing I can do. I'm sorry\" It was enough to make her pull away. She locked her wide eyes on his visage, drank in every aspect of his carefully placed features of misery that failed to impress her. This was how she wanted to remember him, to remind herself that she had made the correct choice every time somebody tried to convince her otherwise. Emotionless. Bloodthirsty. Undead. Then she hurled all her anger out in a single sentence and shoved him away as she yelled, \"You're not sorry!\" She didn't even turn to look at him as she ran to the elevator he had entered from, did not listen to his gasp of surprise as he felt the wound she had ripped into his eternally preserved vampire flesh and saw the spreading red blotch on his shirt. Only when she tightened her grip on the dripping weapon and turned to ensure he did not make a move to restrain her, she met his disbelieving face. She could not help but embrace the smugness that rolled through her at the sight of him - finally caught off guard and by his own very human daughter at that. He was frozen where he was, pressing a hand to the wound, even though it could not be deep enough to prove fatal. The blow was all that mattered. She may not have been attracted to violence in the way other humans were in order to survive but this felt like a victory. It was written all over his face as he realized, she would never believe another word from him. A crazed smile began to form on her lips. She heard the soft noise of the elevator doors gliding open and saw the light spill over the stained carpet in front of her. She would escape. He still didn't move. Almost like he was too stunned to comprehend what his own flesh and blood had done. She whipped around on the spot, leaving the sight of the graying man behind her as she headed into the elevator. She should have known there would be more resistance than her father to face. She barely had time to blink at the armed soldier before her as his weapon descended on her and hit its target with a precision that left her on the ground, out cold for second time in this day.[Chapter 2] Bromley Marks, Basement, Confinement Cell #27 She was alone again when her consciousness returned. She was also back in a horizontal position, though on a much more uncomfortable surface. Her back ached and her muscles contracted painfully as she rolled herself into a sitting position, massaging her forehead gingerly. There were questions rolling around in her head again, some of them stupid questions, some unimportant ones too and all without answers. First and foremost - what is going to happen to me? Her father may have planned this. He may have not. He may have had no other choice but to throw her in here, now that she had made it crystal-clear that her loyalties still led with her dying race rather than with the only family she had left. The only relative she had ever had really. But to trap her in a cell? It only confirmed her knowledge of vampires' emotionless state when it came down to it. Human life had no value other than being sustained in order to survive on their blood. A human injures you; you either drain them yourself or hand them over to a farming facility. So why was she confined yet again instead of being sucked empty? Wouldn't she deserve such treatment after stabbing him? Questions with no answers. Her eyes began to scan her surroundings, habit kicking in once more as she sought to distract herself from what could be and might happen. Her mind needed to be occupied with something other than painting pictures of her impending death, however it may come upon her. Perhaps a simple cut of her throat? No, what a waste. She would be drained first. Probably alive to elongate her period of usefulness. She shook the speculations away with effort. Thinking about it made her sick to the stomach. Instead she began to let her body do the analyzing, running her fingers along the seams of the room, the texture of the concrete walls and the feeble warmth of the embedded white lights. No secret doors of course. There were no stains on the ground but somehow she felt it in her body that there had been creatures in this very space who had spent their last moments on this floor. That didn't exactly comfort her. She paced the perimeter of the cell a few times, counting each step without even being fully aware of it. None of these steps were taking her closer to freedom anyway. A sound akin to a laugh escaped her mouth as she realized that in here might actually be the closest she would come to safety. Just how pitiful could you get? She sank down into the darkest corner she could find, legs angled as closely as possible to her body with her arms tucked around them. It was all she could do to stay sane in this world that was slowly decomposing into savage demons that would sink their teeth into another, hiding behind their human faces. Her back felt wedged between the two walls and she could feel the cold settling on her skin through the thin top. Where her jacket had gone, she couldn't recollect. Someone must have taken it off her. Maybe they wanted to kill her through hypothermia, she mused bitterly. Her lids gradually slackened to shield her eyes from the glare of the lights that tinged everything in ethereal blues and grays. She was tired. Tired of so many things that could not even compare to her physical fatigue. Letting go of the waking world, even for only a few hours, grew simpler and simpler with every minute. A tiny part of her wished that she'd never open her eyes again. She just wanted to stop fighting and stop feeling that crushing fear wherever she travelled. She had never felt seriously suicidal before in her entire life but sometimes…sometimes she wondered if it would not be easier to end this existence. Become immortal? No. She'd not once considered it. Her father's pleading had stayed in her mind for the first few months after her departure but she'd never played with the offer seriously. Never. Her resolution had solidified in these years of separation. She would not become a vampire. Not if anybody's will was forced upon her, not even to save another human. She'd rather die for that person than become something like that . Death was different. Death would be final, the way out that was her choice alone, not that of her father. Her head finally slumped onto her knees as she let sleep conquer her for the time being. There was an unknown amount of time left for her, maybe just a few minutes and she wanted to find peace for those moments until she would be faced with new horrors. She knew they'd come, inevitably, but for now she dusted the worries away along with her hope for a miracle. The days started molding together, forming a continuous flow of time right past her. Sometimes a meal was placed into her confinement, a plate of instant-noodles or a packet that she recognized as beef jerky. No fresh food, since that had been discarded from these facilities. To them it was useless after all, merely an aid in keeping their human livestock healthy. But even they only received nutrition from a tube into their bodies. Who needed a personal greenhouse full of beans and tomatoes if they could not satiate their body with it? She was grateful for the regular servings somewhat, as they had been scarce these past few years but with each plate of food always came new suspicion. The first time she had awoken to an unexpected lunch, she had left it untouched for at least three hours, believing it to be poisoned before her body betrayed her and had her grasp the cold bowl with eager fingers. She spent the remainder of the day waiting for her body to shut down on itself or to convulse in pain. But no evidence of poison appeared. The second day she spent less time resisting and gulped down the entire contents within moments. By the third meal, the only confusion remaining was about what motivation her father could possibly have to keep her alive. If it wasn't for blood harvesting, what could it be? On the fourth day she didn't even question the presence of the heated beans that were brought in and placed next to the door. She had toyed with the idea of making a dash for it when the door opened, but the possibility of her being able to overpower the guard was almost zero and the likelihood of her even making it to the main entrance of wherever she was, even less. So she settled upon digging into the food she was given and juggling with different theories of what could be fueling these acts of, as she grudgingly admitted, kindness. By the time what felt like another day passed, she was not only beginning to feel the lack of fresh oxygen and sunlight tugging on her, but she felt increasingly like a caged animal. Walking up and down the length of the room reminded her of the predatory big cats she had seen at a zoo almost a decade ago. They had also prowled the sides of their barred homes repetitively. Back then, her father had soothed her anger at those 'cruel zoo keepers' by explaining that animals of such danger need to be locked behind bars so they wouldn't attack people that simply want to marvel at them. A dry smile stole itself onto her mouth as she thought of herself, here, in the same position. She? The dangerous one who ripped people's throats out? What a joke. What really bothered her was the constant blue-white light. It hurt her eyes whenever she reverted to staring at a random spot on the grainy walls. She figured that her constant sleepiness interlocked with her to inability to tell whether it was day or night. She could hear when the guard outside was replaced once a day, which meant that it was shortly before the crack of dawn because the day shift started before sunrise in order for most vampires to lock themselves in the safe haven of their homes. Her meals were also an indication of around mid-day but after that time seemed to pass either too slowly or very quick. She killed her time with sleeping and then walking off the excess energy and restlessness in the limited space she had. In moments where sudden anger and desperation overcame her, when she thought about where the other humans from the convoy must be right now while she was vegetating away in this dingy cell, fed and safe from the outside world, she would pound her fists against the door. She would kick against the neon lights and beat the walls aimlessly until she collapsed with exhaustion and the adrenalin washed away, leaving her feeling helpless all over again. These moments seemed to gain in frequency the longer she was left in her solitude. She grew afraid of losing it altogether and maybe succumbing to the next person she'd see. Letting herself be fed on. If they ever let her out that was. By the sixth morning she told herself she was done feeling sorry for herself and contemplating what could and may happen, when clearly, nothing terrible was going to occur anytime soon. There had been no messages from her father, no threats from the guard who brought her food and certainly not a single doctor who had tied her up and shoved a needle into her bloodstream. She was somewhat convinced that she'd been forgotten for the time being. Her father would return to her at a later stage, when he thought she would have been driven to a point of agreeing with his notions. It was time to forge a plan. Perhaps not a foolproof one, since she had close to no idea what she was up against, but a reasonable one that would somehow, with an impossible amount of luck attached, get her out of this place. Her mind sketched plans, which she scribbled out and renewed over and over again. Every single time, they ended up focusing on the guard that visited her with her daily bunch of calories. She couldn't get out of this cellar of a room by drilling holes in the walls so she would need to use other opportunities. Inconveniently, there were no bathroom runs allowed for her, so she'd helped herself to a corner of the room in order to get things out of her system. Not that she cared about such trivial things anymore but that fact ruled out another opportunity of escape. They weren't going to let her out of the room…so she needed to invent a plausible reason for them to take her to her father and somewhere along the way she needed to find a way to run for her life. Great plan. Wherever she was, and however many vampires roamed this place, this was more or less her only chance. She knew that she was more likely to die or be thrown back in here than to even catch a glimpse of the sky but she couldn't wait in here any longer. Her skin crawled uncomfortably at the thought of staying much longer. She knew she would go insane. She hadn't spoken out loud since the last four days apart from unidentifiable words of rage when she had attempted to demolish the walls and talking to herself was already occurring more often than normal. Either they threw someone else in here with her, preferably human, or she'd truly lose it sooner or later. That left the option of running away once again. She even ruled out rescuing any of the wonderful, brave people she had travelled with. It all came down to the fact that she didn't know anything about where she was being held captive. No information equaled having to make a blind dash for it, lowering chances of success anyway. Any extra humans to worry about would be her downfall. The plan was slowly but steadily forming in her head as she paced the cold floor, chewing on the nails of her right hand with anticipation. What time was it? She paused in her walking as it occurred to her that she needed a rational story to tell the guard in order for them to actually allow her into her father's office. Should she just plead to see him like a scared-to-death, loving daughter or simply demand to be brought to him with the same icy air that he used? It seemed to intimidate people, hopefully humans and vampires alike. If they asked why, what could her story be? She'd changed her mind about his proposal? No. He'd immediately sense something wrong. But realistically…could it be that he'd planned for her to finally cave in under the pressure of confinement? So engrossed in her survival plan, she barely heard the muffled exchange of words behind her prison's door but as the steel shifted, she realized it was time. The moment was here and she wasn't prepared. She turned on the spot and faced her greatest fear standing in the doorway. It was here that events already began to turn in the wrong direction. The soldier appearing in front of her was not the man who was generally responsible for her meals. An unfamiliar face. He was younger. Also shorter and less packed with muscle than the man who usually dumped her food on the ground and with a face that did not look lined by war hardships before it had been frozen eternally. Most importantly though, his hands held no food. Meaning, that he entered with completely different motivations. Her plans went down the drain in that instant and she felt her familiar friend, fear, rising in her chest. Her hand dropped from her lips as dread lashed through her like a stinging slap and she moved further away. Her eyes widened to take the danger in immediately, giving her the appearance of a deer caught in headlights, just before it gets run over. Ironically, her situation was quite similar. Deep inside, she knew this was her end, in form of this mockingly handsome man in the green uniform and sling around his arm, haloed by the white light streaming in from the corridor. He stood in the doorway for a lengthened heartbeat, taking her in just as she was tracing every feature on him. He was statue-like in the way only vampires seemed to be, letting their prey drink in the sight before striking. Her face hardened into an expression of both wariness and warning at once, taking another step back as he finally moved towards her. The door slid shut behind him. Any escape routes had evaporated before her eyes. All she could do was keep fighting now, at least inflict any possible pain on this vampire before she died. \"Get away from me,\" she hissed, eyes blazing as though to burn him alive if he took another step. He was, naturally, entirely unfazed by her. To her immense fury, he even spoke to her as though she was child in need of explanation. His words were aimed to reassure her, take her terror away and expose her need for security. \"You don't need to be scared of me\" His voice was silky, caressing the silence around her like the touch of a loved one. Was this the voice he used whenever he was about a tear a victim to shreds? She was not fooled but she found herself struggling to break the spell of his charm even though he'd merely spoken a single phrase. Her body was tempted to relax into his words of comfort. She had been deprived of any reassurances for a while now but her mind refused to believe them. He continued advancing on her in her dazzled confusion and only his sudden proximity had her snapping out of her reverie. She repeated her warning, louder and more forceful this time. Her eyes fixed on the unnatural golden eyes that bored into hers as though there was nothing else in the world that could intrigue him more. \"Stay away\" she demanded, voice shaking just a fraction but all her mistrust and anger falling into her order. Words were the only weapon she had left. He paused in his approach. His head cocked to the side slightly, eyes glowing in the light cast upon them. His white features looked upon her with pity, fascination even, as he considered her attitude. The orders he'd been given echoed in his head as he stared at the human girl, not comprehending her refusal when, in her situation, it was plain stupid to deny immortality. \"Is this what you want?\" he asked and was pleased to see her anger melt into realization as she recognized the question as the one her father had asked her countless times, \"To live in fear?\" His body slunk forward again, closer to her and now he could smell the blood. The thick, pulsing liquid between the layers of her skin that called to him. It took a lot of willpower for him to focus on his words now as he moved closer. He knew he was giving it away, his hunger for it, because his eyes kept darting towards the artery in her throat. \"See, I can help you,\" he proposed softly, enjoying the way her frightful eyes snapped to attention immediately, \"I can make you one of us. You can live forever.\" He knew he was losing his grip, he felt it slipping as he closed the space between them and was merely centimeters away from the freshest source he'd been near in months. It was unbearable. The heat from her body fogged his mind and he completely shut off his rationality as the memories of pleasure that drinking from a living, breathing, struggling victim, resurfaced. If his ears picked up her furious denial, the sound of her \"No!\" resounding in the confined space, it did not reach his blood-crazed brain. His teeth were lengthening already and he was barely a breath away from sinking them into the sweet flesh. Then a scream pierced through his head and there were warm hands pressed against his chest, shoving him back against an upright, hard surface. As her yell cleared the haze in his head momentarily and he understood the words she bellowed at him, his vision went red with adrenalin. There was no more distinguishing between male or female, young or old. Whoever it was, his victim was fighting and he enjoyed its feeble attempt to incapacitate him. \"Fuck you!\" she told him and he wanted to throw his head back and laugh at her verbal abuse. It would not spare her from her fate. Her thudding fists against his upper body had no effect whatsoever. In fact, it served to spur him on further. It excited him and enraged him and just like that, all restraint fell away. His head rose above hers as his fangs extended to their full potential and then he buried them so deep into her neck that he could feel them tearing straight through the blood vessel. Then there was nothing but bliss. Hot, searing, heavenly bliss. Her blood was everywhere and overwhelmed his senses. He pressed against her and she staggered backwards, writhing uselessly in his grip. Her own hands clawed at him, tried to fasten around the back of his head to force him away from her neck but as her energy ebbed away with her blood, she barely managed to hold onto his shoulders. The sounds of his sucking on her life were everything that could be heard in the stillness. Gasps of strain mingled with heavy breathing. He felt her slackening in his grip around her waist with every passing heartbeat. As much as it tortured him to do so, he knew he'd have to pull away soon. Her fingers were sliding down his arms, barely able to contract around the fabric anymore to keep herself upright. Another strangled groan from the girl and he dropped her. Her petite body fell away from his mouth and she collapsed on her side on the concrete. Blood pooled around her but he didn't spare it a glance. His absolute focus was on the fire that had erupted inside him. Pure, undiluted human blood was coursing in his starving system and he savored every second of the high. His lips were parted in his state of intoxication and his tongue darted out to swipe them clean of the precious fluid. His chin dripped with her unwillingly given blood and for once since a very long time, he could not care less that there was any wasted. He had stilled his thirst in excess. When his composure eventually returned and his senses sharpened to their regular alert state, he opened his eyes. His gaze fell on the pathetic form of the girl in her own blood, beginning to spasm as his bite took effect. The virus was in her system and now there was no turning back for her. His mouth dripped red like the savage wound that lay bare to his eyes. He felt the tug of blood but this time he held back, knowing she needed to complete her change. He would be punished severely if she faced her demise at his hands. Lying in her fetal position, on her side, she began to twitch as he stood by and watched her convulsions in a dispatched manner. The rush in his body was subsiding and as his heart calmed and fangs retreated to their usual size, he slowly crouched down beside his victim. She was heaving already, her hands clutching air in strange contractions as she rolled onto her back, eyes shut and teeth grinding in pain. His transformation had been painful, he dimly remembered, but it was a torture that he'd accepted as a small sacrifice in exchange for this life. A life he reckoned he was suited better for than his good-for-nothing human existence. He'd never regretted it. But Bromley's daughter here, she had been resisting even when she knew there was only one other way out. How could she be so adamant on her death? Could she not see what a gift this change was? He gingerly rolled her onto her back fully to prevent the grimy floor coming into contact with the torn area, noticing the subsiding warmth of her body as the heat was drawn out of it. He simply looked at her, taking in the skin that would soon bleach to white and the untamed russet hair. Everything about her appearance was unkempt, presumably from travel and struggle. Despite the unwashed clothing and dirt that smeared her skin, he could imagine the delicate beauty that her father wanted to gift with immortality. In a few hours, her humanity would have subsided, and he would receive praise from the man who had given him the life he'd always dreamt of. Funny that Bromley had turned out to have a human child that he could not control with all his influence. As the soldier stood up, he brushed off the peculiar twinge that manifested in his stomach at the sight of her now. It somehow bothered him that she was in such torment, a pain she was mainly bringing on himself by fighting the change, but an immeasurable agony nonetheless. Cursing at himself under his breath for this unexpected sensation of empathy for a human , which would be so much more fitting for his brother, he distanced himself from her. Trying to leave this irritating guilt on the floor, where it belonged. Her groans were subsiding as she slipped away into unconsciousness and as he thudded his fist against the door and gave Alison Bromley a last once-over, he witnessed her first tears escaping.[Chapter 3] Bromley Marks, Basement, Confinement Cell #27 Charles Bromley rarely set foot into this area of his billion-dollar tower. As a matter of fact, he'd only come down here once when being consulted upon whether or not to convert this entire level to an experimentation lab. He'd declined, not wanting to waste capital on yet more scientific research. His primary objective was to harvest blood to sustain his primary business and he'd already funded his other fractions more than sufficiently. He did not know that a blood scarcity was to befall the planet mere years later and he'd come to value his research team more than he liked to admit. That's when the lowest floor was discovered for its usefulness. Degrading vampires that could be used as test subjects and remaining humans could be boxed up here, hidden away from the outside and stored until their demise or the need for them arose. At this moment, any human cells were depleted of life, which was a great cause for worry. Bromley would never, with even a twitch of his body show that he was concerned about vampire survival, but in the long run it seemed inevitable. Unless his useless research and development departments managed to create a blood substitute, there was little hope for the majority of the population. However, this was not his motivation for travelling all the way to the lowest floor. His perfectly composed demeanor distracted from the interior but he was truly agitated. A guard had brought him daily news of his daughter's state since her arrival and in all honesty, the recent report had unnerved him. He'd known she was stubborn but this went beyond the reaction he'd expected. The black leather of his shoes shone in the fluorescent lights that were embedded in the wall. His expression remained calm as he approached her prison and waved off the guard accompanying him. He eyed his surroundings distastefully, noting that perhaps he should have invested a small sum into the upholding of this level. It reeked of old blood and decay from several of the cells and if the colour of the ground suggested anything, it had not been touched by anything remotely clean in the past years. He stepped up to the solid barrier that separated him from his daughter and raised his eye to the peep-hole. His greeting was the sight of a bare concrete floor, spotted with puddles of dark red here and there, and it took him a moment to adjust his gaze and seek out the prisoner. She was standing with her back to the cell door, arms either crossed over her chest or hugging herself around the side. He couldn't tell from the angle she was standing in. Her head was bowed against her chest and even through the cloudy lens; he could tell that her general appearance had altered slightly. She was, finally, sharing his miracle. And rejecting it simultaneously. She seemed slimmer to him, more willowy in her posture, and she was standing in such stillness as only his kind could. Her skin was paler, perhaps from the transitioning into her new species or from the blood depravation. It must have been an entire day now that she'd gone without a single drop. He had the urge to scold her for her stupidity. Did she really want to kill herself in this miserable, cowardly style? He had saved her and yet she wasn't accepting the fact as it was. He moved back as the guard to his right spoke, eager to state the obvious just to prove his attentiveness. Or to break the tense silence that the boss was shrouding himself in. Bromley regarded him only shortly as he announced, \"She won't drink her blood ration, Sir\". He wasn't interested in the incompetence of his own soldiers. He was even less engrossed in this man himself whose only significance was to keep any street scum, which currently resided down here, away from his daughter. If such a case should arise that was. Not likely, but better safe than sorry. He indulged the man with a curt nod before letting his eyes dart pointedly to the steel door. The guard turned immediately, punched in a six-figure code into the panel that was fitted into the wall and then backed up as the entrance opened for the most important entrepreneur in the city. The stench of blood increased as soon as he stepped into the narrow room. He was relieved to find the smell of freshly spilt blood more potent than the dry stains on the floor. Had she finally come to her senses and fed? She did not turn to look at him. Apart from shifting her weight slightly and hunching her shoulders a fraction further, she gave no indication whatsoever to having noticed his presence. Her father sighed inaudibly, letting his eyes travel over her still, white form. He dearly wished that her features had turned out just as beautiful as he'd hoped. However, that was when he also noticed the rivulets of dark liquid running down her arm, which had suddenly dropped to hang by her side. What astounded him more than the sight of it was the penetrating scent it emitted, as though drawn straight from a body. His features shifted into a stunned mask as realization set in and he choked out her name. \"Ali…\" He couldn't even get the word out. His overwhelming disgust broke through and he fell silent, only responding to her with his eyes. Wide, golden eyes that held desperate denial. A strained moment long, she didn't even react to the sound. Then her body seemed to move itself on its own accord and she turned her face to him. Her shoulders were rigid but her muscles trembled with effort and her gaze was fixed on her father just as his were on her, but faraway. The scene in front of her did not exist in her vision. She was blind to her surroundings, being consumed by the sensation of blood running through her system. He was shocked beyond words by the sight. His daughter standing there with the stance of one of those street rats, teeth clamped down onto one of several wounds on her forearm. He distantly felt the urge to throw up at the thought of taking in his own blood, leeching on it like she was. He let out a breath, letting it escape as an \"Oh\" of concern. He did not expect to be thrown into this situation and couldn't quite deal with the reality of it yet. He found himself attempting to reason with her. Murmuring just loudly enough for her to hear his words of rationality and fatherly scorn. Trying to hide his revolt. \"Ali,\" he named her affectionately enough to sound worried, \"What are you doing? It'll poison you\" She did not seem to care, or hear him in first place. But then the terrible sucking stopped and she lowered her mangled arm. To her father, it seems an eternity before it finally fell to her side but what stared him in face now, was even worse. For a brief moment, his humanity re-grasped hold of him and he looked in horror upon what was once his sweet-natured little girl. His dear Alison. The creature that was sizing him up from under her lashes, body language that of a child caught with its hand in the cookie jar and a desperately insane animal, was not his daughter. Her face appeared to be stuck in both grimace and gleeful smile. The fact that she was smeared in her own dark blood added to the image that should please him, but only managed to hold him shocked. She was not meant to devour her own body. Taking her own blood, it was going to kill her. He could see in her crazed eyes that she knew it just as well as he. Every single infected cell that made up Alison must have been screaming at her to stop but with sheer willpower she managed to swallow from her own wounds. Incredible and terrible all at once. He did not know what to feel. He did not even understand why he felt this coil of emotion tumbling around inside him anyway. For years this thing had not even stirred, excepting the occasional flare of annoyance and anger. All he'd known was bloodlust and perhaps satisfaction after a fresh kill. Not this. Concern toward another being. Even if she was his daughter. He found himself angry, at her, at that soldier he'd ordered to change her, at his growing failure of sustaining the city with blood, at the human race even. His rational side laughed at him for his instability when it came to Alison. It all bubbled down to her devotion to humans. Why did she have to oppose it so horribly? She could lead a life, a proper, safe life again if only she let herself experience this existence. Not standing in a dingy cell, refusing her more than fresh rations and instead attempting to mutilate herself to end it all. With her fangs protruding from her gums in that sick smile and the blood-tipped hair hanging around her head, she looked like the born predator. She'd be such a perfect vampire through and through if only she stopped fighting, He realized he had remained in his position of stunned silence when Alison spoke to him. Her voice was guttural, altered by the havoc which her own blood was working in her body, and in every syllable he could hear the accusation. \"Is this what you wanted?\" she growled at him, words cracking in her throat. If her emotion was not contained in her new body, he knew she'd be crying in her anger. She was just like that as a child. Simply without the bitter tone and the gasping breaths that she took to reign in her new bestial fury. He resumed his fatherly farce, softening his mouth and letting his eyes narrow around the edges to assume a regretful expression. He knew it was a convincing mask - that of being affected by her words even though his stone soul no longer felt such stabs of resentment. Not since many years. To perfect the character of remorse he was playing, he lifted his hands to his chest, defeated. Even his pleading murmur has the perfect touch of gentleness in it. \"Oh, Sweetheart…\" She didn't let him finish his apologies. \"Is this what you wanted?\" She repeated her question, more forcefully, though in a more human tone. Every word was hurling the blame for her state at him like she would gladly put a bullet through his skull. He could read her self-hatred on her face, inconveniently less than her despise towards him in this second. She prowled towards him as she spoke. Her movements weren't as energetic as they could be if she had fed but nonetheless fueled with anger. He wondered briefly what her reason for this advance could be. Did she believe she could get past him? The vampire was evident in her threatening position and while he kept his face hooded with an expression of remorse, he felt the urge to let it contort and bare his fangs. Not that he did. It would only encourage her in her spiral of self-destruction. Instead he backed up gradually as she approached him. That was a wrong move on his behalf. She stormed forward then and with her newborn physical strength grasped his immaculate suit by the collar. Her fists curled around the silky material and he knew they would leave it in creases. However, while his brain registered these tiny, irritating details, he did not move in defense as she whirled him around, pulling him sideways until he was pressed into the ledge where wall and light met. He registered her sobbing, furious growls in her ear as she repeatedly cried, \"You did this! You did this!\" but he could only stare in silence at her blue-bathed form. She was a mess all over. Her face was livid and heart-wrenchingly sad at the same time. Blood was dripping from varies torn areas onto her clothing, her skin, the floor. He had never seen anything quite like it close up as he was now. The degrading vampires scavenging the streets, sure, everyone knew about them, but he had never wished to come within touching distance of one of those . He felt as though somebody had thrown a pail of icy water over him, leaving him drenched in his worst nightmare – his daughter transforming into a mutant. Paying attention to her as he was, he wasn't prepared for her next course of action and suddenly experienced the taste of vampire blood on his tongue. She had smeared her arm across his face, forcing the leaking wound into his mouth. Now he almost did retch, not only at the sensation but the mere principle. He fought her pressing limb, alarmed and utterly revolted. His struggles were weak enough to be withheld by her fatigued body. Apparently the ability to feel terror had not faded completely and now it had him paralyzed in one spot. He could not bring himself to throw her off. She was still screeching at him, blazing eyes wet as she repeated, \"You did this!\" in volumes that he had never realized she could reach with her soft voice. Charles Bromely's saving grace appeared in form of the fidgety guard who seemed to have decided the noise levels from the cell as abnormal and now invaded the prison in combat mode. In a flash, he had his fury of a daughter by the waist and her weight was lifted off him. The vampire gasped, choking on the torrents of blood he'd almost been made to swallow and thoroughly shaken by what had just occurred. The soldier had pulled Alison clean off the ground and was backing out with her still resisting in his arms, screaming the haunting words at her father as she was taken away. The girl's string of curses melted into incoherent yelling as she was dragged out of earshot. He was left sagging against the wall, breathing raggedly. He shuddered as he felt a few streams of blood dripping off his nose and onto his lips. He must look terrible. Dear lord, simply his clothing had taken a beating. He looked as though he'd been a fight and things had gotten out of hand, like in his very distant teenage years. Mere moments later, before he'd even had time to properly regain his composure, the uniformed guard who'd accompanied him earlier silently appeared by his side, awaiting further direction. Bromley huffed in a deep breath, then stood straight and straightened his dirtied jacket with an air as dignified as he could manage. Without sparing his companion a glance, he spoke with no emotion to the silent room. \"This stays absolutely confidential\" The soldier mirrored his stoic tone and did not move from his position as he replied with a disciplined, \"Yes Sir\" \"Where was she taken?\" Bromley questioned, tucking his collar back into his suit jacket and using a handkerchief to clean the majority of the redness away. \"Medical lab, second floor, Sir. She'll be given sedatives. They will treat her injuries once she is stable\" Still the same voice from the guard, absolutely no acknowledgment of the dramatic nature of the situation. Bromley sighed, exiting the room with steadier steps than he hoped. Good. He didn't dare lose his composure in times like these, especially in front of his soldiers. Nobody wanted to be working for a man who lost complete control of himself when confronted by such issues. That suggested he was inclined to human emotional behavior, maybe even sympathy, which was not the case. The younger man followed silently, back up the stairs he'd come and towards the elevator. Bromley caught himself eyeing the guns on his belt with interest and promptly looked away. He had considered killing his Alison for a brief moment when she'd shoved a letter opener into his abdomen but that had been out of instinctual revenge. The thought did not last long. Now though, now he was at a loss of what do with her. She was so stubborn. How to convince her to accept this life if she could not even be brought to sustain herself? No, apparently she'd rather die by poison. As the elevator doors slid open and he stepped inside, a new idea slowly slithered into his head. An idea that was just about as hopeless as it was intriguing. There was always a way to convince people and he believed he'd perhaps found a trigger to do just that with his daughter. He faced the guard again and reached out a hand to intercept the doors closing on him. His eyes caught the other man's in his usual cold indifference. \"Sergeant, get me Frankie Dalton to my office. I need to have a word with him.\" The soldier nodded mutely again, raising a stiff hand to his temple in confirmation. \"Sir\" The older man nodded his approval and then added, on second thought, \"And once Miss Bromley is fully fed and back on her feet, make sure she does not get anywhere near her own flesh again. If I have another mutant on my back, I'll be sure to make somebody responsible for it.\" He accentuated his idle threat with a look that had the man across whitening visibly beneath his pale complexion. Then the space between them was cut by the doors sliding shut.[Chapter 4] Elevator 3, Bromley Marks Frankie Dalton had honestly no idea what he had been summoned for. It was unusual for him to be requested in singular presence by the big boss and the last time it had occurred was when his daughter had been apprehended. He hadn't spent a thought on the incident in her cell for the past two days. He had been occupied with an irregular routine of rounding up the filth residing in the sewers of the city, which wasn't exactly a simple undertaking. He knew it was necessary but to spend his working hours in the canals under the roads, catching the fleabags by waving some bloody meat in their faces, wasn't what he'd joined the army for. Those things went crazy at the smallest whiff of blood and the rest of his division had trouble getting them bound in the electrical restraints. He couldn't imagine the majority of the population dissolving into such insane bats in less than a few months. According to the stony look on his brother's face, whenever he commented on the restlessness grabbing hold of the people as the rumors about this blood-starvation spread, it was true though. He had briefly wondered if he would be affected, but brushed off the thought shortly thereafter. He worked for Charles Bromley, the most influential business tycoon in a hundred mile radius. A man who seemed to confide in him more than any other of his guards recently. If there was one thing he knew, it was that the man kept his employees well fed. He sat right at the source of it, really. He definitely wouldn't starve while hired by Bromley. His mind meandered back to the girl as the doors to the penthouse office opened. He half-expected her to be sitting on the sofas that he stood before now, but she was not present. Still in her holding cell he guessed. Her father however, stood by the window, observing the rising commotion on the streets below. Darkness had set in a few minutes ago. Life was beginning to fill the city. The soldier dared to move across the room silently, since the other man had yet to acknowledge his presence, until he stood before the sharp-edged, black desk. He hovered there with his arms by his sides save for the one that what still in that inconvenient sling and a blank expression on his face. After several lacking heartbeats of silence in the room, the older man turned around to face the visitor, his face etching into an approving smile. \"Frankie, my boy\" he nodded, maneuvering his body onto the heavy armchair that stood behind the desk, \"I hope I'm not deterring you from your duties\" \"No, Sir\" he replied, puzzled by the conversational tone that Bromley seemed to be striking up more and more recently with him. His face remained perfectly intact though. \"But I'd like to inquire why you had me called.\" \"Yes\" came the answer and Bromley leaned back in his chair, linking his fingers together on the edge of the desk. \"I need you to complete a confidential task for me. In fact, I'm sure you'll rather like your new position\" The soldier stood motionless, awaiting the bombshell drop. \"As I asked of you a few days ago, you performed the transformation of Alison,\" the man started, twiddling with one of countless platinum pens as he performed his speech, \"And you have done so successfully. However, she refuses to accept her new condition and attempted to poison herself by drinking her own blood yesterday\" That was a small shock but it came as no surprise to Frankie. She had made her abhorrence of his kind and her future very clear. Drink her own blood? A gradual and painful way to die, if that was really the path she chose. However, all these statements brought him no further towards an answer as to why he had been called. Was he to be punished in some form for her foolishness? \"As it is, I obviously cannot leave her alone for a moment until she stops this nonsense,\" Bromley continued, a crease of irritation becoming visible on his otherwise smooth forehead, \"She has been forcibly fed and her body cleansed of any toxins in the medical ward but I don't want her to stay there. So,\" he rose from his seat with an air of great self-satisfaction, \"I'll have her moved to my home. You will see that she arrives safely\" Frankie felt the foreign urge to raise his eyebrows at that. This piece of news was the reason he'd been called up here? To be told he needed to escort the man's daughter to his private mansion? However, his exasperation at this fact was quickly overturned by the words that followed. \"I've chosen you to keep her controlled 24/7 so she does not find any more chances to enact these suicidal tendencies. You will be given board at my home and I expect a report of her behavior every day. You will be with her or watching over her at all times of day. I don't want any more accidents\" His job description ended with flourish and it took the young man a few seconds to understand this new situation. This had just hit him so unexpectedly that he fumbled for the right reply. \"Yes, Sir\" he pressed out for good measure, \"But why would you give me this task, Sir? I'm sure there are more capable people who can handle your daughter. I'm no therapist. My brother would be more suited for this than me.\" Modesty was always good and right now he meant it. There was no way in hell that he could get that girl to lie down on a sofa and tell him what was on her mind in order to reform her attitude towards life. Neither was there any reason for him to have to undergo such extreme boredom. He was a soldier, an army-bred, disciplined man who feasted on action, not sentimental exchanges with a vampire who simply wanted to revert to her human form or die. Realistically, it was the latter that she wanted. Why did he have to convince her to stop killing herself? Just how was he meant to do that? Bromley simply waved off his arguments with a flick of the flashy pen in his direction. \"Not at all. I wouldn't appoint you if you weren't capable and, no offence to him; but Edward would not be the man for the job. He would sympathize with her. I can't have that kind of emotional attachment if he is to get her to come to her senses. He is needed here. No, you two are both going to get along just fine. Since you are her creator, I think she is very much likely to listen to you\" \"Sir,\" the young man protested, \"I'm sure it would be more beneficial for her to appoint a proper caretaker…\" \"Alison is perfectly capable of taking care of herself,\" Bromley frowned at him, \"All I need you to do is watch over her and ensure she feeds once a day. There are rations in the house. There is also a concierge who comes in twice a week, so really you don't need to take care of anything. Though,\" he hesitated with narrowed eyes, \"if I didn't know better, I'd get the impression that you are not up for the task, Dalton\" The last phrase was accentuated with a raised eyebrow that had Frankie growing rigid with frustration. No, he was not scared of this situation. Spending time with that adamant girl was just not on the top of his to-do list. But then again, the prospect of free, plentiful amounts of blood every day just for babysitting was inviting. Pros versus Cons. \"Your daughter is in goods hands, Sir,\" he declared, nodding obligingly towards the vampire who, in turn, threw him an overly relieved look. \"Excellent. I knew I could count on you. I'll be expecting a lack of crisis when I come home tomorrow. Dismissed, Frankie\" Without giving further objections, he departed the office, thoroughly riled up inside. What had just transpired changed his job description quite a bit. It wasn't that he minded staying in the same house with a teenage girl, that wasn't the issue. It wasn't even the fact that he'd possibly have to put up with some bitchy attitude and crazy antics of her to end her existence. It was the matter of fact that he had to keep watch over her every single minute of the day. No a single free hour. There would always be focus on her. His sleeping hours would be extremely limited – completely circulating around hers. He hadn't even been told how long exactly he'd have to keep this job up for. The elevator rushed downwards, back to the military and security levels in the basement. He collected himself, giving nothing away as he weaved through the men walking past and headed to the chief's office. The discussion was short, brief and strictly technical and mere ten minutes later, Frankie found himself standing in the underground parking lot of Bromley Marks. The girl hadn't been brought in yet and so he busied himself with checking the vehicle he'd been assigned. He didn't react as footsteps on tarmac approached him and only when a male's voice questioned him for further instructions, did he look up. Alison Bromley's defiant golden gaze caught his and she stared with utmost contempt at him. He barely managed to drag his eyes off her stony expression and focus on the guard's inquiry. Thankfully, the driver headed towards them at the same moment, a weighty man of about forty human years, and waved his hand in direction of the car. A clear call to leave. The girl, whose hands were shackled in front of her stomach, was ushered into the rover's backseat and the guard pressed a key into Frankie's hands and left. The car ride was tense, to say the least. While the driver's human personality had obviously not been affected majorly by his transition, which made him blabber about all kinds of subjects on the ride, the two in the back sat in silence. They did not share a glance or a word of greeting but sat stiffly, staring in their respective directions. After about twenty minutes of this procedure, the chatterbox finally took a hint and flicked the switch of the radio and tuned in on a station that played some road music. Once, Frankie felt certain that the girl was looking his way with a glare that could easily have heated up the atmosphere by a few degrees. When he snapped his eyes over to her for a split second though, in an attempt to catch her off guard, she had her attention on the lit buildings outside that they were passing. He felt foolish in the face of this paranoia creeping up on him. Had she been watching him or not? Was it even important? It's really not like he had anything to fear from her. For physical damage she was too meek, too finely built to be of real threat and she seemed obsessed with the idea of pretending he was air, which was fine by him. She certainly wasn't aggressive, even though he'd heard quite different stories from the man who had informed him of Bromley's requesting him. He'd described something of a little fury and how she had virtually sprung at her father like a wild cat. Looking at her now, with her new vampire appearance, he really couldn't imagine that flawless composure breaking and her blood-crazed body hurling at her prey. It was something that was probably a new natural instinct to her but the image didn't quite reach him. The house loomed into view, one of the vampire-modified white mansions that lined the prestigious districts. Multiple windows were now shutter-free and there were late neighbors leaving their homes to embark the journey to the inner city for work, school or shopping. The nighttime bustle was emerging, even here in the far suburbs. The soldier slid out of the car and took his time moving around the other side to let his prisoner out. With a curt nod to the driver who had retrieved his duffel bag from the trunk, he applied a hint of pressure to the girl's back. She stiffened under his momentary touch but headed forwards anyway. The place was an eye catcher, inside and out. The white wood coating the outside of the house, combined with the precisely trimmed carpet of grass, created an image of perfectionism. The interior was no exception. Everything seemed spotless and on first sight, it became apparent that every piece had its place. The only noise was the barely audible ticking of a clock in the living room. The bottom floor was open with the kitchen, living room and dining area merging into a wide space. The hall gave way to a double staircase that curved towards and then along the back wall of the house and combined into a single stairway at the top of the second floor. The house screamed wealth. Spreading around the bottom floor were single, dark, wood doors, leading to what he presumed to be guest rooms and bathrooms – at least six of them. One of them was surely assigned to him for his stay here. The girl seemed oblivious to his marvel at the building. She was busy making her way up the staircase, still completely ignoring his existence, running a hand over the smooth banister in remembrance. It had been years since she'd set foot into this house and it had altered in this time. It appeared less homely and comfortable to her. There were no familiar sounds or smells to welcome her home. The only constant were the walls themselves. Even the furniture had been replaced or rearranged. Her favorite armchair, which she'd spent hours reading in during childhood, had given way to a nondescript leather couch. The despair that she wanted so desperately to resurface, kept bubbling underneath the exterior, pushed back by that invisible barrier. Vampires did not feel the way humans did. Emotions weren't a natural integrated part of life. The human fragments left of the person before the change, were locked deep inside and only surfaced in times of extreme stress. Even joy wasn't exactly a feeling that showed in the faces of the vampire population. How could anybody choose not to live with feelings? How did people even understand another when emotions could not be carried through them apart from falsely imitated ones? Her feet ascended the stairs automatically, the movements coming to her easily. Twenty steps until the first flight reached the wall, another ten steps until the top floor spread out before her. Another ten and she paused in the frame of her old room. She felt empty as she looked over the familiar velvet duvet on a bed, the scratched, simple desk that was pressed flush against the wall underneath the window and the wardrobe that had lost its handle years ago. Memories and happy times had inhabited this room and some were still preserved in these objects. It was too bad she couldn't enjoy them. Her hands travelled over the texture of the cover blanket, for the first time appreciating her newfound expanded senses. These eyes could see the tiny fuzzy bits sticking out of the shades of blue that were virtually undetectable in the darkness. This was going to be her life. Back in the same house she'd lived her human childhood in, with a person who had brutally forced the change on her and a father whose only care was for her safety but who could not care less about her happiness. She needed to find a way to get out of the city and fast. Good behavior would only get her so far. She had to fight her way out of the claws of her only parent and the guard dog he'd hired. He'd appeared in the doorway behind her and as she twisted her head around, she saw that he'd brought up her belongings. His posture was straight and even though his eyes were hard, she felt that he was at a loss of what to do now. Keeping watch over the employer's daughter was not something he did regularly. She rose and took the bag from him, which he extended to her silently. If this had been a normal situation where she was not a prisoner in her own house, she might have appreciated his presence. All she wanted was to be left alone. Especially by him. Or did she want some sort of conversation, interaction, anything really? She'd been left to herself for almost a week now and the few words she'd managed to exchange with the doctors had not been constructive. Neither had screaming at her dad. Having a decent talk with somebody, even if it was a stoic soldier, would be a relief from everything she'd been going through. A shred of normality. She placed the bag on the bed and sunk down beside it, keeping her eyes on the floor. She sensed he hadn't moved from his position but she could not bring herself to look him in the eye. Her courage had somewhat deserted her after she'd completed the transition. She knew he wouldn't hurt her but having experienced that he could and did, well, it changed her reckless perspective. Her father may have given him orders but she couldn't be sure what exactly his liberties were. She cleared her throat subtly. \"So, is this how it's going to be? You're here to prevent me from doing anything terrible to myself and I'm meant to sit quietly and be well-behaved?\" She could see him transfer his weight to his right leg, shifting as he confirmed her question with a quiet, \"Yes\" It was an answer that indicated he had nothing else to say to her. Any human she'd ever known would have made a joke or attempted to lighten the situation by at least adding a comforting phrase to it. She threw him a dirty look. He overlooked it and instead stationed himself next to her desk, watching the dark lawn and rows of houses below, giving a very good impression of being ignorant of her. She wasn't fooled. Of course he was listening to her every move. She huffed and started unpacking her treasured backpack that had lasted her for almost five years now. Not the easiest task with hands cuffed together but she needed something to do. \"You don't need to flutter around me the whole night. I'm not running off and I'm not going to do anything suicidal\" \"Your previous actions are totally contrary to what you are saying\" he replied in a monotone fashion. She took a deep breath to calm the sudden urge to injure some part of him. Instead, she tore out the clothing from her bag and flung it into the wardrobe. \"Maybe that's because everything that has happened to me in the past few days has only caused me pain. It's not so hard to believe that I want to be left alone by all you leeches\" He glanced at her then, his golden eyes bright with mockery. \"You seem to forget that you are just the same\" \"Not by choice,\" she hissed, clutching a toothbrush in her hand, \"And it would have never been this way if I had made the decision. I am nothing like you people\" The biting emphasis did not have an effect on him, even with the end of a toothbrush being pointed threateningly close at his throat. The golden gaze sized her up coolly before he gently pressed a fingertip against the plastic end of the object and pushed it away, taking care to place and obvious tap against the metal cuffs. \"It'll take me less than three seconds to be back in your room if you try anything. You're right, you're nothing like us. And that's why you won't be able to escape\" Then he sidestepped her and was gone from her room before she had time to object. Not that she would have. The sudden chill that had crept across her skin at the warning left her eager for the solitude she had been subjected to for the past week. She decided that talking to him was not on her list any longer.[Chapter 5] Bromley Mansion, Ground floor, Kitchen Frankie watched his reflection in the dark window, looked at the serious expression, the close-cropped hair that made him look tough, the large eyes that were narrowed in frustration and the arms that were crossed in front of his chest. He nudged himself back into reality. He was mulling over this recent conversation far too much. What had happened after all? Nothing. She'd just voiced her opinion of things and he'd given her an obvious warning that merely reinforced why he was here with her. A subtle threat to keep her on good behavior. End of story. He could easily crop out the moments where he'd found that tingling of truth in her heated words even if he'd hid it flawlessly. He'd felt sympathy and was furious at himself for it. He was making a bigger deal out of his than it was worth. Still turning facts and fiction over in his head, he pulled open the fridge door. Several rows of marked containers, brimming with red fluid, greeted him. The sight was so mouth-watering he had to swallow the rush that had his fangs elongating from his gums. It felt all too long since his last meal. He finally got to savor the bonuses of taking on this task. Moments later he'd located two tumblers from the kitchen inventory and trickled the thick substance into the glasses. The plastic container landed in the sink and he started ascending the stairs with his prized possessions. Somehow, it appeared far simpler to be looking out for this girl's needs than he'd originally thought. A nice, pure liter of this stuff a day and she'd be just fine. However in the matter of body guarding… It was a bit too quiet upstairs. He'd only been down barely two minutes, all the while keeping his ears perfectly alert for anything unusual coming from the top floor. Maybe she'd gone to bed for a nap, he reminded himself, it doesn't mean she's doing anything she shouldn't or that she had suddenly disappeared. He would have noticed that kind of action. He didn't like taking chances though. He tripled his pace and stood in front of her closed door the next instant, nudging it open with a practiced movement of his elbow. The door swung wildly on its hinges to reveal Alison, standing in the midst of a crumpled bunch of jeans and cotton on the floor. He really couldn't help his following reaction. It was a very male thing to do that had nothing to do with vampiric instinct. His eyes roved from her bare feet along the thin creamy legs, past the underwear to her equally slim torso and finally the dark blue bra that brought out the pale skin of her upper body. By the time he'd reached her rocky expression it sunk through to him that she was undressed in front of him. He'd definitely get hell for this. Alison seemed to be shocked into a state of frozen indecision. She didn't move from her position, apparently having just shrugged out of her T-shirt and finding her arms held at her sides tensely. His staring did not last longer than a few seconds before he clamped down hard on his composure and extended one of the drinks towards her. Don't let this catch you off guard, he reprimanded himself, strictly professional. Apparently she did the same because the look in her eye changed to the same carelessness. The vampire ability to shut out emotional insecurity really helped for once. It didn't matter at all that she was only half-clothed. She shouldn't be feeling so caught and exposed. She took the glass from him, expecting him to leave her to herself once she'd accepted. He didn't. \"You'll have to convince me that you drank it,\" he shrugged, indulging on his own drink. His casual demeanor was back in place as he raised the glass to his lips. She swallowed heavily. She didn't want to do this. Her body craved it but she'd rather smash the damn thing on the floor than drink it. His golden eyes pinned her however and she found herself lifting the heavy pitcher to her lips and granting herself a single sip, just to placate him. She wouldn't take any more. But she wasn't prepared for the ecstasy that flooded her senses. The liquid was cold but it held so much rejuvenating energy in it that made her take another gulp, then another until her entire being shook with the life of somebody else. When she opened her eyes, that had somehow fallen closed in her procedure of emptying the glass, she glimpsed him looking at her. He'd known that she would take it. She wanted to bury herself away from that gaze, somewhere where her weaknesses weren't put to show and she could wallow in her self-hatred and pity for a change. She was conforming to temptations and she despised herself for it. But she couldn't stop anymore and she knew it. So did he. \"You're gloating about this\" she accused him, wiping the traces away from her mouth, ashamed. She'd given in to the thirst. As much as she hated this existence, her resistance to blood kept weakening with every day that she refused it. This time it had barely taken half a minute before she'd tipped it down her throat. She turned away. He didn't respond and she found herself scolding herself for even speaking to him again. However, his gaze burned a trail down her bare back and she suddenly wanted to hear him speak again, to learn more about him, for whatever irrational reason. He had a nice voice, she supposed. It was deep but still sounded young, maybe a hint scratchy and occasionally with more feeling than her father's. She just wanted to listen to it, mindless of what he actually said. \"Who are you?\" she wondered aloud, having noticed that she did not know how to address him. There was no name. She knew nothing about him and he probably knew everything vital about her. She hoped for an answer this time. He set his glass down on the desk. The object clinked against the wood and she felt his presence moving closer to her. \"It isn't required that you know my personal details,\" he evaded her question in that monotone, drilled voice he used often, \"All you should know is that I'm here to protect you from harm\" \"I don't care if it's required or not. I want to know what to call you,\" she retorted, facing him again, \"Or are you just some serial number?\" The verbal blow didn't rouse him as much as the sincerity of her wish to know his name. Since multiple months, nobody had cared to ask his name or shown enough interest to talk to him apart from work instructions. Even his brother evaded speaking to him more often than not ever since he'd moved back in, for whatever reason that was. He didn't care if his big brother had anything to hide and didn't bother digging around in his Ed's life. But now this girl asked for his name like she cared to know. That was unexpected. \"Frankie\" he revealed, watching her back for a reaction. She didn't show her surprise at such a boyish name. It was borderline endearing. It suited him. She had imagined something terribly straight-laced such as Greg or Derek but this name was much better. Made him appear less like a military dog. He finally had an identity for her to connect with. She twisted around on her heel again to look at him, standing there finally sling-less and with a posture of somebody wanting to say something but keeping himself in check. \"Frankie…\" her gaze dropped to his uniform jacket where his nametag hung over his breast pocket, \"Dalton. Are you related to an E. Dalton?\" Now he definitely looked surprised. She could tell that he was frantically trying to decipher how she knew this man. \"He's my brother\" She nodded with a satisfied hum, sinking down onto the side of the bed, \"He treated me briefly when I came round in the emergency room. Said all kinds of things about blood poisoning and offered to help me adjust. He was really nice about everything so I bothered to check his nametag. He was the most caring of the bunch that cleaned me up. Is he an actual doctor there?\" Her human attribute of good-natured curiosity was puzzling him increasingly. \"Hematologist,\" Frankie answered, distantly wondering why the hell he was telling her about his life and why she was suddenly striking up conversation with him, \"He's working on a blood substitute to conserve the blood supplies we have. He knows how to deal with blood disease\" A little smile came to her face. He found himself liking it more than the frown she wore the majority of the time. That realization was followed by an inner slap. Caring about a prisoner? Caring about the boss' daughter? Her bright gaze moved to his face and he was caught in its open inquiry. \"What do you do for my father? He trusts you enough to leave you alone here with me\" Spot on. She really didn't know that assumption made him squirm inside. \"I don't see how that's relevant,\" he sidestepped the question, \"You'd have to ask your father about his decision, I can't answer for his choice. I suppose he needed a soldier to ensure your protection\" She scoffed, rolling her eyes to the ceiling. \"My father doesn't actually care about me or what I want in life. I think that's obvious enough. He did this to me. He only wants me to stop ruining his reputation. I bet you didn't know that he's responsible for a lot of the human hunting in this region\" \"I do,\" was his confession, \"I was part of a lot of them\" \"You really don't care about them at all? They're still people!\" \"Between starving myself and capturing humans to feed on, I'd rather survive\" he said simply. That shut her up. She regarded him for a while, in the end deciding to swallow the anger she felt at that statement. \"Well then I hope your brother succeeds soon. All those that died fighting with me would be happy to hear that they may have actually been allowed to live the rest of their lives without tubes being stuck into them\" \"You should be glad you don't have to run anymore,\" he retorted, moving to take her glass from her, \"You should be thankful that you have a father who can supply you with this. You blame vampires but you haven't seen what is happening in the cities. You're better off than the lower class vampires that are begging on the streets for something they aren't going to get. They degrade day by day because they are starving to death and you do it because you think it's not right to take something from people who are already long gone. They don't care when they're dead\" She held onto the glass, even as his fingers tugged on it, her body completely still. Her face was pale though and her expression beseeching as she stared up at him. \"Don't you ever miss the sun? Don't you ever wish that you could still go outside and feel those little things that you can only take in during the day? Feel human things?\" \"That's not important,\" he intercepted, \"You're not going to change back to the way you were. This isn't a disease, it's a new life. It's changed almost everyone. Vampires are the majority. There is no way back and you should get used to it now if you don't want to end up getting killed with the real monsters that they're picking up from the streets\" The more he spoke the more the fight seeped out of her. Her fingers loosened around the object and the glass would have fallen onto the floor if he'd not snatched it. He knew that had been harsh but the sooner she got a grip on the situation, the faster he'd be out of here and the sooner she'd have it easier in her own life. Right now, her head fell against her chest in defeat and as he straightened up she whispered, \"I want my life back\" There it was again. That unfamiliar rush of sympathy for her. This stupid new sensation had him pausing where he was half inclined to go get his glass and take his leave. Simultaneously, he thought it was his duty to stay and offer some form of comfort even though Bromley had never mentioned anything about keeping her happy as well as psychologically stable. He looked at her, crouched on the side of the bed, half-clothed and hopeless. They should have appointed his brother for this. He was so much better at handling emotion. Ed was actually compassionate whereas he generally failed to console others. At least it had been that way when he'd been human and as a vampire it was just entirely wrong to attempt the act of comforting. He placed the glass on the desk next to its counter piece and then slowly stepped back in her direction. He let his body sink onto the mattress stiffly. He could feel her cold skin against him and swore she actually had a shiver run through her when he closed the space between them. Probably out of discomfort at his proximity. He kept his hands firmly folded in his lap though and opted to speak to his boots instead of directly to her. \"Alison,\" that name sounded so foreign coming off his tongue, \"You can't change what happened. It would be easier on you if you moved on from wishful thinking. From running away, starved, alone and scared, transformed…\" he trailed off for a moment, not even knowing what he was talking about. Listing the trauma she'd been though in the past years wasn't going to improve anything. He cleared his throat, breaking the stupor. \"It can only get better. It did for me\" There was a long pause that followed his words and when she still hadn't responded after a minute, he got up. That's when her hand closed around his sleeve, clenching around the material like the reflexive grip of a baby. He had to quench the instinctual defense movement at this sudden blockade. The rest happened so fast he didn't have time to comprehend what they were doing at all. He looked down at the hand that was fisted in the fabric of his jacket and the next thing he knew, she'd risen, pressed her face against his chest, her shoulders shaking unevenly and suddenly his jacket was becoming damp. Far too late he grasped that she was crying. She was holding onto him like he was able to chase her worries away. He couldn't remember feeling as insecure and overwhelmed with a situation as he was right now. Handling this kind of behavior was completely foreign to him. He was lost. Truthfully, he was itching to flee the embrace because he didn't have a single clue how to react to it and exactly that scared the hell out of him. Alison didn't have a single clue why she had broken down. The impulse to clutch onto him had taken her by surprise, just as much as the sudden cracking of that dam inside that had held the suffering back for the past few days. His words had, somehow, smashed the wall to pieces and she couldn't handle herself anymore. Tears streamed down her cheeks and she needed to know that somebody was there with her. That she wasn't as alone in this abyss as she felt. That invisible barrier that had kept her at a safety distance from him, out of fear and distrust, had fallen. She felt his tension as she fisted her hands in his jacket but she didn't care. It was wonderful to be able to hold a person after a week of solitude and silence. After several minutes of stiff enduring on his part and her attempting to stem the flood of tears, she removed herself from him. Her emotional phase was ebbing away, leaving her feeling exposed once more. The previous embarrassment came flooding back and she put a little distance in between their bodies, aware that she'd just made a complete fool of herself. Her arms immediately came up to cross over her bare stomach self-consciously. Frankie swallowed the sudden sensation in his throat, stowing his hands away into his pockets. \"I…\" she began, \"uh, sorry\" He managed to shake himself from his frozen state and shook his head casually. \"It's nothing\" Had his voice always sounded so thick? To his ears it sounded pathetic. \"I need to…well I should…take a shower\" she mumbled, looking at the floor. Anywhere but him. So that's why she'd been undressing. He wanted to hit himself for not counting two and two together. Obviously it wasn't intended to be a striptease. He agreed readily, quickly turning and taking the tumblers he'd brought up, \"I shouldn't have interrupted\" He didn't know why he suddenly stuck up such a formal tone. Probably to drown out the realization that this job had already begun to get more personal than he'd intended. He needed to clear his head and focus. She didn't answer to that and as he exited the room and shut the door behind him, he'd never been more thankful that he'd lost the ability to blush a while ago.[Chapter 6] Bromley Mansion, First Floor, Bathroom The darkness was still prominent outside as Alison rid herself of dirt that had been clinging to her skin. She'd expected this new eternity to pass excruciatingly slowly. Like every single day was no longer split into hours, minutes and seconds that ticked by too fast but would dissolve into one never ending mass. Apparently the clocks didn't work any slower just because one was immortal. She'd showered for a long time, throwing ideas back and forth in the security of the bathroom. She's considered attempting to drown herself to get out of this mess before realizing that would be useless. Her guardian, who was on the other side of the bathroom door, had only given her twenty minutes before he'd come in to check on her and she'd already wasted most of it. She'd have to fill her lungs completely with water, silently at that, which wasn't possible while standing under the shower. It was a bit freaky to find herself contemplating death because in all her human years on the run, she'd never given such serious thought to ending her life. It wasn't going to happen. Any change would alert him that she was doing something out of order and she was not ready to face him completely naked and conscious of it if he stormed in again. She'd toyed with the option of pleading with her father again once he made his appearance in the morning. If he did. Seconds later that train of thought was labeled as stupid and naive. She'd found her mind eventually wandering off towards the man sitting in her room right now. She was confused by him, to say the least. He was prepared to comfort her to a certain point, less than an hour after threatening her and making it clear that he did not give much of damn about the person she was. It was just a job to him. Then again, he seemed to try to go beyond it being a grueling stay for them both. He'd actually made an effort to share something with her. He could have just remained silent the way he'd done before. Frankie Dalton was at least ninety-nine percent confusing. After finally cutting off the stream of water and wrapping herself in a towel, she'd made a show of saying, \"I'm still alive\" to the door and she could hear him shift on the other side. He was listening. Satisfied that he wouldn't come in, she'd dried herself and then let the fluffy material slide to the ground. It was the first time she was presented with a mirror in weeks, and a full-length one at that, and she needed to see herself. She'd got quite a shock at not being visible at all. Since this whole ordeal was the most surreal thing she'd ever experienced, she hadn't wasted thought on the fact that vampires did not throw a reflection in a mirror. She'd twisted and turned, tip-toed over the slick tiles from side to side, trying to catch a glimpse of something in the glass that wasn't going to appear. It left her feeling bodiless and empty. Finally she'd given up and stood dead straight in front of it, her face smooth as stone. It was as though her lack of reflection just emphasized that she wasn't real anymore. She'd felt like an illusion. Her gaze had dropped down to her bare skin instead. She'd examined her own body critically like a doctor in search of the source of pain. It appeared unchanged. Well, with the exception of the monstrous things that had once been regular canines and the surely the colour of her iris. Every spot was the same as before, even her skin tone hadn't lightened significantly yet. It was only a matter of time before the lack of sun would bleach it to the pallor of the people outside, those who tended to their gardens in the dark like it was complete normalcy. She could only shake her head at the view. Living, running, surviving with humans up until now had left her quite unaware of vampires' daily routines but this kind of behavior was ridiculous. Living in the dark was something she refused to adapt to. When she'd finally snapped back to attention because the watchful bird outside the bathroom had pecked on the door, she'd slipped into her clothes without another look at the mirror. Giving her teeth a thorough brush as well, she evaded looking at the mirror, denying the discovery of her lost reflection. She finally re-entered her room distinctly cleaner than a week ago. The sound of a pen causing friction on her desk had her looking over towards the window. Her captor was sitting at the table, scribbling something on a paper. \"Writing a letter?\" she inquired. \"No\" She overlooked his curtness and sat against her twin bed's headboard, watching him. \"Is my father coming tonight?\" \"Possibly\" She was irked by his new lack of interest in conversation. She assumed that the outburst earlier had made him awkward and he wanted to avoid another scene at all costs by just evading interaction. She sighed, pushing away the memory now. It shouldn't have happened. Now she definitely gave off an unstable vibe. That didn't work well with her plan to establish some sort of trust with him. \"Look,\" she spoke with the strong, confident voice she reserved for instructions to younger runaways she'd been with, \"What happened just now isn't going to happen again. I was still,\" she dug for a mature term, \"adjusting\" He folded the paper he'd finished filling, not looking at her. He didn't reply for a while. She waited, watched and hoped for the right reaction. \"Nothing happened\" There it was. He was just going to overlook her outburst. She'd come to see that vampires liked to shut out what they didn't want to acknowledge. It had embarrassed him too. \"Good,\" she closed the unspoken pact of secrecy, smoothing a hand over her sweatshirt. She knew her father would disapprove of the non-feminine clothing as soon as he walked through the door. She couldn't care less of his opinion. He'd died in her eyes a long time ago. Troublesome though, was the fact that she'd have to make him believe the opposite for the time being. She needed to embody his perfect daughter until an opening bared itself. The interesting thing about her new species was that they didn't need to move as much as humans did. She could remain still without any voluntary muscles moving for hours and it would not faze her. It probably had to do with the greater attention span and physical control that her new body had. Vampires could focus much longer than humans. They didn't need a distraction or activity. She found herself not getting twitchy or uncomfortable at all. So she lay in her pillows and stared at the digital clock perched on her desk, next to the soldier's hand. She watched it as he put the paper inside an envelope and sealed it. She watched the minutes flicker into double-digits as he stood and left her room. She was still watching, transfixed on the screen, as the hour changed. She found that time passed not faster and not slower than before, but always steadily, systematically. It didn't stop moving but she did. She had. Everything she was physically had stopped ticking a week ago. She was a dead body that had simply been made to function again. She hadn't twitched a single sinew in two hours when Frankie passed by her room, speaking on a cell phone. Her eyes were drawn to him as he flashed past the doorway, his voice marble-smooth to whoever was on the other end. She listened to the resounding sound of metal hitting plastic as he snapped the phone shut. He was at the foot of her bed a second later. \"Your father's not coming. Not today.\" She looked at him expressionlessly. Then her lips curled outwards in a satisfied, cynical smile that he didn't like at all. She had expected that her father would never abandon work hours to see her. It just proved that she wasn't that important at all. Not one bit. \"Of course not. Wrapped up in his work isn't he? What was his excuse?\" she sneered. \"His secretary did not give one\" She shook her head and snickered softly. Her father was an asshole. \"I want to take a walk,\" she declared, hoisting herself off the bed in one motion and pulling her sneakers on, \"I need to get out\" \"You aren't allowed outside the house,\" her guard reminded her, strolling to block the room's exit as though a physical blockade would put her off the intention. \"Put a leash on me, then\" she threw back, walking towards the door where he stood, \"Where am I going to run to? The next-door neighbor so he can give me a lift?\" She was angry. He could sense it past the sarcastic exterior she'd put on to hide the hurt that the news had caused. As much as she hated her father, she'd at least expected him to express interest after keeping her alive. This had been a hit below the belt. Not only had Charles Bromley ordered somebody to take her life, he'd placed her into the prison of his own home and couldn't be bothered to visit. Frankie had experienced this sort of rejection before and he knew the unacknowledged pain almost always transformed into rage. He could feel her fury like that of a bristling predator. \"I can't let you out,\" he spoke calmly, ignoring the dark flashes he saw in her eyes, \"Even if you had the most logical argument\" \"Fuck you,\" she snapped and shoved against him violently. The action reminded him of their interaction in the cell. Only that she'd been human then and her strength could never have rivaled what she had now. He actually staggered under the force and leaned onto the doorframe to regain balance. She bared her fangs in a primal display of aggression and propelled her entire frame forward to knock him out of her way. He didn't budge. With a venomous growl, that surprised the both of them, she lunged and managed to squash the breath out of his lungs with her blow. Caught by surprise, Frankie's grip on the doorway slipped for a moment, allowing her just the amount of slack she needed. Tackling the soldier, she used her momentum to bring him down onto the floor of the hallway. The fighting instinct gripped Frankie harder than he expected as his back connected with the ground. He couldn't hold himself back. His fingers snatched the girl's wrists and he ripped her from her position as an attacker right onto his chest. Before she could think of reacting, he'd flipped them and brought her arms down to either side of her, never releasing his grip. If she could have bruised, her shoulders would have ached. His fangs had extended and all he felt was the need to be in control. Alison thrashed underneath him like a panicked rabbit in the claws of an raptor. She managed to connect a knee with his thigh and land scratches on his hands, which pinned her, but she couldn't shake the weight off. It made it hard to regain his rational side enough to speak. She didn't present much of a threat but that didn't make her less of a fighter. However, that did nothing to alleviate the urge he had to hurt her into stopping right now. Preferably with his fangs. \"Listen,\" he hissed, speaking around the teeth, \"Stop this drama or I'm going to have to tie you up and…\" He was going to add more warnings but was cut off when she brought her upper body off the ground and pressed her lips up flush against his. Frankie felt himself go completely still in shock. This was the last thing on earth he'd expected her to do. Fight dirty, he could handle her trying that but what the hell was she doing now ? His hands dropped from her skin and he automatically lifted himself up and away from her body to allow her space to back off. She didn't get the hint. Or didn't want to. Instead she followed him with her torso all the way, her hands fisting in his collar and keeping him close. Her scent filled his mind but in a very different way than before. There was lust and passion where there shouldn't have been. His mouth hung onto hers eagerly and there simply was no stopping. His awareness expanded on its own accord and he was suddenly hyper-sensitive to the curve of her body against his and her skin tingling against his as their faces pressed together. Her touch had drifted downwards and even through his uniform, he could feel every finger running down to his hip. Then it was gone. Alison broke away, bringing just enough distance between them to haul out her arm and bash his own weapon against his head. The handle of the knife connected with his temple and he slumped sideways immediately. She knew too well that his vision was going black and a wildfire had exploded in his head. She didn't let herself think about what she had done. She knew it was cruel and cheap to do this but how many choices did she have left? Her anger gave her new bravery and that was all she'd needed as motivation. Her intentions had changed from walking off her frustration to getting out of here straight away. Spontaneous and snappy. He'd never seen it coming. Leaping to her feet, she took flight down the hallway and was practically airborne as she cleared the staircase. The door had the key sticking in the lock and she ripped it out as she tore through. She smashed it closed and locked it to give herself another minute head start. She saw a woman from the adjacent garden watching her with an affronted expression as she careened across the flowerbeds of the lawn. She saw the rainbow petals floating to the grass as she ran but couldn't bring herself to care. She needed to get to the road. Hitch a car. Track down a bus stop. Whatever it was, she needed to get onto a moving vehicle straight away and out of the district before Dalton caught up. She knew from experience that looking back only slowed down the escape so she kept her eyes on her environment, dashing along the road. Why couldn't her father live in the city? If she'd gotten out onto the streets, there would have been no tracking her. In the hundreds of people heading to and from work, she could have made herself invisible within moments. Her feet pounded on the dark tarmac far too loudly. It deafened her in her adrenalin-heightened state. She reached the intersection at the end and cursed her luck. She didn't remember what direction they'd come from. Opting for right because it was closest, she spurred herself on further. The properties flashed past her as though she was turning in circles too fast and her vision had gone blurry. She needed to find transport. At this rate she was too slow. Her captor could have a car at the ready for all she knew and he'd be on her back in minutes. She didn't think at all about the fact that dawn would be breaking in less than a couple of hours. Somehow it hadn't registered yet that sun was just about as lethal to her now as it was to be tossed inside a furnace. Not like she had time to focus on that issue anyway. Her prime target was to distance herself from the vampire back in the house as much as possible, even if it was probably a losing battle. She bounded across the road, trying to distinguish between dead-ends and crossroads as she sped past. Somewhere, there had to be the connective street that led to the main road. She allowed herself to pause for a moment, pressed against a house wall, to regain her calm. This franticness wouldn't get her anywhere. For a change, she blessed her ability to rationalize and assess quicker than a human. From her position she could suddenly hear much clearer. The blood pounding in her head ceased and now every sound was amplified around her. There was a cat mewling around the corner, there was the steady rustle of leaves in the oleander bushes planted in a nearby garden and there were footsteps. No, more like pounding, hurried footfalls on the sidewalk. She bolted. She made it exactly ten meters out of the shadows that the house had cast before she picked up the rapid increase in the footfalls behind her. Another twenty and she swore she felt the ground vibrating underneath her. She swerved wildly to confuse her pursuer then grabbed the nearest aid she could find. In this case, it was a hedge that circled around another perimeter of property. There weren't many paths left. She couldn't look back. He was too close, she could feel him gaining on her. She needed help. Play the girl who was being chased by a psychopath or something. The option of running wasn't going to work anymore. Vaulting over the bristly greenery was one thing but managing to locate another person to seek assistance from was the near impossible part. She prayed there was somebody home here. If whoever lived here was at work, she was screwed. Beyond screwed. The leaves stuck to her hands and she could feel a trickle of blood in the centre of her palm where an unlucky thorn had lodged itself. Her body felt about ready to explode from the pressure of not knowing how this chase would end. Behind her, the snapping of branches alerted her to his pursuit. No. She wasn't letting this chance pass her by. She needed to be faster. She flew up to the back door, pounding her fists against the wood in a desperate rhythm. \"Please!\" she screamed, \"Please! Help me!\" The crunch of twigs and leaves under his weight came closer. Alison let out an anguished yell and punched the door with all the strength she could muster. \"Open up damn it!\" But there was no one. No motherly woman pulling the door open in surprise, no handsome lawyer opening to remind her of the violation of the trespassing sign at the front, not even a family father who would be beyond shocked to find a panicked girl being hunted in his backyard. There was no rescue. She'd picked the wrong house. She cursed. It was a bad habit she'd picked up. She cursed and thumped her hands against the door as though it was of use. Her hair flew into her face as she struggled against the hands that dragged her away from the house. She swore at him in every possible way she could think off, deluding herself that it had an effect. He gripped her around the waist with an iron arm and even though she clawed at the limb repeatedly, he didn't loosen it. His face could have been carved in stone. The journey back to the mansion seemed so much shorter than before. Maybe it was because she had run in circles or because he knew the quickest path. She had never felt more pathetic than now. She'd barely managed to flee half a kilometer. He hauled her through the front door without batting an eyelash as her side caught the frame squarely. She hissed on impact and repressed the telltale sound of pain pass her lips. The lady from the house next door had vanished. It occurred to her that she could have just asked her for help. It resulted in her feeling even more pitiful than before. He threw her onto the couch in a gesture that betrayed his fury. If not at her, then at himself. She plucked the demon thorn out of her hand and watched the wound shed a little more blood. She licked her dry lips, thinking of the burning sensation it had left in her throat last time. Sort of like intense alcohol, she supposed. Pleasant at first, then leaving her sick and miserable. Frankie reappeared in front of her after vanishing in the kitchen for a moment. She'd barely raised her face to him when she found his eyes inches from hers. She shied back instinctively, cringing in her position on the seat, fearing the ice in his gaze. Golden, chilling and unforgiving. He was hovering over her like a demon ready to pounce on an innocent soul and devour it. She couldn't swallow. There were no words for her to use to avoid punishment for what she'd just done. There was a cold hand on her wrist, then a soft click as metal gripped onto metal. Alison didn't even need to look down to know she was handcuffed. She'd had nightmares about being cuffed and chained to a harvesting machine before. Fear ran down her spine with its feet like needles, digging into the sensitive nerves. The soldier leaned in closer, his face still neutral and ran a thumb along her cheek. She stopped breathing. The contact was enough to let her know he had full control again. \"I think,\" he murmured, staring into her eyes, engraving his message on her widening pupils, \"You really shouldn't have done that\"[Chapter 7] Bromley Mansion, Ground Floor, Living Room Frankie couldn't remember a time when he'd felt such confusion. The last time surely dated back to his human days. He swore his eyes must be burning with all the conflicts that were erupting inside him right now. He was beyond the point where he could tell if this feeling was directed at himself or solely at her . She was responsible for this slip-up. Letting her go so far as to use physical force on him was the first mistake he'd made. Responding to her kiss had been his second. Giving in to his fucking hormones was the biggest. He hadn't even felt her hand creep into his pocket to withdraw the weapon because he'd been too dazed. What made it worse was that he'd been inattentive because he felt something for this girl. He couldn't explain the gut feeling he'd gotten when she'd pressed herself against him. It wasn't normal to feel like that as a vampire. If it had been lust, he could have handled it. But what had flooded his body in that moment was something he hadn't experienced for years. He was certain that something was wrong with him. Allowing himself to be stripped of his rationality was downright stupid. The collision of the knife butt with his head had left him stunned and sightless for almost a minute. She was more practiced in combat tricks than he knew. There had been fireworks whizzing across his vision and though he'd tried to focus on them, they had drifted out of his sight the second he tried. Then the pain had come, radiating into his skull and washing away the dizziness so he could see again. It had also rendered him unable to move for quite some time. He'd felt the bruising under his skin and cursed in multiple fashions as he'd heaved himself onto his knees. The corridor had been strangely askew as he managed to get onto his feet but he'd stayed up. His limbs had carried him down the stairs and as the pain had spread further through his head because he'd whipped it towards the door; he'd known he'd fucked up. The door had been wide open and the night sky had greeted him. It had also been empty. No Alison. How had he not seen this coming? He should have never taken the handcuffs off. He should have sensed it as soon as she put her lips on his. Like hell would she show physical affection after expressing her disgust for what he stood for. He should have known then and there that she had an ulterior motive. Reflecting on it now, he couldn't believe the lack of control he'd had over himself. He was supposed meant to use his head to think, not other parts of the anatomy. Naturally, he'd stormed after her, following the direction of a very startled woman who had been tending her garden next door. He'd looked intimidating enough in his uniform that she hadn't asked questions, simply pointed down the road. Or it had been the blazing predator appearance he'd sported when he'd rushed outside. He'd been furious. Either way, the neighbor had saved him precious time. As he ran and followed the scent of adrenalin, he'd tried to gather his cool. At this rate, she was probably thinking clearer than him and that would give her the advantage exactly the way it had worked two minutes ago. The streets were empty and he was glad for it. In a crowd, it would have been harder to find her. The wind gusting through the maze of roads and houses carried her scent and he followed the trail like a wolf. He couldn't let her escape. It would cost him, everything. His reputation and goodwill with his boss, his job most likely, his position in the high middle class and most importantly his direct link to blood. At this time, nobody could afford slack. Alison Bromley was his key to a good life and if he didn't have her back by the time the sun rose, chances were high that she'd burn. She probably wanted it that way. He'd passed an impressive mansion and paused when he realized how intense the sensation of another vampire close by became. She was straight ahead, taking a break surely, because there was no way he'd have caught up so fast after that head start. He prowled along the hedges that lined the pavement, quickening his steps the further he got, senses sharpened to their fullest. There. Like a rabbit darting from its cover, she'd abandoned her cover. He hadn't seen her just yet but the noise that erupted around the corner as she fled was enough indication. He'd rounded the bend and seen what he'd pictured. She had practically flown across the tarmac, trying to gain distance again but he'd seen the panic fueling her movements. They'd been too rapid. She had been pushing herself to her limits already because it was her last attempt. He'd let her have her chance at breaking in through the back door of the house she'd veered to and took his time catching up with her. He admired her for still hoping somebody would help her. Although it was more if a sick idea of revenge by leaving her in the belief that she could escape. Latest by the time he pulled out his ID, the inhabitants would have backed off without question. Sparing the people inside the trouble, he'd closed in on her. Grabbing her off the back porch hadn't been hard. She'd fired a string of such graphic words at him that had him wondering about the kind of company she must have had to learn that vocabulary. He'd felt slightly delirious with pain and adrenalin during the chase but now cold certainty hit him. He felt his facial muscles freeze into place and his arms become a cage around her. He didn't felt the blows she rained down on his back nor the knee she dug into his stomach repeatedly on the walk back. His body became irrelevant. He only needed to finish his task and do it in control. Whatever superficial injuries he received along the way shouldn't bother him. Any more slacking from here on out and he would personally resign from his position. There would be no more mistakes on his part, he promised. She could kick and scream all she wanted because it didn't matter anymore. The house door was still open and he passed through mindless of the fact that she was still squirming and therefore thudded against the frame. Not with one peep did she acknowledge the pain but he felt her body tense as she clenched her teeth. He kicked the door shut with his heel and it smashed into its lock with a force that had her cringing. Good. He couldn't wait to execute the punishment for her stunt. He ditched her rebellious body on the sofa, knowing she didn't have the guts to try running a second time. He would place all his money on the fact that she wouldn't manage it onto the pavement. Actually, not even out of the door. She was exhausted, she must be. Her first proper drink of blood had been half a day ago. She needed to replace all that energy she'd wasted in her failed escape. She was in no shape to manage another bolt. He rummaged through his bag in the kitchen, pulling the stupid handcuffs back out. She'd been so much more pleasant without them on and had used her first unbound opportunity. He should have foreseen that. She had remained on the sofa, her arms looped around her sides and clasped below her pulled up knees. She looked childlike. Submissive almost. He could imagine her turning puppy-eyes on him and asking him to accept her apology. Not that she would give one. She was too stubborn for that. He needed to at least embed the message that he wasn't one to be messed with. He positioned himself right in front of her so that his legs touched the toes of her sneakers. She flinched away from his scrutiny and leaned back involuntarily as his face neared hers. He kept his expression unreadable as his hands wandered towards hers. He took in the paling of her face as the metallic click of the handcuffs echoed in the silence. Her struggle to swallow because panic was clogging her throat was a welcome sight. He wanted to click his tongue softly like a parent would and explain to her, You can't swallow fears. They just get worse. They creep into the rest of your body and you can't get rid of them anymore. Soothingly, he let his thumb trail down her cheek and saw with satisfaction that his touch sent her further into whatever phobia was taking hold of her. Bloodlust flamed inside of him at her display of fear when her pupils widened and suddenly her breathing halted. She waited, breathless for the verdict. He smiled. Slowly and missing emotion. \"I think you really shouldn't have done that\" Her eyes squeezed shut. She inhaled and waited for the torture. He looked at her steeling herself against him as though he was about to strike her across the face. He was surprised that she'd resigned herself to accepting his control. She must know that he wasn't allowed to harm her. He was here to protect her. He couldn't hurt her for this. He hadn't known it was possible to be so torn between bashing his own head against a wall and doing the same to hers. He gripped the link of the cuffs and tugged it upwards so her arms rose above her head and she had to stand up with the motion in order to avoid ripping them out of their sockets. She was almost touching him now, standing and staring at him with undiluted fear, trying to figure out his actions before he committed them. He watched a hundred options of what he might do to her passing through her eyes. He almost laughed at her. Did she really think he could physically harm her and get away with it? \"What was that up there?\" he asked instead, his voice collected and not hinting at the crazy, verbal duels happening in his head. She dropped her eyes to the floor and pressed her lips together. That didn't help because he nudged her chin up with his hand again and repeated the question, only with an accompanying snarl, \"What the hell was that up there?\" She couldn't get any words out. She was the deer caught in the headlights and there simply was no answer. Her lips moved soundlessly and she looked so helpless that he couldn't stop himself any longer. He laughed. She blanched violently at the noise and he let her go, moving forward again so she fell back onto the sofa in her attempt to keep a certain space between their bodies. That didn't stop him. Cuffed as she was, she didn't manage to angle her hands in such a way that she could press them against his chest to keep him away. Neither did she dare to hit him again. He was glad she finally knew what was best for her. His laughter faded as the proximity grew and but his eyes mocked her. \"What? Don't tell me you thought I would just overlook that you bash my head in?\" he sneered at her face, \"Just like I wouldn't notice that you would run off because you kissed me senseless? Was that the plan, huh?\" \"No,\" she whispered, trying to make her voice firmer. \"Let me make one thing very clear,\" he bent close to her ear, \"You're. Not. Going. Anywhere. There's nobody out there. The vampires aren't going to pity you and the humans aren't going to let you anywhere near them. Nobody that you can trust. So stop trying.\" She remained still in her seat and didn't look up at him. It was as though the truth of his words had sunken into her body and left her without any will to reject his order. For once he didn't feel compelled to make her feel better because she'd brought this on herself and he couldn't find it in him to ignore the throbbing in his temple. Not to mention the disgusting feeling of failure she'd sparked in him when she fled. He abhorred feeling as though he'd failed somebody and in that moment he'd ruined the faith that Charles Bromley had placed in him. He pushed away from the cushions of the sofa and stood in front of her, waiting for her to raise her head and acknowledge what he'd said. To admit defeat. \"Can't you just take out your anger on me now and get it over with? I know you're itching to,\" she demanded, still facing his shoes instead of his eyes. He gave that some thought for a bit before he moved his head to the side in denial. \"No,\" he said and found it was true. He wasn't going to because, really, what was there to do? Depraving her of blood as punishment was forbidden. So was physical harm. Psychological beating was out of the question because he was meant to keep her from committing suicide, not pitch her towards it. Even if he were one to hold grudges, there wasn't much he could do without risking everything. He didn't want to add that he wasn't exactly thrilled to cause her any pain even though he'd been trained in the infliction of excruciating but invisible injuries. He couldn't. She always had the chance of spilling it to her father, even if she despised him almost as much as she did Frankie. Alison grew rigid with annoyance. Apparently once he dropped the ferocious demeanor, her resilience came straight back. \"Then stop asking me these questions!\" her voice rose, fear disappearing behind frustration, \"You know the answers anyway! I distracted you to get out and it almost worked. I did it in the most disgusting, low way imaginable but I'd do it all over again if there was a chance I'd make it out this time. I know I'd stab you right through the chest if it meant I'd get my freedom!\" \"Weren't you listening to me? Who are you going to go to?\" he countered calmly, ignoring her threat, \"Which one of your human friends is going to help you when you're suddenly the enemy?\" \"You don't know anything about them so why don't you just shut the hell up!\" she snarled, leaping from the couch to stand almost nose-to-nose with him, \"I'm not you. I don't skip along the road sucking on humans whenever I feel like it\" \"Right,\" he agreed sarcastically, \"You're just like my brother. The human-lover. But you can trust me when I tell you this,\" he dropped his tone to a whisper, \"When you smell freshly leaking blood, straight from the body, you're not going to think about your relationship with that person. You're going to suck your best friend dry for all you care when it comes to it.\" \"Never\" \"Eternity is long. If there's one of your humans left by the time your Father allows you out, I'll prove it to you\" \"You're sick\" she accused him. \"Says the girl who sexually assaults me\" How did he say that with such a straight face? She wondered absently, even though she was more concentrating on keeping her jaw from dropping at the incredulity of his statement. She bet that any street thug had more manners. \"You can't assault the willing,\" she shot back, challenging him. His eyes flickered. She only picked it up because she was barely an inch away from him otherwise she'd have passed it off as a trick of the light. Either she'd just had a mirage happen in front of her eyes or she'd hit the truth on the head. He didn't jibe back and as the silence stretched the space started to fill with recent memories. Her eyes involuntarily moved from his eyes down to his mouth, which just happened to be exactly on her eye-level. His gaze moved down with hers and rested on her lips in the same gesture. When had they even moved so close together? Then he let out his breath and backed off. She felt the air rush in between their bodies as the gap widened. He simply looked cold again. A man carved into ice. \"Don't run again,\" was all he said before he went back into the kitchen. Alison watched his back as he zipped up his bag and stowed multiple weapons from his uniform in the side pockets. He seemed completely detached from the entire episode that had just happened. She'd thought he would actually kill her. He certainly had looked murderous as he'd carried her home. Then, it was as if a mask had been placed onto that face and he'd simply warned her again. Not even a threat. She stared at the handcuffs that circled her wrists again. She hated those things but this time, he had a point for putting them on her. She glanced back at him as he worked, watching the solid arms flex under the jacket. She could still feel them clenched in barely contained anger around her midsection. Her next attempt would have to be better. A whole lot better.[Chapter 8] Bromley Mansion, First Floor, Bedroom Had Alison not been so furious with everything that her life consisted of right now, she might have appreciated the patterns of shadow that the breaking dawn sketched across the neighborhood. The watercolor hues that the morning light created in the darkness were beautiful, no doubt, but for her unreachable. She simply couldn't find anything positive about the sight. She half wished the night should come back because she couldn't be part of the day anymore. Her new body opened her doors to actions that had been physically impossible for her as a human. It also forbade her contact with sunlight. It was incredible to feel such a craving towards a thing she'd witnessed every morning for many years without a second thought. Now it was a temptation. She wondered what was worse - to be changed early enough to not know the tingle of sunlight on skin or to have experienced it but be torn away through the transition. She was sideways on her bed, facing the windows with her knees drawn up to her chest, her bound hands sheltered in the cavern between her abdomen and legs. The two single windows of the room faced her and she followed the rising light with narrowing pupils as the world grew visible. She hated how it pained her to look towards the horizon. She wanted to tear her eyes open and stare into the sun until she burned, just to triumph against this unwanted weakness. That's why she unfolded from her position, as a soft, mechanical buzzing sounded close by. In a moment she was almost pressed against the window, which was slowly but surely obscured by the black shutters that were sliding down. The automatic timer had activated to protect the inhabitants of the mansion. She wanted to break the window and tear them away. Her desire to see the light again was so powerful that she felt the need to scream with frustration. But she didn't. She watched, rigid, as the last slivers of glass were covered and the noises of the tiny motors responsible stopped. The world was back in black and it felt more isolated than it had been in her cell. How could nobody else find this feeling terrible? Being so close, a simple opening of a door away, from what had once been perfectly normal and now was a death trap. Had her life been a movie, she wouldn't have appeared ridiculous if she sank down on her knees and cried for the simple things she'd lost in only one insane week. Reality was different. She was a vampire in a world of vampires where even considering such a useless emotional display was deemed a waste of time. She was meant to be detached from emotions, a logical thinker who set her priorities in line with blood and most definitely not feeling sorry that she couldn't face the sun. This realization had her looking for distraction again. She didn't want to pine away for her human life. It didn't change the situation. She knew it was fruitless and she'd pretty much accepted that there was no turning back. It didn't make the hurt go away though. Maybe she couldn't express it well anymore, but it was inside her nonetheless and it pained her whenever she gave it attention. She needed to look for an activity that didn't require thinking. She was tired of lying around. Tired of thinking back through her failed escape and picking out the parts that she could have changed. Creating possibilities of freedom in her head. Hours had passed and she hadn't gotten further than before. But being cuffed didn't mean she was incapable. She wandered across her room, looking through the meek supply of book spines on the shelf. Every story she'd read at least twice and they were still in her head. She didn't have a computer and she figured that her father had removed internet access anyway to avoid her contacting anybody who could come to the rescue. Not that she knew anybody who did. Not anymore. Months ago, the time she'd still been hiding out in Ohio with strangers who quickly grew closer than family, they'd stolen a phone to attempt to contact family or fellow runaways. She'd declined the option because there was nobody to call. She'd exchanged contact details then and there but they were no use to her now. Those people were all gone. The pretty blonde Sienna White had shared her blanket with her when Alison had lost hers in a breakneck escape from a warehouse raid. She was snatched up two weeks later after trying to move up north in direction of Canada, heading for Alaska. The amount of blanket Alison had to herself increased after that. Heath Garrison who'd first snitched her wallet only to meet and recognize her again in a safe house a few days later and hand it back shamefully, apologizing. She'd never begrudged him, knowing all too well how desperate one got after starving for a week. He'd barely used any, purchasing goods for a group of four from a provision camp. He was anything but selfish. In the end, it got him killed after he'd thrown himself in front of a fellow traveler during a fight with starving vampires. They vanished that night. A failed hero. Even the New Yorker Nate Redford, whom she'd occasionally been more than a friend to, had been washed off the face of her world. Going out to gather supplies and not returning after twilight had long come and gone, he was presumed dead. Nobody should be out after dark. It was the time when vampires were the big and mighty ones. The time when the darkness was on their side. So it was probably true. She doubted he would abandon the group that had assembled in the cellars of what had once been a church. A group meant weapons, backup, food and safety. Herd animals worked the same way to stay alive. That ruled out somebody else she may have contacted. It was worse to realize that she couldn't feel much when thinking about the people she'd grown close to. Her memories were no longer linked to feelings such as hope, joy or longing. They were just fragments of an old life. People that she'd known. She cursed her father once again for taking this from her. Human beings she'd admired and appreciated more than him, were fading from her mind and her feelings for them were barely real anymore. Her previous life had turned into a dream. It was like recalling events out of a history books. There were still the people who'd been gracious enough to take her along to the human enclave in their caravan not ten days ago. If any of them had survived or were still human and able to help her, she would readily start believing in miracles. But since four years, there had been no miracles in her life. No sudden extinction of this virus that had changed everyone for the worst. No reverting of the populations to human form. The danger hadn't disappeared, she'd only moved out of its radar. Alison snapped out her daydream when her hearing picked up on something new. Clothing rustling, shifting, dropping onto a surface. Instinctively, she followed the sound. She only noticed later that she'd been moving like a predator, with strained shoulders, bent knees and rolling off the balls of her feet to minimize noise. As though she'd wanted to pounce on the source, which could only have been the other person in this house. She paused in her doorway, eyes trained down the corridor, careful to avoid the scrape of her cuffs against another. Conveniently, her gaze landed right on the target. It was a sight that had her frozen in her position, not because it genuinely shocked her but because her head suddenly seemed to forget how to react to such a situation. There was the skin of a bare back facing her from inside Frankie's room. His jacket was discarded on the covers along with the white shirt. Draping on top of the pile was a long white piece of gauze that he was rhythmically removing from his arm. She'd noticed earlier that he had removed the sling upon their arrival but the bandage remained. More and more material landed on the bed and she did nothing but hover and stare at the body that was being exposed to her. It wasn't just the flexing movement of his muscles as he shook the arm out, stretched the limb and twisted it a few times to shake out the tension. It wasn't even the nasty bruising that covered the skin. Really she didn't know what had her so drawn to the sight. Maybe because it showed all too clearly that he wasn't just a cruel, indestructible figure, a soldier sworn loyal to her father, somebody she could despise as much as she wanted. He was a person. He had a body like hers under that uniform. He wasn't invulnerable just like her. She realized that she hadn't come across another unclothed body in a long time. At least not a live body. A body that she had beheld with such interest. Frankie's back arched forward as he leant on his arm, testing the threshold of pressure it could take again. His spine pressed against the skin and she focused on the drawing he had on his back. It was a tattoo that she hadn't paid attention to in her first shock but as he moved, the wings of the tribal creature filled her view and she zeroed in on the ink design. A bird of sorts, established from an arrangement of curving lines and shapes in black. Two wings reaching across the shoulder blades, the tail feathers curved downwards in a sloping, curve with its tip touching his central spine. She followed every single line on his back with her eyes, fascinated by their complexity, their lack of symmetry. He moved again, taking up a fresh bandage and making quick work of wrapping it around his lower arm. She allowed herself to drift off again, looking at the base of his skull and the skin stretching over his neck to the head with the short hair. In pure flesh he looked almost more intimidating than with the army jacket on. Yet, she was taking in the image of him before her with everything else in mind but fear. It was somewhat funny that he'd caught her undressing and now it was the opposite way around. Though she was more of a voyeur than him because she was purposely watching and wasn't turning away. Absently, she wondered if it was some sort of instinct to be so intensely drawn to another vampire. Maybe it was linked with her acute hate for vampires in general that made her want to observe them. Or just one in particular at the moment. She studied the bird again. She wanted to know if he'd gotten it as a human. It was more likely. Vampires, it seemed to her, didn't find emotional importance in decorating their bodies. Vampires also had regenerated quickly. Maybe it was impossible to receive a tattoo once you were transformed because the ink could be seen as harmful by the body and the skin would automatically renew itself. She was curious. \"Why a bird?\" she wondered aloud and the soldier turned his head in her direction without haste. So he wasn't surprised. He'd known she was standing there but had chosen to ignore it. Too late, she realized that she'd broken the mutual silence that had stood between them, which she'd determinedly held on to for the remainder of tonight. She knew it was wrong to hold a grudge because it was his job but it had brought her out of her self-destructive phase. Nothing would be sweeter than escaping from under his arms. For the first time since she'd been removed from her prison and carted over here, she looked at the face of the man. Not the calculating eyes, not the vampire characteristics of the expression but the whole face. Since she was analyzing the entire body anyway, it didn't feel like she was betraying her vow to see him as an enemy rather than a friend. He had a softer profile than she'd thought. His nose was not the perfectly straight shape she'd envisioned. Neither was the chin and mouth that of a statue. It was more suited for a sullen boy who'd grown up too soon. The large eyes just added to that picture. He pulled on his T-shirt again and faced her. \"It's a phoenix,\" he explained. At least he wasn't giving her the cold treatment anymore, \"I had it done before. It didn't have any meaning then. A friend got one, I got one, I guess it was a mutual sign that we were tough. Not that we were real friends. Friendship was a fake word for the relationships I had when I was nineteen,\" he paused, looking down at the carpet as if it was a film of the past, \"The phoenix was spontaneous. It looked good on paper so I got it. I only saw the connection when I joined this life. It was my sign for starting over as someone different\" She hadn't expected that much of a life story behind it but she didn't complain. For him it appeared unnatural to open up about himself so that he was actually talking from his own free will was a good sign. Not logical, but she didn't care to question it. \"Someone different? Why?\" He tore himself away from the carpet and shot her a glance that spoke of how irritated he was at her lack of knowledge. \"Because I wasn't a very good human,\" he finally said, a cynical smile plastered on his face. She didn't like it. He didn't bother to appear genuine. Alison reflexively raised her chin in retaliation to his tone and didn't even consider letting up. \"What am I meant to get from that?\" \"There's nothing to interpret. Just that who I am now and who I was as a human, are two very different people and that I prefer this one\" She hadn't realized that there was a self-observant side to him. Well, at least he could talk to her again without making it a threat or an instruction. \"I definitely prefer the human,\" Alison responded, thinking back to the life she'd led up till now and knowing there wasn't anything she would change. Apart from the being in constant danger maybe. Frankie misinterpreted her words and laughed humorlessly, \"He was nothing. The black sheep of the family. He could have been an orphan with all the attention he got from his parents. They didn't care for him if they could focus on their medicine-majoring son\" After a second of confusion, it clicked that he was talking about himself in third person. As though it was a completely different guy he was speaking of. As though that person had died. She hoped she wouldn't sound that way when speaking of her human days after a certain time. \"Well, I'm sorry about the way your life went\" His stance didn't change but his face smoothed out again and he just looked at her. She wished she could read the blank page that he pasted on his expression. \"Though I'd still prefer you human\" \"You wouldn't,\" he stated with absolution and slipped back into his jacket, leaving it open. In the semi-darkness, his white shirt glowed compared to the rest of their clothing. It made her sick with frustration to hear him constantly putting down the human race. Weirder even, it made her angry to listen to him put his human self down. Worst of all, she fumed at his assumption that he knew what she thought of him. That was the weakness that made her reckless. \"I bet you wanted the change because you were shit scared of becoming food. You didn't want to bother fighting it so you just became part of the winning team. That's the side I'd hate if I had known you\" He didn't let that sit on him. In a second he was out of the room and almost nose to nose with her. His calmness had fallen away to reveal the person that he was when his pride was attacked. She wasn't intimidated by his proximity anymore because she'd gone through this procedure several times now but she was well aware of his scent, which she focused more on than her sight in the absence of proper light. The house had switched off the lamps as soon as the shutters had closed, assuming that the inhabitants were asleep. The darkness wasn't a hurdle for their improved sight but everything was definitely less clear and defined than before. Her other senses were more alert than her eyes. \"Don't assume things that you have no idea of,\" he growled and his voice betrayed the wavering control he kept on his body. She felt his hands shake at his sides, could sense the tiny movements in the dark. He probably wanted to throttle her for her words, just like he could with all of her father's enemies. \"Don't assume you know what I think of you,\" she bit right back, staring into his gold iris' that were almost swallowed by his large pupils. \"You say you weren't a good human. You make it sound like a profession. It's not something you have to or can be good at. It's who you are. So what if you're the one in the family that isn't the best. It's your life and you can make something out of it if you want to. You didn't have to die and become this to change\" He went pale. That muscle in his jaw twitched dangerously as he closed his eyes. It made him look like a furious ghost. She became very aware of her disadvantage in position. Her back against the doorframe, her hands cuffed and caught between their bodies so she couldn't raise them in defense. She was really in over her head playing with fire today. If he lost it now, she was dead. But he didn't. He only pinned her with his eyes and if it was true that they were the window to the soul, even for vampires, then she saw the self-doubt he had in him at that moment. \"You have no idea who I am,\" he told her and his voice was a whisper like he wanted nobody else but her to hear them, \"But you say all this… as if you'd known me then\" His sudden insecurity at her observations made her strangely glad. So he really had a side that was prepared to listen, to question, maybe to change. Again, he was back to human in her presence and she was pleased to hear him speak, for a moment, like he didn't know what to say anymore. \"I met many people while I was out there. A lot of them gave up running and tried to infest themselves so they wouldn't die. They were scared of death and honestly, I don't blame them. You're not that different. You thought it was a better way of life for you,\" she paused and her lips curved up mischievously at the corners, \"I still don't know you, almost nothing about you. So you don't have to be worried that I'll go around the neighborhood telling your deepest, darkest secrets\" \"I wasn't concerned\" He didn't return the smile but his lips twitched at the comment. There we go, almost a laugh, she congratulated silently. He leaned back, letting himself rest against the opposite side of the doorframe and tucked his hands in his pockets. With the movement away from her, any threat she'd felt coming from him, disappeared into thin air. All she sensed was a new level of companionship. Maybe not that close, but a mutual understanding. \"Don't get me wrong, I'd like to know you,\" she said, looking at the stitched-on Bromley Marks logo on his uniform, \"I'm just not sure if you would want that\" Now he was confused, \"Why?\" \"Because you're my prison guard. So anything I know about you, I could use against you,\" she shrugged at his perplexed silence. A moment later, realized she was messing with him and raised an eyebrow at the sudden familiar tone she struck with him. As though she'd decided that they could be some form of friends, not constant, destined-to-be enemies. \"Good thing I forgot my diary at home,\" he quipped and she had to snicker as he adapted the same playful language she used on him. \"Lucky you\" And just like that, she'd broken the ice exterior and had wormed her way back under his skin. Deeper and more dangerously orientated than before. The trust was being established again and if she worked on gathering his weak points together one by one, she'd be out of here within the next week. This time, there wouldn't be any mistakes in her plan.[Chapter 9] Bromley Mansion, Ground Floor, Kitchen For the fifth time since arriving, Frankie watched carefully as his precious detainee sized up the drink he'd set down in front of her, then slowly, under his scrutiny, reached forward and took hold of the glass. He watched sideways as she brought it to her mouth, sneaked a glance over at him and held his gaze as she tipped it down her throat. She'd been playing this game the past two days. Always keeping her eyes on his whenever she would drink, mocking, proving to him that she was being as placid as he secretly hoped to keep her. The problem with this was that he felt these moments, when they both took in their daily rations, were slowly becoming very intimate sessions. He'd find himself focusing on her lips stained red before her tongue swiped across to lick up any evidence of it. He told himself that this flare of inner heat came from the sight of the blood even though it was clear he was kidding himself. His stomach had long been sated. Looking at her now, he could barely envision the dirt-streaked human that he'd first knocked out in 's office. This undead Alison had taken him off guard with her change in attitude over the last forty-eight hours. Following her observation of his tattoo, she'd begun conversing with him as though she'd never thought differently of him. As though a switch had been turned in her head and she was suddenly receptive to anything he said and basically all up for building some form of familiarity between them. Puzzled and on guard as he'd instinctively become, he'd taken to watching her subtly with all the expertise he'd gained at work. He remembered his first couple of weeks wearing a uniform and gun. There was nothing remotely close to familiarity between the soldiers. Nobody trusted anybody; even in the vampire community there was always that underlying tension. One would call it animal rivalry. His first assumption was that it was another technique of hers to steal her way past his defenses in order to make another run for it, but if that was the case, she was taking it painfully slow. He'd purposely left a couple of openings yesterday, allowing her to lock the bathroom door when she showered, going as far as to letting her open a window to let in some fresh air as soon as the sun had set. Nonetheless, she hadn't set a foot out of line. Neither had she gotten into physical contact with him again. It was bothering him to no end that he couldn't figure her out. Multiple opponents that he'd faced, whether human or vampire had been easy to predict and occasionally he even got bored with the rounding up of humans because they always, always chose the same methods of escape. They really enforced the fact that they were born creatures that liked to stay in groups and driving that mob into a corner was really the simplest task he had to master. The adrenalin rushes made up for the repetitiveness of it but the raids were never an impossible challenge. He didn't get tired of looking at Alison though. Right now, it was the way her lips were flushed a darker color than before her feeding and how she nonchalantly leaned back in her seat now and pushed the glass into the centre of the table. A careless, relaxed gesture. There was always a new detail to be found about her and he would ask himself every time how he could have missed it. If he had been on duty in an environment that was far more hostile he'd have cursed himself for being inattentive. He didn't know that this discomfort of not knowing her inside out came from the growing attraction inside. \"Am I going to get bad behavior points if I don't ask for a refill?\" the girl in question asked, sending a mocking smile in Frankie's direction, breaking his reverie. \"If I actually kept tabs on your behavior,\" he responded seriously, moving to take her glass and dump it in the dishwasher with his, \"So it's your lucky day\" \"Isn't that what you're paid for?\" she probed, pulling up her feet onto the chair and wrapping her arms around her knees. There was the change. She'd gone from confident and sly to a little child listening to a fairytale at story time. Frankie had never supposed a vampire could look innocent but she actually managed it. When she wasn't angry or brooding. \"No. I monitor what you do\" He wasn't entirely sure how much she was allowed to know so he left out the gritty details of what he was doing. She didn't press the subject. \"I bet this wasn't what you signed up for. Babysitting seems kind of out of place for a guy in a uniform,\" She stated with a quirk to her lips. He suppressed the urge to tell to quit the mockery only because found himself enjoying the loose conversation too much to force her into silence yet. \"As long as changing diapers isn't involved, it's not the end of the world\" She laughed softly under her breath. Then her tone grew less euphoric. \"Who has to worry about the world ending when we're already dead ?\" \"You don't look particularly lifeless to me,\" he observed, nudging the dishwasher shut with his heel. Alison didn't even give him the satisfaction of a deadpan glare but stretched out her legs, placing them on the tabletop and examining her bare feet thoughtfully. He'd noticed that she didn't care much about general manners. She had evidently been living rough for quite some time, where wasting time on politeness was unnecessary. \"Like anything you see in a vampire's face is actually true,\" she muttered. Of course he heard it perfectly clearly. He could sense her inner barricades slipping down over her brief good mood again. \"I thought you're one of the most honest ones I know\" She let her head fall sideways so that her hair spilled over the back of her chair and she was looking at him from an angle. Her expression was wiped clean. \"What made you think that?\" \"You speak your mind, no matter if it gets you in shit or not,\" he shrugged, \"You say you don't care if you die or not and you mean it. Others, they can say it but in their last moments it can't be more obvious that they do. They were scared of dying. Permanently.\" She turned back to look at her bare legs and the little child demeanor vanished with the smirk that adorned her face then. \"Maybe I'm less honest than you think\" \"Good, I was beginning to think you're abnormal,\" he feigned relief at those words even though there was surely a measure of hidden meaning behind them. It got her to grin back at him for a second though. \"Sure. Which normal person doesn't have a personal bodyguard, a dysfunctional family and a massive house to themselves?\" she wondered with exaggerated surprise, raising her chin to fix her golden eyes on the window behind him, \"Ah, and a Mercedes in her front yard?\" Frankie didn't even turn. He'd spotted the car when they'd first arrived but killed his admiration for the impressive silver machine in order to focus on the vital things at hand. Now that she mentioned it though… \"Sorry, I can't let you out for a test drive,\" he added expressionlessly, half-turning to secretly admire it too. No matter how vampires were essentially indifferent to material things that weren't blood, there was no killing the admiration for stylish cars. \"What you can and what you will do are two different things,\" she responded in a philosophical manner, abandoning her place on the chair and standing beside him in a beat, leaning her hands on both sides of the sink to get a better view, \"Come on. Don't you trust me to behave when I'm cuffed and bound?\" That put pictures of the worst kind in his head and he had to force them away before they even wandered into his subconscious. The damage was done though. He attention was no longer on the sleek car but on the tall, slim female leaning, in a position that now seemed ridiculously tempting, against the kitchen counter with her chestnut hair spilling over her shoulders. The cuffs she was constantly in now were glinting at him conspiratorially. He cleared his throat and simply said, \"No\" There it was, that judging look she turned on him. Only ten times closer than before. Her line of sight was exactly parallel with his nose so she even had her head angled up towards him. The curve her upper body and throat made towards him wasn't helping. He had his control in place but the fiery intelligence of her gaze made him waver. \"Sorry\" He blinked. \"Why?\" \"It's my fault you don't trust me. I shouldn't even expect it. I mean,\" she averted her eyes and let out a bitter laugh that transformed her again, from the seductive vampire to the human girl, \"What kind of guy trusts a girl who pulls a hit-and-run on him?\" \"What kind of vampire tells somebody she's sorry?\" was the question that lay on his lips but he didn't speak it out because there was sincerity in her apology that made the comment irrelevant. Stupid even. He'd noticed the second she'd said her first words to him that she was made of the same stuff as his big brother. Different to the majority. Still full of emotion. Though, with the direction this conversation was taking again, he was beginning to think he might have that problem too. So instead, he shook his head, \"An idiot\" \"Yeah, that the category I should be in,\" she mused, wandering over to the adjacent living room to skim along the shelves. Political, crime and supernatural novels, non-fictional works from Dr. this and that, historical and archeological books that held beautiful pictures – taken by people that had previously been able to go out in the sun. Not a single photo album. Her father was a collector but he didn't keep the fragments of his own life. Not even a picture of her mother existed in this house. Her focus slipped from the shelves that only held paper bound words and centered on the cupboard on the opposite wall, that she'd found out yesterday to be holding endless films that she hadn't expected her father to own. Most of them were untouched and still wrapped in their plastic covering. She bet they were mainly gifts from business partners or whatnot. Her father had only ever switched on the television to watch the news when she was a child, so that had left her free reign of it most of the time, and she doubted that had changed with his finding of immortality. She could hear Frankie in the doorway of the room that was decorated only for the purpose of looking comfortable but really was the least homely place imaginable. Everything was too in place to be considered lived in. The porcelain ornaments on the coffee table were in a flawless formation, the spotless hardwood floor scratch free, even the novels sorted by author. Alison didn't like it. She still felt as though she was residing in a stranger's house, though her head told her it was her home for now and the future. A disgusting thought. She wanted a distraction. A lightening of the mood. She paused by the large double-window that was obscured from the exterior by the thick blinds and without seeking to see her captor's reaction, asked, \"Do you feel like killing the rest of the day by watching a movie with the idiot?\" He didn't give an answer but a moment later the low leather sofa let out a sigh as weight settled on it and she had her confirmation. She sorted her way through the neatly organized rows of films, all the while with her back to him. She flicked her eyes across the spines, scanning the titles for something that had the least amount of cheesy lines, gut-filled violence or cliché storylines. Quite intent in her search, she wasn't prepared for the question he suddenly posed from across the room. \" Do you still trust?\" She slowed, her finger coming to rest on a random cover. She looked at it blindly and chose her answer carefully. Suddenly she felt regret sneak into her for putting on that guilty 'Oh I shouldn't have treated you that way' story just now. He'd gotten them impression that she'd meant it in a deeper context than that, that she had actually given him trust before. \"Why wouldn't I?\" He huffed. \"I don't. I don't get any and I don't need to give any either\" She dislodged the film from its position, took it over to the television set and slipped it out of its untouched cover. \"I think it's probably the worst way to exist. Being suspicious of everybody all the time isn't really for me. I had to trust more than I was prepared to for the last couple of years and in the end, it kept me alive\" \"As a human, that's a different perspective. You have to trust and rely on each other because you're too weak to make it alone. Now, you don't need anyone,\" he stated flatly, watching her like a hawk from where he sat. His gold eyes drew her in and made her look up when she could no longer pretend to be fiddling with the movie. \"That's not true\" \"Really?\" he leaned forward slowly, elbows propped up on his knees, \"But you don't trust me. Or your father. Or the people living around here. Do you trust them as blindly as you did those humans? No. Not because you're not in a life-death situation, it's because there's no ability to trust left in you\" He had seen right through her. She didn't open her mouth to answer and it was a silent victory for him. He'd cornered her in her own convictions and was turning her world upside down with those basic questions. He wanted to see just how much of a human she still was. How far she was going to take this façade of still being a naturally good creature because he knew she couldn't be. That part was inevitably locked away in the transition and gave way to selfish ruthlessness. She'd shown that she could go to lengths to get her selfish freedom and yet, she insisted on these emotional attachments. \"I don't trust you because you work for my father. It's got nothing to do with what I am now,\" she finally said, perching on the sofa diagonally from his. He smirked but said nothing more, choosing to turn his eyes towards the film that had begun its story with a dramatic touch of well-orchestrated music. The legendary Hans Zimmer if he wasn't mistaken. Apparently he was still in business but his newest soundtracks had a different touch to them, a more macabre essence to his music. Nobody had gone untouched in personality by the change. It was an older movie. The characters were obviously still human, with movements that were comparatively sluggish and expressions that gave more away than any vampire actor nowadays. He couldn't remember having gone to see it. Alison had her eyes pinned on the screen too but he could tell that she wasn't listening to a single word being projected from the expensive speakers. His hypersensitive hearing heard only her regular breathing but he swore he could pick up the extensive whirring of her thoughts taking place in her head. Still mulling over his words. In the semi-darkness of the house her face was illuminated by the television and he found the shades of light and dark on her features oddly pretty. Once more, he had to shake the observation from his head before it settled. He was relieved of this constant temptation to watch her from his convenient angle when his phone buzzed abruptly against his leg. He reached into his pocket, retrieved the flashing device, threw a look at the screen and sprang to alertness in an instant. The Chief Commander. In a breath he was standing in the hallway, leaving the heated arguments of the actors on the other side of the wall, and pressed the mobile to his ear. \"Dalton\" \"There's been some news. I thought it would be interesting for you,\" the deep bass of the chief's voice sounded through the line and Frankie was amazed at how oppressive the guy managed to sound even over the phone. He wasn't one to be messed with and there was no doubt about Bromley's choice of his head of security. \"Listening, Sir,\" the young soldier replied, knowing he was either expecting an order or something that was so gravely pressing that it couldn't wait for another week or so. \"Edward Dalton has left the company\" Frankie had to restrain himself to not growl his annoyance into the receiver. What the hell? His brother? The man that searched so vigorously for an alternative blood source? Not a chance. Had Bromley kicked him out? Not likely, he was the head of the scientific research team after all. Why was he getting this absurd call anyway? \"I don't understand,\" he said, leaning his weight on one hand that he supported against the wall. \"He was seen by one of the men of the hunting teams, leaving in the company of two humans in broad daylight. There was quite a chase involved but they escaped our squad. We assume that it was intentional of him to accompany them, otherwise he would have turned them in as soon as the men arrived. Have you been in contact?\" Breathe in. Breathe out. Control the voice. \"No\" \"Does he have an understanding of where you are staying or who you are with?\" \"No. I didn't inform him of this job\" \"His house has been checked and his recent phone calls traced. There is no evidence of contact with humans but it seems obvious that this meeting was arranged. Any ideas?\" \"There was…a visitor,\" Frankie remembered, his blood running cold with realization as the day flashed back into his head, \"A woman. I didn't see or hear the conversation though. She may have been human\" \"There is no interior surveillance in his residence I presume?\" \"No\" A brief pause on the other end. Then, in a tone that tolerated no disobedience, the Commander spoke, \"Stay alert, Dalton. Any glimpse of him I want reported right back. Understood?\" Edward was gone. Edward hadn't been abducted. Edward had run off with the humans. Ed, his big brother, had finally chosen a side. The traitor. \"Of course, Sir\" Frankie said and every word was ice. The sound of the phone sliding shut in his hand resounded in the silent corridor as he let his head drop against the smooth wallpaper. The heated plastic and metal radiated warmth into his fist that hung by his side and he wanted to crush it as an outlet for his anger. Pissed wasn't even close to describing what he felt for his sibling right now. And those humans that had lured him away. Edward and his soft spot for the stupid species. If he found them, he'd tear their throats out until they were a bleeding mess on the ground. He noticed that the house was silent because the television had been muted and he knew that she had heard every word of the conversation. That just added to his fury. He hadn't even noticed the loud voices, fake gunshots and screeching tires suddenly disappearing from his ears. He opened his eyes and turned them on her figure that hovered to his left with a look of absolute smugness lighting up her face. It took a lot not to hurt her then and there and the phone suffered as a result. The corners pressed into his flesh and he knew if he squeezed any harder it would be history but seeing this gave him the rest. Uttering a string of curses, he turned on his heel and headed to the stairs, fully intent on grabbing himself a nice, big whisky from the boss' study, screw him noticing the absence of a bottle. Halfway there, he realized he couldn't do that because he was on a permanent duty and would definitely pay dearly for being intoxicated with a rebellious prisoner on his hands. Hissing through his teeth in aggravation, he stopped in his tracks and took a deep breath. It didn't calm him down a bit. The need to kill or tear something apart was itching at him and the only living outlet close to him was his prisoner. She still wore that smile and it was the best recipe for egging him take that leap over the edge and forcefully wipe it off her face. She didn't see the danger she was placing herself in. She didn't see where he was headed. Edward, you fucking idiot.[Chapter 10] Bromley Mansion, Ground Floor, Hallway Alison had seen him pissed. She'd seen him resort to moderate force and violence to restrain her. She'd also seen the compassionate side of him, if only in flashes every now and again. She wasn't exactly prepared for this reaction though. She hadn't been able to help her inner triumph at the news of his brother's conformation to the human resistance. She couldn't be sure it was truly like that and a miniature part of her feared it was all simply a set-up, a plan to seek out and drive the last of those that had made it through alive until now, into the deadly trap. She didn't know Edward Dalton as a person and she couldn't guarantee herself that he was not a spy. There were plenty of fake sympathizers out there who didn't mean one word they babbled about but more and more humans fell for their extended offers of shelter and safety out of sheer desperation. However, the aggression in the soldier's movements as he paused on the opposite side of the hallway could not be overseen. The information had triggered something inside him. Whether shame humiliation, abandonment or worry, whatever it truly was, it emerged out of his vampire body as trembling fury that possessed his entire form. She could actually see the tremors run across his skin. She half-wished that she was the reason behind this reaction; that she could actually cause this man to revert to his darker, primal version due to anger she evoked in him. That she held some shred of power over him. Reality was that this dangerous state of mind was surely a result of his brother's flight and their sibling connection. She didn't know much about him as of yet but Frankie appeared to her a loyal soul, unfortunately loyal to her father, and therefore it made absolute sense for him to be beyond furious at his brother's 'betrayal'. Nonetheless, the smug smile stayed on her face and hard as she might have tried, she couldn't have wiped it away even if she wanted to. There was just too much irony in the situation. The perfect soldier's closest relative detaching himself and joining the other side. What a classic. Almost the same kind of scandal that she'd bestowed upon her father with her resistance when she'd still been human. Her focus slipped back to Frankie though when he uttered a snarl that would have had her shaking in her clothes had the situation been different. Had she still been sitting in that cell right now, human and very much vulnerable, she would have shrunken away from this person involuntarily. Now, she simply watched in fascinating as he instinctively lowered his upper body and jutted out his head that had changed into a grimace of death. The canines were extended past their normal length. There was no reflex to recoil and flee anymore. She stayed right where she stood, the smirk melting away as her teeth lengthened instinctively. She was an equal now. Maybe not in size and strength to a man but she was just as undead as him and she refused to be intimidated anymore. If he wanted to take out his anger on her, and from the look of things he probably would any second now, he should go ahead, but expect to receive back as good as he gave. Their eyes were locked and Alison observed him intently. She wasn't going to make the first move but if he charged now, she wanted to be able to counter. Before, she preferred being armed since her hand-to-hand combat was barely adequate. Things had changed though. She was equipped with natural weapons of the best sort now and instincts that guided her reactions when experience failed. The issue of blood thirst aside, this new form enabled her to protect herself twice as well as before. She felt the complete control she possessed as adrenalin pulsed along her muscles. Frankie was facing her straight on now. Anger was written all over his features but she found only glee in the fact that he was about to explode on her. Some part of her wanted this fight that had long been building within her, for various reasons. She'd been repressed and commandeered around for too long; all this contained frustration needed an outlet. If the soldier was willing to give that to her, he was only too welcome. She hissed, egging him on. \"What? Not pleased to realize that not even your brother wants to be on your side?\" She hit a nerve there. His last threads of restraint visibly snapped away and then he sprung forward, clashing with her immediately. Her head was thrown back against the wall with the impact but the dizziness lasted barely a breath before she surged right back, using her entire weight to push him backwards, into the opposite wall. It was a mass of snarls, shouts and shaking walls as the two struggled for the upper hand in a fight that both of them knew would lead nowhere but were not in the least prepared to break off. Frankie wrestled his arm out of her grip and the free hand enclosed her throat as she twisted around to strike again. She choked, stumbled backwards with the momentum and they smashed straight through the glass table that stood at the mouth of the corridor. Shards flew and were crushed as the bodies smothered them in their grapple. This wasn't a comparatively basic exchange of blows that a fighting human couple would tend to deliver in an argument. No slapping or kicking, no resorting to screaming out lungs with a barrage of brutal words and insults that defied all logic. These were two riled up vampires who feared neither the consequences of what would happen if they tore each other to pieces but battled just to prove an undefined point to the other. This outcome wouldn't remain a couple of bruises and emotional scarring; this would go down to flesh, starting from the second that glass scraped against Alison's skin and drew first blood. The brunette lurched forward, head butting the soldier in a wild attempt to break free of his weight on her. Blood ran hot across his lips as it dripped from his nose and he snarled in her face, tightening his fingers in retaliation. It hurt. Her eyes were narrow, golden slits of deadly intent even though the stabbing pain of a constricted throat was clawing at her. Her knees came up; one catching him in the gut as he moved to block it and the hand finally fell away from her. She reared up, managing to catch a hold of the hair in the nape of his neck with one hand. She jerked it back, ignoring the way he delivered a blow to her ribcage as she did so, then dug her fangs into his jugular with all the vigor she had in her. The resounding scream rang in her ears and the indefinable taste penetrated her head. She'd experienced this before but reliving the moment of vampire blood flowing into her while she wasn't headed for suicide was different. It was an unexplainable mixture of pleasure at delivering pain, at bathing in somebody else's power, and disgust at the alien sensation, at turning on the same species. She didn't swallow the liquid life that coated her tongue but bit deeper, deeper until her own pain overshadowed the act. She couldn't tell if it was weapon or his hand that was tearing into her ribs but she didn't succeed in withstanding the pain and drew away. She hid her cry of anguish as she coughed out his blood, spitting it on the littered carpet while she fell back. Through blurry eyes she saw Frankie pull back too, hand immediately covering the torn throat that was already undergoing intensive healing. She touched a hand to her own torso, feeling the wound ignite under her fingertips. The flesh was bleeding profusely. Miraculously, it did nothing to dampen her heated temper though. As soon as she could stand without cringing over, she advanced again. His throat still gleamed wetly, the tender skin inflamed but no longer pouring as much blood. He uttered a deep growl as she approached, side-stepping the mess on the ground to avoid slipping. Alison followed every movement with her gaze, one hand on the tapestry to keep her balance but not letting her guard down. He insisted on being on the offense, not giving her a second to dive into the fray properly. The moment her right knee gave out a fraction as pain slashed through her side again, he was on the move, striking the leg with an accurate kick. She went down on all fours, agony lancing not only through her chest but the entire right side of her body. Her nerves seemed to go from numb to a sequence of fireworks setting her insides aflame. Her instinct to lash out at the aggressor peaked. Too bad for him that she knew about his weakest area. With effort, she rose up on her knees again, reaching out simultaneously to grasp hold of the vampire's previously injured arm. Though the metal of the cuffs obstructed her, her nails dug right through the jacket into the still sensitive flesh beneath and she jerked, feeling the material scrape roughly against the limb. He was good at keeping a poker face but at that his eyes clearly watered with pain and his mouth tightened to the point where they turned white. He jerked backwards immediately but she refused to let up, instead letting herself be dragged to her feet as he tried to gain distance. They were face to face again and although his one arm was caught in her vice grip, he was the one that twisted it despite the pain to pin her against the wall. Alison gritted her teeth at the impact, feeling it vibrate up her spine. She felt the stinging need to scratch at those hawk eyes, set her own violent mark on his skin so he would finally release the restraint over her. She wanted free use of her arms to tear through him just as she had tried with her teeth. She couldn't explain why these thoughts were rising inside her. It must have been the taste of him in her mouth. Knowing she had been able to go that far. Digging her fangs into the most exposed area. These sick desires didn't even faze her now as they passed through her head. Before she got to transform them into reality though, she was thrown to the side with the force of the blow that thundered against her face. She could have sworn she felt her cheekbone crack and the wetness that immediately shot into her eyes threatened to spill over the edges. Then came the unforgiving fingers that dug into the smarting flesh and turned her face back towards him. She squinted against the sensation. Gold was all she could see and it took her while before she realized that it must be his eyes boring into hers. His heated breath hit her and even as her dazed brain registered that he was much too close, that her control was slipping on the situation, twin pains erupted on her throat. Her nails must have penetrated his skin then. The agony that tore her apart had her muscles clenching and the resulting flinch from him did nothing to unhook her fingers. His skin was burning up under her touch and it seemed that all her senses grew even sharper as he violated her as she had. Every trickle of blood leaving her body, every millimeter that his fangs ripped into further, every movement of his mouth against her skin. They were both receiving and giving injury, waiting for the other to cave in. Somehow, rationally, deep in her core, she knew it would be her. She hadn't been trained to handle this sort of assault as he had. Now it was her scream that cut through the empty rooms. It didn't stop when he removed his head from the neck wound. The pain lasted, radiated out from the injury and cut through her ability to conjure up a decent strategy to win this fight. The smell of blood, the poisonous kind, infiltrated her nose and she gagged, just as he did, at the taste it left behind on the roof of her mouth. Not disgusting, just completely wrong . Vampire blood. It wasn't designed to be consumed by them. In desperate anger, she removed her grip from his arm and raised her cuffed fists to ram them into his chest, thumping them against the area where his heart lay. Fruitlessly attempting to cause him harm as he had but her arms weren't up for the task anymore. He'd taken more from her than she from him. Alison tried to swallow, wincing at the ache that the action caused. Her eyes were open but so unfocused she failed to see Frankie spit out what he had almost swallowed, use his healthy arm to wipe the worst away from his mouth and set his attention back on her. She blinked rapidly, hoping to bring at least his face back into detail. She feared this blindness, this vulnerability. Hands, burning hands, encircled her face again. Every single finger that splayed over her bloody skin held the power to crush her skull further if they desired. She lurched forward, intent on evading his grip but he slammed her back, none to gently. She wrenched her head to the side, gasping at the pressure this exerted on the injured cheekbone, and he still didn't remove them. His voice, rougher than usual and furiously low, despite his heavy breathing, murmured to her, \"Want more?\" Despite her raspy, blood-clogged voice, her light answer was an open opposition to his threat, \"What? You haven't had enough fun yet?\" He'd better take the hint that she wasn't backing down, no matter how far her broke her. Her sight had finally cleared so she could see the dark red stains on his clothes, across his pale face, his throat. Grim satisfaction arose at the view. She could only imagine what she must look like. He appeared slightly light-headed, with the fraction of a smile on his face, although his hold on her didn't waver and she felt the tension in the muscles that pinned her to the vertical barrier. He laughed at her retort but it died in his throat as a bout of coughing overtook him and more blood leaked from his lips. She looked at him, took in the whole picture since they clashed needlessly. The rush was ebbing away as they leaned there, intimately close like secret friends but their incentives without a shred of good intention. Logically, they were in a position that didn't suggest surrender. They were more or less taking a break from the violence and throwing word games at another, probing another to see who would back down. She knew she was drained and though the holes in her neck weren't wide, there was still blood running down her collarbone in little streams. She could only hope that his condition was the same. It seemed that when he fought, he finally lost all etiquette concerning personal space. She couldn't recall him keeping such little distance to her before, not even when he had restrained and carried her back home. She found herself not minding this at all. It didn't appear important that they had just beaten another up or ripped another's throat open. She wasn't afraid or resentful. Her want for blood was still there but changing into something else…something more potent. She remained immobile where she was and just soaked in the heat from his body. Suddenly the ache of her body, the lightly thudding pain that his fingers caused on her bruising cheek, everything simply fit into the picture. Frankie caught her gaze. Alison didn't look away as she raised her chin and challenged, \"Are you going to break my jaw too?\" Lips curved upwards into a bloody smile. \"Convince me not to\" he breathed back. She could have played the not-man-enough-to-have-manners-around-a-girl card but after this little episode here that would be silly. It was follow the order he gave or more hurt. She had no doubt that once he had the upper hand again, she would come to experience some of the fancy torture tricks he probably had in store. Thoughts of what her father would think about this didn't even occur to her. She contemplated her options, running out of reasonable ones fast. Unconsciously, her tongue ran over her lower lip, tasting bitter blood that must have been his. Raising her lids, she was confronted with those golden eyes, exploring hers whenever she dared to clash with them. She could see every tine line and shade in his iris. His pupils resembled black holes, which grew and grew until they filled her vision. Of course it meant he was filling any space possibly left between them. This time round, she was on the receiving end with no gap to squirm through and escape. She instinctively braced herself. The heated skin of their lips met and what followed couldn't be seen as anything else but a pleasurable mess. His blood on her mouth, her own all over her body and vice versa. Her fractured ribs protested as his hands found their way over them down to her hips and pressed her deeper into the wall. Her own, limited as they were kept, were operating on their own accord, tearing away the buttons of his jacket to gain access to the layers below. Where the line between bloodlust and pure, physical lust had been overstepped, she didn't know, but there wasn't much difference when it came to the basics. They hadn't morphed into anything else, still acted like two wild beasts that grappled for dominance. They had just taken it to another level. If there was air to inhale around them, Alison couldn't spare it a moment. They were breathing as one, lips fused and tongues tangling in their haste. If she had been an observer, somebody uninvolved, she may have found the scene appalling, disturbing and brutal in the way that the two of them seemed to be ravaging rather than donating embraces. Worse even than the previous session that included tearing into another's flesh like rabid dogs. Perhaps she should be repulsed at the true vampire she embodied now because there was no mistaking the animalistic clawing of her fingers in his clothing or the hiss of pleasure as he pulled them away to pin them above her head. This was no more self-defense. Frankie only dropped his hold once to shed his jacket but didn't quit kissing her. The first opportunity for her to break it off while he had his attention split. She didn't. Her hands stayed right on the wall and she didn't disrupt the contact. If anything, her eagerness increased as his body nestled back against hers. Any disgust, any prejudices and better judgment evaporated in the heat of the moment. One hand was tracing down her raised arms, the other crawling through the space between her sweater and stomach. Electric shocks seemed to pump through her as skin met skin under the clothing and mingled into a state of bliss with the pain that pulsed along the right of her chest. She couldn't stand keeping still while he got to touch her all he wanted. She tugged her arms out of his grip, pulling away from those demanding lips for a second to loop them around his head and tug at the obstructing material that still covered his upper body. He allowed her to pull off the thin shirt before claiming her mouth again. She made herself a picture of his contours blindly by puzzling the glimpses she seen together in her memory, feeling her way up his tensed abdomen to the lightly defined stomach until she reached the neck. Her frustration at being bound returned full tilt as she found herself having to hesitate again because the metal dug into her wrists and this translated into her movements. She yearned for control. More than that, for freedom of her body. \"Take them off\" He paused in his caresses, she felt him grin against her as he followed suit and his touch slid down to her jeans. She groaned with the effort of pulling his head away to seek out his eyes. He didn't understand and she wanted to make him obey her. Just once. \"No. These,\" she held the metal contraption in front of his face. His fingers encircled her arms like he needed to hold on to resist dragging her clothes off immediately. His eyes slid from her face to the cuffs and gradually back. The anticipated unspoken answer hung in the air, suffocating her. He would refuse. A moment ago he would have thrown her to floor for even communicating the thought out loud. This was unstable ground she was treading on. Alison could see it coming like a tidal wave crashing over her. He didn't speak for an age. Without warning, he released her and crouched, unzipping an inside compartment of the army jacket on the ground. She didn't breathe in her wonder. He didn't drop his gaze from her as he twisted the key in the tiny lock. Metal ground against metal with a sharp click that announced her release. Even though her mind was still whirling, she comprehended the meaning of this like he did. He was placing trust in her. He was following a direct demand of hers that involved trusting her to stay put. The realization of that bore the need to laugh at the irony of it all. This gesture coming from the man that had told her not too long ago that he would never ever trust. Especially not a person who was placed under his supervision as a prisoner. She raised them in front of her face, disbelieving that she was seriously unbound after five long days of constant restriction. He waited unexpectedly patient, gauging her next move in case he'd made the wrong choice. Alison stepped forward, lightly pushing against his chest with her flat palms. He didn't budge from where he stood, right in the middle of the hallway, so she froze opposite him. Her hands travelled over his bare upper body, enjoying the capacity of movement she had now. They eventually came to rest behind his head, linked closely at the nape of his neck and she noticed his had eyes fallen shut with the sensation. The mood had shifted again and the previous feral urgency had left their bodies. Delicate desire had replaced it, mingled with the need to explore. That was exactly what she did. Her hands stopped their journey and she let her lips convey the rest of her intentions, trailing up his chest. Judging from the shiver that ran through his body beneath her mouth, she wasn't doing too badly in her antics. She paused when she reached the top, hovering just inches away from the lips she'd experienced in multiple ways in just the last twenty minutes. Hell, what a day this was turning out to be. And who knew how it was going to end? If the strong hands running over her lower back and dropping further were any indication, it wouldn't be the worst day of her afterlife. She sucked in a breath of air, burying her pride deep under her next words. \"Thank you. Frankie\" A reply seemed halfway out of him when he changed his mind and only graced her with a fleeting almost-there smile. Fingers tangled in her chestnut strands and pulled her back to what they had disrupted. She didn't mind. There would be other opportunities to talk, to think. By the time her clothes joined his on the carpet, they were already past the need for words.[Chapter 11] Bromley Mansion, Ground Floor, Kitchen She sat there, slouched in her chair as though the world had decided to stretch itself out over her shoulders. Her head was bowed, her gaze glued to the marble countertop. Water ran down her spine in trickles as drops gathered in the tips of her hair and spilled over her back. Bruises littered the skin on her upper body, visible where her towel did not cover her. The legs she'd propped up on the opposite chair were less adorned with dark blotches than by inflamed scratches that marked her thighs. Her hand tangled in her hair, bunching it together in her fist and watching as residue water from her shower soaked the skin and dripped onto the kitchen floor. She didn't care. She felt empty. Full as a black hole and empty as a vacuum. She lowered her gaze, fanned out from the growing puddle to the mess of glass that coated the hallway and part of the kitchen tiles. Dispassionately, she stared at the pieces. Sober, compared to the earlier frenzy, she still didn't have any explanation for what had transpired. Her head was clear and now all she felt was numb pain that still seared through her wounds. Strangely enough, emotion seemed to be sidestepping her ever since the rush of lust and fighting instinct had left her. It didn't make sense. At this sort of action, she'd expected emotional highs or, more likely, lows to follow, but nothing of the sort had hit her so far. Barely an hour ago, she'd finally awoken from the craze that had started a chain of events she wasn't quite sure what to make of yet. Not that it had been unpleasant finding herself on the sheepskin carpet of the mansion's living room. She'd let the last waves of satisfaction roll off her, listening to their combined heavy breathing as their bodies recovered. She couldn't recall how long it had been since he'd caused that wreckage in the hallway nor how and when they had taken the party to this room. It had been disconcerting to feel his naked body on the ground next to hers, no longer touching or attacking, because she found she couldn't read his intentions. They had lain still like two wary animals, monitoring another as they caught their breath. She'd wondered absently whether all his sexual experiences occurred in this way. Blood stained that carpet now as their injuries pressed against the material. The silence had grown thicker the longer they lay side by side. She had turned her head after a good ten minutes and met his bright eyes in the dimness. She had felt nothing as they shared a long look that spoke of nothing and everything. He had been as blank to her as he had been before their heated encounter. Nobody had spoken and eventually, he raised himself onto his feet. She'd watched his backside vanish into the corridor, the muffled noises of him gathering his clothes. She had waited for the regret to come and pin her to the floor with its crushing weight. Or shame to fill her. Her anger had already been used up so she couldn't expect any more of that. As for the joy, there sure was a certain satisfaction in what she had done. It was a small victory. After all, she had gained the freedom of her hands. Maybe not for long but that didn't matter. She'd actually succeeded in manipulating him far enough into removing those cuffs. He was becoming lenient and she knew it. She'd lain on the ground for a while until she noticed the light subtly changing and a rumble of motors announcing the dawn of a new day. The shutters were closing down again. The invisible cage had been resurrected around her. There would be no crazy escape stunts for the next twelve hours at least. The sun was too high a risk. Not that she planned to get up to any mischief today because after this, she needed to recover. She'd sat up and inspected the damage that had been caused to her body. With the attention she had focused on it, the blood seemed to come rushing back to the wounds and they'd bled onto the carpet as she moved. She'd held her breath as she eased off the ground to hold in the wince that accompanied the movement. Without seeing everything, she had known that she was a mess. This was the point in time when physical reflections would have been convenient. She had stood, stretched out her aching limbs and had followed the soldier's example by picking her clothing off the floor. She didn't find herself affected by the chaos around. Strange as it was, she hadn't felt particularly different after the sex either. It had been quite a new experience for her, a mixture of rough, primitive desire and hesitant, foreign pleasure. Reflecting now though, it might as well have been the two of them having a little tea party. It wasn't important. She had realized then that this episode, this encounter, it had just been an outlet for her anger. This empty state of mind had perturbed her the more she gave thought to it. That there was no meaning to anything she did anymore. Did not even the shared physical aspects of existence hold significance when you were undead? She'd retreated under the shower, not knowing or particularly caring where her guard dog had gone. The blood staining the tiles was washing away but the soreness remained. She had not been able to tell yet whether she liked the blue bruises like ink spills over her skin or whether she hated them because of their origin. She had felt marked and ironically, more possessed and controlled than when she'd sported those handcuffs. Now, here she was, half-dried off and with no solutions to a situation she was still wrapped up in. So, she'd been detained, tied and repressed for more than a week. She'd just practiced extreme violence followed by extreme sexual activity with a man whom she not only disliked on principle but also because he generally contradicted most of what she said. To top it all off, she didn't even have a great escape plan now that she had a tad more freedom than a couple of hours ago. She almost flinched when the sound of somebody else's footfalls reached her ears but denied her body the permission to show any change. She didn't speak as Frankie passed her, moved to the fridge and poured out their daily doses. They were running quite low on their stocks, she observed as the blood licked down the side of its container into her glass. That meant her father or some form of a henchman would soon make an appearance to restock their supply. At least she assumed so. He set down the drink in front of her and she caught his eyes as he did. Time, not that there was much significance to it nowadays anymore, stopped in the space their gazes dominated. She raised an eyebrow, not cheekily or questioning, but expectant. She'd be damned if there wasn't anything to say about this episode. She knew it was a very human thing to speak about these things, to establish some sort of association with these events but she didn't care if he saw it like that. She'd bottled up enough of her opinions before, she needed clarity and she wanted it now. \"So what's happening in there right now?\" she asked as casually as possible, gesturing towards his head, \"Tell me. I can't read minds and its bad enough having to interpret whatever you decide to say.\" His face didn't so much as twitch and regarded her with complete blankness. She inwardly groaned. So he was going to do this the hard way. I-will-just-pretend-it-didn't-happen-and-play-dumb-to-make-you-regret-ever-bringing-this-up. She shook her head indignantly and turned away from him, slumping back into her chair. \"Unbelievable\" she murmured. Silence ensued after her statement in which Alison was deliciously tempted to hit him again or just walk out. Somehow, he succeeded in making her angry with herself without even opening his mouth. Or, in this case, because he didn't open his mouth. Apparently, it was all nicely and simply laid out. Whatever happened would remain under lockdown until he saw fit to bring it up. She ground her teeth in frustration. So here was another prime example of him, once more, pulling the strings and making decisions even though she was technically no longer the puppet in chains. \"You know, bizarrely enough, I was under the illusion that you'd actually be a fraction more bearable to be around after we fight it out,\" she stated aloud, fingers tapping against the side of her chair, \"And again you've proved me wrong\" She stood up with her glass, manoeuvring her body around his immobile figure to walk past. She sucked in her lip between her teeth for a second still feeling the residue taste of their blood on it even though she'd thoroughly removed those marks in the shower. She paused next to the pile of debris that had once been a table. Then she tilted her head around to toss him an almost sincere apologetic smile. \"It was my mistake. I mistook you for something else but you're still an asshole\" There was no reaction from behind her but she didn't care to check whether he was affected. It didn't occur to her that she may be overreacting or interpreting completely unrelated things into his silence. Maybe she was being judgemental and failing to be optimistic about what she'd gained. A new measure of freedom, a good couple of hours of entertainment, an outlet for her suppressed fury and an experience that measured up to none she'd had in the past. She slammed her bedroom door and leaned against it, hungrily letting the drink flow down her throat as she emptied her glass. She refused to show it in front of him but this replenishment had been necessary. She could literally feel herself rejuvenate. Her sore throat immediately mellowed out and the ribs stopped aching after a couple of minutes. With newfound energy, she wrapped herself in a comfortable jumper and track pants and settled on the bed. She let her hands tangle in the iron wrought bars of the headboard and relaxed against it, stretching out the muscles in her shoulders. Alone again, she grew pensive as one only could when there was literally no distraction available but the company of a man she couldn't even define her sentiments towards. In all seriousness, she knew he wasn't that much of an asshole. He'd proven he was able to care, or at least put on a marginally convincing act of caring. He had not treated her with explicit brutality up until today and even that had been quite a fair give-and-take battle that was also her fault. She just wouldn't bring herself to admit that she was acting up solely due to the fact that he didn't seem at all affected. Even worse, there was a margin of gratitude there too. She was thankful for the removal of those shackles and the bonds of trust that replaced them. She wanted to hate him as equally badly as she wanted to relive the sensation he'd stirred inside her. She wanted his words again, no matter how insulting, how comforting or plain meaningless. Just to hear the remainder of his humanity seep through so she could assure herself he was real and not a figment of this cruel reality she kept falling back into. That honest side of him, the one that kind of loved his brother and experienced its own kinds of pain and joy that he pocketed away with care, that was the one she wanted to see now. The one that felt deeply enough to empathize with her. The one that had prompted him to remove her handcuffs and take a risk with her. Here she was, getting sentimental and having inner monologues again. Why had nobody distributed a manual on how to survive life as a vampire? She wasn't a teenager any more, she'd passed puberty a decent while back and now this horrible tendency to become self-conscious and doubtful about her actions was returning. Enough was really enough. This must be the, what, fifth time she'd fallen into one of these phases. She didn't know if that was the norm for recently changed vampires in their first weeks but it wasn't pleasant. Her body shrunk into a ball as she burrowed into the bedcovers and dug her hands into the her jumper. She wanted to keep curling into herself, twisted so tightly that she wouldn't come undone anymore and the world wouldn't be able to penetrate that invisible dome around her. No company, just her floating. It was with that thought that she shut out the world and eventually drifted into slumber. The sound of a door opening downstairs broke the trance that Frankie had been caught in for the last two hours, sitting on the ground opposite a certain someone's room, twisting the handcuffs around and around in his hands. He didn't even know why he had been guarding the closed door. He'd heard her falling asleep long ago and her faint breathing on the other side was enough to inform him that she wasn't doing anything stupid. He'd imagined her lying under the covers, thinking of him, dreaming of him and cursing him a million times over, for whatever reason she saw fit this time. Most likely plotting to murder him for his lack of appreciation for their heated interaction downstairs. It wasn't that he didn't, it had definitely been the most pleasurable experience he'd had in the last couple of months. Being a soldier was a full-time occupation and sex was a rarity nowadays with everything going on. But that was exactly the issue here. If he had let this get to his head, feelings would soon follow. He couldn't allow that. There was already compassion for her and he was bending to his whims too frequently now whenever it concerned Alison. Emotional attachment was right around the corner and he didn't want it. He couldn't want it because it would cost him everything. Just the fact that he was working himself into frenzy over this proved that his usually perfect detachment was fraying and tearing at the seams. The narrow line that separated stupidity and risky thrill was wavering in front of his eyes. He'd probably already crossed it. So he was, in a sense, glad that the noise of reality brought him back to attention. Sometimes inner contemplations were actually more lethal and any physical torture. He was being a nuisance to himself and impeding his ability to make precise decisions about the job at hand. He rose, stood at the staircase in an instant, ears sharpened and scanning for any sounds. There was a shuffling, the noise of glass fragments being compressed underneath the weight of a foot and the disapproving click of a tongue. Frankie relaxed, calming the initial instincts to attack the intruder. It was the housekeeper who had been scheduled to come days ago. She had picked up his presence too. Her voice called up, \"Mr. Bromley?\" \"No,\" he replied as he quickly descended the steps, \"Frankie Dalton\" He extended his hand to the woman who was standing in the entrance hall, hands on hips, in a perfectly boring grey suit that was ironed into exact folds, which however did nothing to give the pudgy woman a more professional appearance. She accepted the hand, blinking her heavily made-up eyes at him a few times in which she took in his entire physique, the soldier's uniform and the light bruising still marking his face and neck. Whatever opinion she formed in that split second, she kept it under supremely tight control and opted to accept his handshake in response. \"Therese Fletcher,\" she introduced herself briskly. He was absolutely not in the mood for any chitchat at this point in time so he simply mirrored her actions, pulled his hand from her grip and cut straight to the chase. \"You are the one Mr. Bromley hired to take care of the house every now and again?\" She nodded assertively. \"Usually twice a week. Though recently I have taken up a second job so I've started coming by less often. He does not stay home much, Sir, and assured me that would be fine,\" those hands of hers went onto the hips again as she leaned forward, as though assessing his legitimacy as an authority figure, \"Though he failed to mention he had a guest coming.\" \"Two. His daughter is staying here as well,\" he explained shortly. The woman gave a nod of acknowledgement and although she chose not to comment her eyes briefly flitted to the remnants of the glass table on the ground. It didn't escape Frankie's notice and he made a point of emphasizing his next words, \"Perhaps I should let you get to work then. Since you are limited on time\" \"Yes, it's quite awful having to work during the light hours. Getting up this early really doesn't work that well anymore, now that blood rations are falling, the coffee just doesn't taste the same anymore. Doesn't do much to keep this body awake and running for 18-hour-days,\" she grumbled, hands patting against her jacket as she gestured her displeasure. Frankie was already past paying attention to her. This was exactly what he hadn't wanted to engage in. \"I've got my own work to complete Mrs. Fletcher,\" he stated coolly. She fell silent, nodded and moved towards the kitchen. Frankie sighed inwardly. This was really not the distraction he was searching for. She'd just reminded him that the situation he had escaped from temporarily out there, the increasing starvation around the cities, the tough life if you weren't a permanent, salary-receiving employee at Bromley Marks. On his way back to the staircase, his gaze grazed over the phone hovering harmlessly on a stand beside the main door. He halted, contemplated for a long moment, then went over and dialled. It was an impulsive call but he felt he should try. The number had long been etched into his brain as the first one he'd memorized after the change. It had been his secret refuge for a while, a place where he felt more at home every time he visited although nothing really connected him to it. Nothing but a single person that still held some meaning to Frankie. It rang. Once. Twice. Five times. Ten times. Then the voice followed. \"You've reached Edward Dalton's home. Unfortunately, I am not here at the moment. You can leave behind a message and I will make sure I get back to you\". Beep. Silence. No response. Frankie tried once more with the same result. He hung up. The still humanly cheerful voice of his brother reminded him that there was more to worry about than simply his feelings towards his boss' daughter. Though quite a stubborn, beautiful, courageous, damn talented daughter… Edward was his concern, right here right now. He should be focusing on him. Frankie settled on an armchair next to the phone, running his hands across his face. He still hadn't found an answer as to why Ed would leave. The only logical explanation was a kidnap. To think that if he had gone voluntarily…if he did turn out a human supporter he'd be killed by any vampire out there. Frankie would never admit it to anybody, even if he was tortured or maimed, but above all he feared for his brother's life. He couldn't explain why precisely, since Ed was a reminder of his previous life, his previous failures and his previous neglect but he was also his brother, his support, and a person who cared about him. That already was too uncommon in his life. Family had lost significance as he had grown up and even more so as he had changed and become immortal but he couldn't let go of that connection with his brother. He even remembered Ed's human birthday and that was something barely anyone celebrated anymore. He was concerned for his brother's well being but behind that was the selfish, irrational fear of losing Ed. Who would he have left in his life? His fellow soldiers? Not like they gave a shit about another anyway. The guy living across from his apartment whose ex occasionally came to Frankie's door? He doubted that he even knew of his existance. Friends? Any of them he'd had as a human were long gone. Now there was only Alison. When weighing out the pros and cons that he presented to her, she'd have greater benefit of him dead so her chances of escape rose. The vacuum cleaner roared into action in the living room and Frankie let the noise drown out his thoughts. They were really troublesome to deal with when they were laced with concern. Worse even, they stemmed from the knowledge that Edward was already soft heartened enough and under no circumstances adequately prepared to fight for his life. Frankie looked at the phone, blaming it for resting in such a spot of plain sight. The call had made his situation worse. So what if he had blocked it out during the night with his flying rage and Alison providing a distraction, it had come back around to haunt him now. That itch was in his fingers again, the itch to take action. He suddenly felt useless here, his talents wasted on babysitting a young vampire. The itch spread, running into his arms and filling his body until he was pacing around the entrance hall in agitation. The cleaning process had reached his peripheral vision and the grinding noises that erupted as Mrs. Fletcher let it suck up the powdered glass sent his ears cringing. He returned upstairs, which slightly dampened the annoying sounds and hovered in front of Alison's door once more. The handcuffs had not moved from the ground and the door was still firmly closed but the soft, levelled breathing had changed. She wasn't asleep any more. He retrieved the binding tool from the floor, fingering the cold metal with his equally cold hands. Should he? Just to be on the safe side? It had been naive to remove them in first place. It wasn't like she deserved any trust from him. She opened up at that moment, fixed him with her gaze. Her eyes rested on the object in his hands but she didn't flinch back or bestow him with those glares she was so adept with. She was wary but not caught off guard. She just leaned on the doorframe, arms crossing in front of her chest. She was going to bring up the previous events in a minute, he could see it in the way her posture had shifted into defensive. She indicated the floor below and with a gesture silently asking, \"Who is that?\" The answer was halfway out of his mouth when a new pair of footsteps was heard along with the distant buzzing of the garage door closing. Then the housekeeper's voice rang out loud and clear as the vacuum cleaner was shut off. \"Mr. Bromley, welcome home Sir\" This was a seriously twisted joke. That his boss would come today of all days, in the middle of daytime, just after this fiasco. Frankie actually wanted to sink into the floor and die for real. Post-death really hated him sometimes.[Chapter 12] Bromley Mansion, First Floor, Hallway Alison's eyes darted aside, hovering near the staircase. She glanced back at Frankie who seemed to have turned into a statue at hearing the voice downstairs. Then she made to turn on her heel and slam the door. There was no chance that she'd give her father the satisfaction of seeing her face. She'd be too inclined to rip his head off. After all these days, her pent-up frustration had accumulated to a point where she wasn't even sure she wanted to keep it in check. The incident with Frankie had already emphasized just how unstable she was. She was stopped midway by Frankie's hand that gripped her wrist. She almost twisted it out of its socket, as she was pulled back over the threshold. Snarling under her breath, she fixed stormy eyes on him, all but challenging him to release her. In silence, he raised the previously discarded handcuffs to her eyelevel. His head tilted to the side just fractionally but the message was obvious enough. She didn't say anything but her posture relaxed in his grasp as sudden wariness crawled into her bones. As much as she would love to provoke him here, now, in front of her father, she wouldn't risk her newfound freedom. He didn't ridicule her though, only tucked the gadget away and spoke, in a voice low enough to pass only between them, \"You stay untied but you'll behave. Don't pull any stupid manoeuvres. Do you understand?\" He was in soldier-mode now. She could see that in his use of clipped, authoritative sentences that flowed out of his mouth in the way he'd probably had them drilled in. She nodded dumbly. It's not like she had a variety of options to choose from. What else was there to say? His eyes darted to the ground floor, then back to her face. It almost appeared as though he needed encouragement or, perhaps, her consent to face the man. She surprised herself by reaching forward to gently uncurl his fingers from around her wrist and giving his palm a subtle squeeze as they dropped away. Their eyes clashed for a second. She could see in his look, just in that short moment, that he wanted to speak about everything that had happened. He wanted to explain as much as he wanted to know. About her, about her reasons, about the meaning of it all. He swallowed visibly, then pulled himself together and gestured for her to take the lead. She complied. After all, it was inevitable that her father should demand to see her and if Frankie got into trouble, that could only mean she would suffer as a result too. At least that was what she told herself. Never would she admit that maybe there was a tiny soft spot inside her for him. This boy turned man, who both rejected and embraced his humanity, whom she found repulsive and fascinating alternatively and whose presence suddenly was her only form of support. The stairs felt like an open mouth that swallowed her up and pushed her into the lair of the dragon. Frankie followed three steps behind her and she caught herself moving in sync with his footsteps as though together, they would intimidate Charles Bromley. Wishful thinking. She spotted him immediately, hovering in the dining room on their left. The closer she got, the more reluctant her body became. She could feel herself slowing down as she caught sight of the man. The slosh of liquid against crystal signified that he was holding a drink. The overhead light flicked on and they were bathed in white light that had father and daughter sizing another up across the room. The tension filled the space to the brim. The vibes felt were anything but pleasant. Alison would have sworn that when her father eventually looked away, it was not out of interest for his glass of bourbon. She felt smug that this technique of staring others down seemed to improve the more she put it to use. Charles Bromley made the first move after it had sunk in that she would not exchange words with him. \"Ali, sweetheart, you look much better,\" he noted, coming closer to the pair. The urge to suffocate him with his tie snuck into her fingers and she bit the inside of her cheek to distract herself. \"Don't pretend you worried,\" she snarked back instead, crossing her arms over her chest. His hand was on her shoulder then and she recoiled. The vampire visibly heaved a sigh at her behaviour and for the first time since his arrival transferred his attention to Frankie. \"Why don't you offer Mrs. Fletcher a hand, Frankie?\" Her father demanding to be alone in a room with her could not end well for either of them. She didn't watch him leave but from the rustle of his uniform she could distinguish the reluctance with which he retreated. He probably guessed that this was a risky decision, knowing his prisoner's explosive behaviour. A moment later, the fact that she could already pick up his mannerisms without laying eyes on him, scared her. Had she really made such an effort to observe him so closely? The vampire that called himself her father retracted his hand from her but she didn't drop her stiff posture. He should damn well know the extent to which he disgusted her. As a vampire, she now had the ability to hold this grudge for eternity. He could try all her wanted but there was no chance of redeeming himself in her eyes. He'd ordered her to die against her will, what kind of father thought that a blessing on his child? \"Would you like a drink?\" She shook her head no to his question, determined not to respond to any form of hospitality. He didn't offer her a disappointed reaction but settled into one of the leather chairs that surrounded the table. She preferred looking down at him from where she stood. His laced fingers tapped against the glass, causing little ripples to move over the surface. \"I thought that ten days would be sufficient for you to accept the decision we made for you\" It was like he was asking to be bashed until he bled at her feet. She inhaled deeply in an effort to contain her outrage at his indication that her transformation had been a mutual interest. This fight could only be won with outsmarting words. \"I don't remember being involved in making that decision\" A phony smile tugged at the corners of his mouth and grew larger. His eyes became aglow with something reminiscent of pity. He was mocking her again, treating her as though she would never measure up to his standards of intelligence. He sloshed the drink around in his glass and spoke with a reverence that could be expected from a holy man's prayers. \"Honey, you still don't see it. Look at where you are today. Compared to a month ago. Look at what I've created for you. Isn't it obvious? I saved you from an existence that only brought you grief. You know best that there was nothing out there for you as a human\" He didn't understand her just as much as she was ignorant of his thoughts. This lecture with its rehearsed words wasn't going to go anywhere. \"You're the blind one\" she interrupted, \"You pretend to be a father, which we both know you're not. If you were, if you wanted to save me, you would have ordered me killed because that's what I would I have chosen\" \"No parent could bear to murder their child,\" he replied and it almost appeared that the words pained him. She didn't let herself be fooled, even if the thought was genuine. Her statement was soft but full of blame, \"I'm dead, Dad\" Bromley took a swig from his drink, averting his gaze. Nothing about him indicated that he felt remorse. Rather, from Alison's point of view, it was merely a pause on his part to be able to change the subject in his favour. She wouldn't let him. \"And it doesn't just stop with me. Those people I was with that night, the ones that were family to me while I was gone, all of those you said you couldn't help, are dead. You didn't save them because actually, you couldn't care less. They're inferior. They're cattle to you because you farm them like animals every day. The only reason you had me changed is because you're selfish\" He didn't think to bless her with eye contact so show his attention but he lowered his empty glass. She realized she had moved during her speech and closed the distance between them as though she could hammer her words into his skull. Yet the force behind them appeared to bounce off his cloak of indifference. \"You're selfish because you wanted me to be part of what you think is the perfect existence. You wanted a vampire daughter to show off to the world and share your great life since your wife can't. You know I hate what it has made you. You know I would rather be dead than live the way you do. You made that decision for me and then you threw me into a house that I will never call home with a person you knew I would try to break away from. Don't ever tell me that I should be grateful for it\" The older vampire slowly leaned back in his chair and smoothed his hand over a random crease in his suit. She watched his fingers, white and smooth for their age, glide over the material. If nature had not been denied its regular process on her father's body, they would bear wrinkles and would have grown calloused. Simply that glimpse solidified her resolution. She had wanted to mature and age and eventually return to the earth as her body died. Immortality had never and would never be an attraction. He spoke distinctly in a monotone, \"I see that you've been thinking about your situation\" \"You didn't expect me to fall into your arms. I made it clear that I'll fight this the entire way. So you can let me leave or deal with this every single time,\" she stated, her voice hard. There was silence between them. She had said all that needed to be said. Her father didn't speak. Each of those seconds ticking by confirmed that her speech had thrown him off balance, even if he expertly masked any reaction. Finally, he dropped his hands onto the tabletop. \"You need time,\" was all he offered her before rising from his chair. \"I need you to leave me alone,\" she retorted without budging from her spot. It was almost a tender second in which he searched her face and she met his calculating gaze with her determined one. She knew what she wanted and she wouldn't bend to his will any longer. In the civilised world he pretended to belong to, there was no reason for him to imprison her since she was an adult with the right to lead an independent life. She had a nostalgic sensation as she recalled the stubborn fights she had put up in her childhood. Her human childhood. It was truly reminiscent of previous father-daughter moments they had shared in a different period of life. \"I've missed you\" His words hung in the silence as he walked away and she didn't want to listen to them. She'd convinced herself from their first encounter barely a week ago that everything he told her was a lie. He used words as a mechanism to manipulate, deceive and confuse others and after so many years of separation, she could not identify the genuine ones. If there were any. He was a vampire and had been for ages. She wasn't even certain that he could have missed her in such an emotional sense. The temperature in the room must have dropped because she felt a chill run down her back. As she ran a hand over her bare skin, it dawned on her that he had not mentioned the bruising that still covered her. He must have taken notice. Despite the long-sleeved sweatshirt and pants, they were clearly visible on her neck where the bruising was deepest and the cuts from glass shards on her face could not have healed entirely in the past hours. Perhaps it looked more self-inflicted than anything and he'd drawn his own conclusions. She could have easily thrown herself into the glass table on purpose. She could have attempted to commit suicide by slitting her neck. Who knew what he thought about her? After poisoning herself it surely seemed that she was capable of anything. Frustrated, she knocked the train of thought away and focused on expanding her awareness. This was definitely a nifty gift that came with immortality. Eavesdropping was made so much easier without giving away her presence. The noises were dulled by the distant purr of the vacuum cleaner that now zigzagged through the first floor but she caught onto threads of conversation happening in the hallway behind the kitchen. She could pick out nothing concrete but she could imagine that Frankie was receiving his newest orders after she'd just made her opinions very clear. It struck her that this was the opportunity. An opening where her father and guard were both occupied, where there was enough noise being made to cover her and she had the advantage of sunlight. She wasn't afraid to burn. She knew for a fact that she didn't possess the phobia of it that older vampires did. If she happened to be caught on her way out, she could bluff her way through by threatening to leap into the sun. Not a perfect plan by any means but this was her one shot. She was a fool for having wasted precious minutes already by standing around. Spontaneity could easily be her new forte with all the crazy stunts she had been pulling recently. Barefoot she ghosted down the hallway, distancing herself from the kitchen and heading towards the door that led to the staircase into the garage. She'd made sure to check out the house during her stay. The noises from upstairs masked her footfalls to the extent she needed and she kept her ears especially tuned for any indication of a follower. The door was nestled in a niche that served as the perfect vantage point for any attacker to back her into a corner but she ignored the what-ifs. This was risky, this was definitely not going to be easy and she was wholly unprepared. Best to tackle this challenge head on. The vital step was face to face with her now. She clasped the doorknob with a deep intake of breath and twisted. It took only a heartbeat for the installed mechanisms to lock into place and then her eardrums were pierced by the screech of sirens. She had triggered the daylight alarm-system. She gave the knob another vicious twist and found that it had bolted itself from the outside. No. No, no, no, no, no, no. It was a continuous scream that shot through her mind and had her flying out of control again. Thoroughly frustrated was the bare minimum of what she was now. She backed away from the door only to raise her heel and kick at it. Once, twice, working herself into frenzy. The resounding ring told her that this was a door coated with metal on the other side. The onslaught of sounds was pounding into her head and combined with her attempts to kick the solid door down, leaving her somewhat dazed. It didn't surprise her when arms grabbed her around the centre, lifting her away from the ground to push her against a wall. They were familiar arms and the sensation was just as reminiscent. With her face against the plaster and her body immobilised against it, she kept struggling. It was the only rebellion possible. She wrestled against the hand that yanked her wrists behind her back but lost against the trained grip of the soldier. The metal felt like a branding around her wrists as it snapped shut. The ringing in her ears stopped just as Frankie released her from where she was being crushed against the wall to have her standing in front of him. \"You should have listened to me,\" he hissed and it stung because his undertone spoke of contempt. So much for any earlier concern. She jabbed back in silence by thrusting her foot into his kneecap. She couldn't be bothered with an answer. She didn't want to have to justify anything. Especially since her father was approaching. He must have shut off the alarm system. Instinctively, she raised her chin in defiance but turned her head away. Looking at him would only remind her of how he had reprimanded her as a child. But he didn't speak to her at all. He didn't acknowledge her whatsoever. \"I'll trust you'll take care of this, Frankie,\" He stepped past the two of them, clapping the young man on the shoulder as he departed, \"Keep up the good work\" With precise ease he shifted an empty picture frame aside to tap a code into the pad behind. Then he opened the door Alison had just futilely attempted to unlock and made to head down to the waiting car. She couldn't believe it. This was ridiculous. \"That's it?\" she yelled at his back, ignoring the sudden dig of Frankie's nails into her lower arm as a warning to keep her mouth shut, \"Am I that big an embarrassment to you that you can't even face me to tell me off? You come to tell me I need more time and then take off again? You think that makes you a father?\" Charles Bromley stopped just over of the doorframe. She knew that was probably the most childish response she'd ever given but she was sick of silences and ignoring another. She was also sick of crawling after everyone for an answer. However, he once again treated her outburst as though it had fallen on deaf ears and addressed Frankie. \"Get her to calm down. I hope there will be some form of progress made by the end of the week, \" She began to feel like a mental patient. Every horror movie she'd seen that involved asylums always featured a protagonist whose screams went unheard. Or ignored. Bromley left without another glance back. As soon as the motor of the car roared to life downstairs she simply let go. She slumped to the carpet with nothing stopping her. She had ruined everything all over again, all by herself. She didn't know how to deal with herself anymore. She simply didn't. She wanted comfort and solitude and freedom and guidance and love and hatred and acceptance and death all at the same time. She wanted the easy way out while knowing there was none. Eventually, it was the concierge who broke the trance by wobbling down the stairs with the vacuum cleaner in hand. The clink of the machine on the marble tiles of the foyer had the man behind her stirring and reaching down to drag her back to her feet. \"Quit moping,\" he told her as he walked along the corridor behind her. At this point in time she didn't appreciate the bluntness, \"It's not going to do you any good\" \"Like you know,\" she replied. \"I do,\" he affirmed, marching her back up the stairs. She ignored the comment. \"What did he tell you to do to me?\" she asked instead, meeting his eyes in honest wariness. Judging by her father's shrewdness, she wouldn't put anything past him. He always had a plan in the back of his mind and it wasn't hard to guess that this time round, Frankie had a major role to play. \"Change your mind\" Here he was mimicking her father with these cryptic phrases. Either she was going crazy or there was an impeding disaster building. Both of which involved her in a negative way. She played along though. The more she knew, the easier she could adjust. \"Torture isn't going to work. I've been there,\" she supplied, skipping a step to stand facing him at the top of the stairs. He sized her up and flashed a tight-lipped smile. \"I don't think anybody has suffered every type of torture yet\" That didn't sound good. It made sense to her that her father would hire somebody so unpredictable and simultaneously loyal to supervise her. \"Enlighten me\" \"Order of silence,\" he shrugged, climbing the last steps so she had to step back. Another possibility took form in her head. She studied him closely as he entered her room and inspected it, like every other afternoon, for objects that could be potentially harmful if she attempted self-injury. \"You told him, didn't you?\" That had him giving her his full attention on the spot. His hand stilled while reaching for the closet. \"What?\" \"What we did\" He let out a little laugh, accompanied by a rapid glance to the open door. \"No\" She circled him to rest her back against the furniture he'd been about to open. \"He's not blind. We're both bruised. If I was meant to be subdued all day, how on earth would you explain me beating you up head to toe?\" His eyes were huge and the gold was intensely bright in this proximity. \"There are a hundred possibilities,\" his voice gained a suspicious edge, \"What did you say?\" \"Nothing. But I know sleeping with your boss' daughter isn't in the job description. I also know how much your job means to you,\" she whispered, \"So if you don't want to end up out there with others on the streets, you're going to tell me what he told you. It's only between us anyway. Then I'll make sure not to let my tongue slip the next time he comes\" He'd gone white in the dimness and his eyebrows rose higher and higher with every word coming from her mouth. This was surely not what he had expected after the lapse of composure downstairs. She knew how to play her cards after all. To her surprise, he laughed. Right in her face. Then he moved in, still chuckling, leaving only minimal space between their bodies as to project a sense of claustrophobia. \"You want to know what he asked me to do to you?\" he repeated her demand, ghosting a finger over the purple colouring on her throat. Her cuffs became trapped against her body as she reflexively bent away from the touch. And in her moment of distraction, he leaned down and pressed their lips together.[Chapter 13] Bromley Mansion, First floor, Bedroom She slapped him. Probably the most feminine and needless reaction she could have thought of but in that moment, it seemed the most appropriate. The handcuffs became a bit of a plus then because the metal slammed into his cheek with the contact. His lips lost hers but when their eyes met again, he still looked victorious. She was livid now. She didn't even know how she kept herself restrained after this day. It took a lot not to jump him again and beat him up. \"What the fuck is this about?\" she screamed at his face and was rewarded with a rough hand cutting off her stream of obscenities. She kept them coming anyway until he yanked on her shoulder as well to gain her attention. It hurt and she inhaled with the pain, which caused a momentary lapse in yells. He used that to his advantage. \"Get yourself under control and listen!\" he ordered in a much more restrained tone than her, \"We're in the same situation here. No, listen,\" he added as she squirmed under his grip, \"Both of us are here for different reasons, but the point is that we can use the same method to get where we want\" She bit into his palm and practically hurled the next words at him, \"What is wrong with you? One moment you're with me, then you're playing my Dad's toy soldier and now you're kissing me and talking about some common goal. If anyone here is out of control, it's you! What the fuck is wrong with you?\" \"Alison. Shut up before I have to force you,\" he was annoyed now and she didn't care in the least. Enough was enough. This was just the rotten cherry on top of this insane day. \"Close the door,\" she demanded and was impressed with the hard tone she could strike in the middle of their argument. He looked ready to object but the silence of the vacuum cleaner being off and the knowledge of the houseguest they had, lead him to comply and nudge the door shut. He leaned against it so they stood on opposite ends of the room and crossed his arms expectantly. \"You're ready to listen?\" \"No. You listen. I'm done here. You people are all lunatics\" \"Look who's talking,\" he scoffed but she ranted on without taking note of him. \"You can't just do this to me. One minute you're putting on the nice act, the next you're acting like you're above everything here and then you turn into a complete stranger when my father sets foot in here. I didn't want to talk about this but honestly; I'm done with it. So give me one, real, straight answer. What was the point of having sex in the first place?\" He seemed to have expected something of the sort. Obviously he'd seen the pressure mounting and mounting in her over the hours and knew that it was only a matter of time until the question broke out of her. He remained still but his stare grew wary. Almost like he didn't want to hear the answer coming out of his mouth. \"There was no point,\" he said slowly, \"I hadn't planned to\" \"You call that a good lie?\" she whispered ferociously, advancing on him again, \"Don't give me that. No, let me guess. It was actually my father's plan all along. To get you to seduce me into thinking this situation was all perks and fun for me. Is that it? He hired you to fuck me into agreeing?\" \"No,\" he snarled and she stopped. She wanted to hear him deny it only to laugh at the lies. That was all they were. All they could be. His eyes were wild and almost earnest as he approached her again. \"No. It didn't have anything to do with that. I'm a good soldier, all right? I do my best. I follow orders, I don't screw up and I keep the ones in charge happy. So when your father asked me, personally, to watch over you I thought I'd made it. I was finally on top of something and getting the praise I'd never gotten as a human. The order was to supervise you, to stop you from doing anything to yourself and I've done that. It was never about anything else.\" \"Then why? Damn it, why did you?\" she asked, almost a whisper. \"Because,\" he froze and the realization of weakness tainted his words, \"I wanted you\" They both took a beat, processing that statement. Frankie lowered his head to the floor and she watched, stunned, as he tried to control his breathing. This argument was taking a lot more out of them than expected. He'd just confessed to something both of them had not anticipated. She sat on her bed, slowly, feeling the mattress dent under her weight and the weight of his words settling on her shoulders. She couldn't even bring herself to raise her voice anymore. \"I don't believe you. I'm know that I'm nothing to you.\" His scoff was bitter. \"That's because you convince yourself that everything I tell you is a lie\" \"No, it's because it doesn't make sense. If you actually wanted me, for whatever reason, then why did you refuse to talk to me? You did everything to make me feel worthless! It was like you did it because you wanted to humiliate me, break me all over again. How was I meant to not misunderstand?\" \"Don't you get it?\" he was frustrated again, \"I went against the rules. I betrayed your father's trust because I lost control of myself. I'd failed in my job by doing the most stupid, reckless thing possible and today you just proved me right. I should never have trusted you enough to let you go free\" \"My attempt to run had nothing to do with you. I would have done it even if you'd cuffed me as soon as my father walked in. This isn't about you cutting me loose\" \"Now it is. Now I was ordered to use whatever means necessary to get your acceptance. You could have behaved and at least pretended to comply with the situation. You made this about me with your idiotic stunt just now. This means that if I fail, I'll lose what I worked for and you will probably be handed over to some psychologist who uses methods none of us want to think about. The boss didn't come for a surprise visit. He gave me an ultimatum until the end of the week and we're only going to make it if you stop fighting and listen to me\" \"I don't understand. You're saying that unless you achieve a change in my views on being dead, I'll be handed over to another person who will try to convince me and you'll fall out of my father's good graces. That's the big problem?\" He looked at her then, really looked at her and she thought she saw pity in his calculated gaze that held so much energy, passion but so little deep emotion. She almost understood his predicament but she didn't want to be the good girl here. That would undermine everything she'd sworn to herself she stood for. Her rebellion was a reminder of all those that had let their lives for her father's wealth. Frankie couldn't see that, even if she wanted him to. He'd long since accepted his identity. \"The longer you fight it, the longer you'll be in this place. You can be furious and in denial all you want but if you can't convince your father that you deserve freedom, he won't give it to you. You've been turned long enough now. Give it up\" She shook her head. \"I can't\" \"You just don't want to. Your head is getting in the way,\" He came to stand in front of her but she refused to be swayed, \"You need to let go\" \"Stop trying to make me. It won't work. I'm here to fight this. My father stole from me. Do you even remember what it felt like to feel your humanity slipping away?\" she fastened her hand in his jacket, trying to engrave her words in his head so he understood and gave it a rest, \"I look outside and all I see are people who live for nothing but themselves. They live for blood. I can feel that happening to me. I can feel emotions bottling themselves up somewhere inside me and I can't show them as much anymore because my mind shuts them out. I don't want to be that person. She's the one my father wants. I hate her. So I'll fight until he lets me go or has me killed\" He didn't say anything. He just seemed disappointed. No wonder. Trying and pushing and trying again without results were bound to lead to resignation. He was out of options. Violence wouldn't work. Talking wouldn't work. Pleasure hadn't convinced her either. It was her state of mind that he was trying to change and he'd known from the beginning that he was not the one for the task. He'd told Bromley so and here he was, seeing the futility of his job. Alison was the most resilient person he had ever met and what more; she had no fear of death. It was a trait he almost envied. \"You won't win, you know that,\" he eventually stated. She managed a small smile. \"I will. Either way, my father won't get what he wants. That's all I need,\" she explained. She noticed how her hand had bunched the fabric where his name was stitched into his uniform and unclenched it, running her finger over the letters. \"Like I said, it has nothing to do with you. It's my father's fault for putting you here. Anybody else wouldn't be able to change me either.\" \"You don't want a future. You'll die just to prove a point.\" He said it matter-of-factly even though he meant it as a question. He couldn't grasp the notion that she didn't want to live, in whatever body, mind or state of life. Vampirism had it limitations, just like humanity. Both had flaws but that didn't mean it wasn't a life worth living. She shrugged, like this wasn't a big deal and she'd made her resolution a long time ago. \"I wanted a future. But not like this\" He growled in the back of his throat. It could be so simple but she always complicated the situation. It was as though she purposely tried to rile up those around her. Nobody could understand her mentality and she didn't seem to expect that. She wanted to be left to her own devices and he couldn't allow that. Bromley had given him orders. \"Then fight for it. Stop fighting your father and yourself. It's a losing battle. Unless you change you wont be able to create yourself a future\" \"Just like you did when you turned?\" she asked, as though to assess him, \"Was that to build yourself a future? Or were you just scared of staying human and being on the losing side?\" \"My choices have nothing to do with yours,\" he objected but she was having none of it. He was going to give her answers today. \"Don't give me that. You're supposed to convince me here. So, was it worth it?\" He moved away to lean against her desk, examining the wooden surface as he contemplated her question. It took him a while before he looked over his shoulder, back at her, and told her with firm conviction, \"Yes\" She believed him. He was satisfied with where he was at, right here, right now. She could only begin to guess what his human life must have been like for him to accept becoming a monster so easily. That didn't do anything for her outlook though. She knew with complete assurance that this was not the life she wanted. She was about to retort something when a tentative knock sounded on the bedroom door. Frankie abandoned his position at the table to open it and she immediately trashed the thought of trying to continue the conversation. The moment was gone. She could feel the formality in the air as he addressed the housekeeper who'd come to announce she was leaving and that she'd placed the blood into the fridge. She didn't bother listening for more details. Instead she went over to the window and rested her head against the glass. It was soothing and she wanted to dissolve and merge into it, become invisible, smooth and silent. Trapped inside, nobody would bother her and she could vanish from constant scrutiny. When her door was closed she didn't need to look to know she was alone. Frankie had said all that needed to be said and obviously hoped to have her reflect on his advice. The hell she would. Her father could wait all eternity but she would never conform. The arrogance of his visit had reaffirmed her knowledge that he was a self-centred bastard only looking for his own benefit. She was his test subject to see how persuasive he could be. She wondered how long it would take for him to finally acknowledge his failure. Finally, they were alone in the house. Frankie settled into the armchair of the freshly vacuumed living room and let out a slow, long breath. He was not in a good mood. Really, his entire day had just been turned upside down by the arrival of Bromley. The man had thrown him completely off guard and he was ticked off at the fact that he hadn't been given a warning. This was a mission after all and if the man wanted to check in on his daughter, he should have been informed. That wasn't the real reason of course. He'd just been frantic about being caught. Nobody but himself was to blame for the complications that had arisen. He'd slept with the boss' daughter, not to forget brutally harming her, and that put him at fault and made him wary of repercussions for his behaviour. He'd prayed that the fading bruises on himself and Alison's severe ones would be brushed off as her struggling against him or attempting another suicide. Either way, Bromley would know he was not doing his work well, despite his positive words. The injuries reflected badly on him, whatever angle he tried to look at it from. And now this. He closed his eyes as he recalled the man's words. \"I'm aware that she is being problematic. I've underestimated her will. I believed the change would suffice to make her see but it appears she must be introduced to more convincing methods. I want you to use everything at your disposal to have her attitude improve. Anything at all\" Frankie had almost reeled back at being granted such liberties. He was also confused and behind the unmoving mask he feared that Bromley meant exactly what he was implying. He wasn't sure he was hearing right. The straight-laced father telling him to persuade his child by whatever ways he wanted? \"Sir?\" \"You know what I mean, Dalton,\" Bromley's eyes were stony but his tone had the soldier know that he meant the opposite of pain infliction, \"A little bit of bonding has the potential to do the trick. I don't believe that should pose a problem?\" \"No Sir,\" he'd replied with a neutral stance despite his mind feverishly trying to grasp that this conversation was absolutely out of place. \"Good,\" he'd been back to business as though this demand had never been mentioned and after straitening his suit added, \"Send me a message if there are positive results within the week. Otherwise I see myself forced to send in a different kind of professional. Are we clear?\" \"Absolutely\" He leaned over with his elbows on his knees and pressed the balls of his hands against his eyes. His head was whirring and he didn't know where to start anymore. It was one thing for Bromley to allow him to use any methods whatsoever but another to decide how to approach his daughter after everything that had happened recently. The conversation just now had not made things simpler, it had rather confirmed that he was already in deep and losing control over the situation. He'd already made the largest mistake by confessing about fostering some kind of affection for her. It would be wishful thinking to believe that she had overlooked that slip-up. He'd allowed himself to be on familiar, almost friendly terms with her and this was the result. Experiencing feelings like this had not been on his agenda when he'd signed up and he felt conflicted between wanting to live them and repressing them for the sake of his sanity. There was just a whole lot on his plate at the moment and he didn't know what to take the first bite out of. He'd been holed up in this house for too long. He wasn't used to this. He needed to be out in the action. He much preferred the adrenalin of the hunt and contributing by ridding the streets of subsiders. He just wasn't cut out for this. He could hear her moving upstairs, right above his head, just pacing the floor back and forth, probably beating herself up over similar stupidities. Again, he was struck by how similar they were, despite their differing views and goals. It was strange how this constant observing of her had led to building in interest not only in her actions but also in her past, her relationship to her father and her as a person. He supposed it must have been inevitable but he pondered this change anyway, trying to pinpoint when he'd begun empathizing with her on some level. Even though it didn't even matter. The problem didn't lie in that he had taken a liking to her but that he had no clue what to do about it. There were just too many strings attached to the situation. On top of it being unrealistic and against his nature to have feelings for her, it would be impossible to act on them anyway. He was so deep in contemplation that he almost missed the vibration of his phone against his thigh. It took him a moment to register that it meant there was an incoming call that asked for his attention. Immediately, he extracted it and stared at the screen, half-wishing it was Edward's number shown there. It wasn't. He clenched his jaw but accepted the call nonetheless, repositioning his poker face and monotone voice. \"Chief\" \"Good to hear from you, Dalton. Everything under control?\" Frankie wanted to laugh at the irony of this. What a question. Of course he had everything under control in that sense. He just didn't feel very much in command of himself anymore. \"Yes Sir\" \"You'll be interested in this. Edward Dalton has been apprehended,\" The tone was uncharacteristically smug and unconsciously, Frankie ground his teeth together. He stood and began to pace the room just as the person above his head. The tension inside him was reaching its snapping point. Although he surely should be relieved, he was well aware that the man had no finished yet. He swallowed, working on keeping his stoic demeanour intact. \"Glad to hear that, Sir\" \"Your suspicion about that woman proved correct. She was captured along with Mr. Dalton and another human. They seem to have formed an alliance. I recommend you get down here. The situation has changed\" The only time that his job frustrated him was when information was purposely withheld from him. Or when he was forced to remain in a sticky situation where he was helpless to be of use either way. This was one of them. His ran a hand through his hair, gripping the back of neck as to not smash the nearest piece of furniture. There had been enough damage today. \"I'm currently indispensable, Sir. Abandoning my post would require Mr. Bromley's permission. This is a personal mission.\" \"Understood. Well, report back once you are relieved. We will deal with him\" The line went dead before Frankie could throw in another word. He was nearly shaking with repressed anger. Frustration and despair were meshing into one and he sank onto the sofa, head in his hands. He didn't know what to do. They were going to kill Edward. He'd gone behind their backs and helped the humans. One of the few existing laws in their world and he'd broken it. There was no way around it. This wasn't what Frankie had turned him for. Not for treachery. He'd wanted to save the only family he had left. He knew it would cost him a lot but he was done sitting around waiting. It was killing him. Dropping his phone back into his pocket, he marched upstairs, threw the bedroom door open and entered. Alison had just looked up from her book when he ripped it from her hands and pulled her cuffs towards him. Completely off guard and uncomprehending, she witnessed in silence as he unlocked the bindings. Before she could react or open her mouth to ask what the hell was happening, he'd refastened the right link around her arm and the other to the post of her headboard. \"What are…hey, what do you…\" he didn't leave her the time to pose questions he didn't have the patience to answer right now and instead leaned over her, forcing her back into her pillows. She didn't resist out of caution that he was having another one of his violent phases. His face was impassive but his gaze so excruciatingly close to her face told a different story. \"Stay. It's important\" Then he left her in the midst of a rumpled heap of covers and an empty house without looking back.[Chapter 14] Bromley Mansion, First floor, Bedroom Half an hour down the line and she'd given up on trying to pull her hand out of the cuffs. Even though they'd grown sweaty with the effort she was putting in, there was no escaping. They were simply too narrow for her hand to fit through. She swore repeatedly, finally letting herself go slack. She still had no idea what on earth had made Frankie storm out of the house like that but she'd be damned if she didn't exploit this opportunity. If only there was some kind of object that would help her get out of these cuffs. But of course Frankie had made sure anything she could harm herself with was gone. Nothing but solid, heavy furniture in the room. Alison pulled on the binds again but her hand stuck every time she tried squeezing it through. It wasn't slippery enough and unless she crushed the bones, just pulling it through by force wasn't an option. She needed less friction. There was soap and water in the bathroom but even if she managed to shove her bed over in that direction, she wouldn't be able to reach from the doorway. She swore again for good measure, rattling the damn contraption against solid iron bars. She glanced over at the clock, registering that it had been almost forty minutes since his departure. She wasn't getting anywhere like this. She could scream for help until someone came. But if they did it was unlikely they'd make it inside past her father's security system and if someone called the police, she would have to answer questions she didn't have the time to answer. Plus, her father would doubtlessly be contacted the moment she was identified. She had to do this by herself. There was no way she was waiting around for Frankie to return. There would never be such a chance again. She thrashed again but that did little to impress the handcuffs. Breathing heavily, she stared at the metal, frantically looking for a plausible option. It hit her then, that there was an alternative. Not one she thought she'd have to resort to. The memory almost had her gagging now and her free hand involuntarily traced the marks on her neck. Here went nothing. She switched positions, stretching out her bound arm. Then she bit into the wrist. The taste was abhorrent and she had to force herself to keep deepening the bite until blood streamed down her arm. How she'd managed to feed on herself days ago, she couldn't fathom anymore. It was worse than she remembered. She tilted it, spreading the fluid all across the limb with her free hand. The wound stung but she was past caring. She spat out what had gotten into her mouth and continued applying pressure to the binds. Placing her bare feet against the wall, she used all possible leverage she could get, throwing her entire body against the handcuffs. Blood was covering her hands, dripping onto the sheets and most importantly, making the entire ordeal more slippery. Her flesh was squeezing through the opening slightly further than before. Groaning, she squeezed her eyes shut as she pushed off the wall. Something was happening. If only by a millimetre, she could swear it was sliding through the cuff. Her arm felt as though it was being ripped from its socket and overstretching at the same time. This would be the first time she was thankful for having slim wrists compared to the average person. These handcuffs weren't the correct size. Just her luck. The bite was radiating pain through her skin and for the first time, she hoped she wasn't poisoning herself too severely with this experiment. She gasped when her knuckles were forced against the metal. Skin tore off as she forced it through the solid ring and there was no hiding the agonized cry. She kept pulling despite the gruelling sensation. She was so close. Her arm was freely bleeding with the exertion but she couldn't afford to weaken. There. Another millimetre. Almost yelling with frustration, she heaved backwards, ripping her upper body away from the binds. It was a moment of unbelievable pressure; her arm was on fire and then a snap of gravity. She flew backwards, tumbling straight over the edge of the bed to land on the floor headfirst. For a moment she couldn't breathe. Whether from the impact, the rush in her head or the absolute miracle she had just pulled off, she had no idea. She was free. She'd done it. She was going to make it out of here. It took a while to regain her bearings but the rational survivor soon took over her body. The bleeding had to be stemmed or she wouldn't make it very far tonight. Staggering to her feet, she clamped her hand around the injured arm, trailing drops across the corridor as she headed to Frankie's room. He had used bandages; there were hopefully still some around. She dug through his belongings one-handed but the only remotely useful thing she found was a spare shirt. It would have to do. She quickly tore off several strips, always an eye on the doorway. She ran her arm under water for a couple of seconds to get rid of the mass murderer appearance and wrapped up the injury. She allowed herself a moment to gather her thoughts. If she was going to make it far, she needed to be better prepared. Wearing shoes this time would be a smart move and perhaps taking some kind of hooded jacket so she wouldn't be recognized instantly. She hurried back into her room, threw open the closet and within seconds, threw something over her sweatshirt and jeans. Her boots were still bloodstained from the time in the cell but that was the least of her troubles at this point. The house was still silent when she tiptoed downstairs. This didn't seem to be a trap. He had gone. She'd half believed the sound of the door had been a ploy to test whether she would try to escape again. Her vampire guard had truly vanished. The only barrier between her and the outside world was the alarm system, which only unlocked doors according to that code her father had entered. With a sinking stomach, she realized this might prove an even bigger challenge than wriggling out of handcuffs. Alison paused trying desperately to think of a backdoor that would be accessible. There was none. Apart from the main entrance and the garage door, there was no way out. At least not in the traditional manner. She turned to look at the living room area. Despite vampire housing having close to no windows, this mansion had not been modified to that extent. The floor to ceiling window had been kept, presumably for the view of the manicured lawn behind the house. Her father and his weakness for luxurious appearances. A determined grin worked its way onto her face. Unless that was bulletproof glass, she had found a way out. It would doubtlessly trigger the alarm and alert the entire neighbourhood but she would be long gone by then. She took a deep breath, not feeling it in her lungs. Then she marched over to the television. It was practically the same size as her but thin and light enough to hold. Several well-aimed kicks later, the screen tumbled off the wall in a flurry of shards and torn wires. She didn't waste time checking if the commotion had brought anyone out to investigate. Pulling the object off the ground, she managed to position herself in front of the window, trailing wires behind her. She absently noted that the outside was growing lighter and that she should forge some kind of plan concerning the approaching dawn. But then the screen was flying at the window and the echoing sound of splintering glass filled her ears. She was tempted to yell with relief, despite the shrill alarm ringing through the house once again. She had done it. After plotting a hundred different ways to get out of here for days, she'd done it under the most unlikely of circumstances. She was still a survivor, still with some kind of guardian angel that let her get lucky every so often. She didn't miss a beat as she sprang outside, landing in the dusting of glass, which crunched under her feet. The street lay before her again and she sprinted, never looking behind her. Every now and again, a car passed by going in the opposite direction - people returning from work because the night was drawing to a close. That ruled out asking anybody for a ride out of town. She kept running, feeling the wind dimming out any sound as it rushed through her ears. This time she had enough peace of mind to consider the street signs around her, following those that led out of the suburbs. Every now and again the symbol of a large S was also present on the signs. She wondered if it was the subway as she had known it and more importantly, if that led to the heart of the city or away from it. Now that she was out here, her father's house becoming distant behind her, she gave honest thought to where exactly she was headed. She didn't know. As much as she'd hated what Frankie had told her about being alone now, there was a ring of truth to it. Her first rational idea had been to find humans and seek shelter there. Now she realized, that was impossible. They would either kill her or run from her. What kind of ally did she represent, even as a sympathizer? These were times where distrust kept you alive. It looked like she was going to have to battle it out on her own. At this point, she didn't think about blood. Distantly, she knew it was becoming more than scarce out here and that the possibility of starvation wasn't farfetched. But right now, with the taste of freedom on her tongue and the stinging reminder in her arm, that she had escaped her father's clutches, it didn't bother her. The horizon was visibly lighting in the distance now; her eyes were beginning to register the difference. It was a faint warning tingle under her skin. The vampire in her feared the rising light. She was the only person walking on the pavement at this point, apart from the occasional stray car that breached the speed limit to get away from the open sky faster. She couldn't run anymore either and slowed to a fast walk. Vampire endurance really wasn't that impressive. A well-trained human athlete could surely have matched this distance. She took a look around the junction she'd reached, trying to decide on a direction. A couple of hundred metres to her left, the subway-like symbol was blinking at her, indicating an entrance to the underground. There was a barely perceptible hue of gold pushing away the darkness. As much as she'd craved sunlight since her change, there was no denying that if she stayed out here, she would be ash faster than she could blink. Now that she had regained independence, she wasn't so adamant on death anymore. Escaping who she was now had grown less important than escaping her prison. She'd find a way to work around the bloodlust. Maybe try to raid a hospital blood bank. She'd worry about that when hunger started gnawing at her. For now, she turned towards the sign and walked along the deserted road into the unknown. The stairs leading under the street didn't look any much more inviting than the mansion she'd just escaped from. Not that there was much of a choice. Alison wandered into the artificially lit underground, eyes and ears open for the sound of heavy army boots running her way. Despite her euphoria, she couldn't shake the thought that Frankie was just waiting behind her, ready to pounce and drag her back again. She kept moving, hood pulled down far enough to avoid any passersby glimpsing her face. Not that there were many. At some point, a handful of teenagers appeared ahead, smoking and bickering amongst another but they turned a corner ahead of her and disappeared. In this skewed sense of time, she supposed they'd stayed out late. Slowly, she became aware of the fact that this wasn't a subway at all, but a network of underground tunnels that acted as walkways, maybe connecting the city hotspots. All these small flights of stairs probably led straight into buildings, so vampires wouldn't come into contact with sunlight at any cost. She stopped, leaning against a wall. So she was most definitely walking into the city instead of away from it. The problem was, until night fell again, she couldn't get out of this maze without risking burning on the spot. There were just about two options here. Find a corner and huddle up for ten or so hours until the sun went down, or keep moving in the hopes that it would increase the odds of not being discovered. Ironic, how becoming an immortal creature didn't leave her feeling any less hunted than before. The only difference was that she had the means to give back as good as she got. As good as she'd become at remaining entirely still for long periods of time, she was too edgy to remain in one spot. Her feet carried her further, turning right and left aimlessly. When more people turned up around her, she took a different direction again. At some point, she did spot a sign that pointed her towards a subway station, but the risk of security being around there was too great. Finally, she reached a deserted side corridor and dropped onto the damp tiles. Her throat felt slightly dry, as though she was in need of a gulp of water. It must have been all the walking; it was making her thirsty despite having had a meal not so long ago. She couldn't afford to be thinking of blood now. Alison shook her head and rubbed over her eyes with one hand. Being on the run as a human seemed like a piece of cake compared to this. A second later, she twisted around sharply. A sound had rasped through the emptiness, bouncing off the tiled walls. She got to her feet slowly, trying to locate the origin. She couldn't see anyone on either side of the hallway. The noise repeated itself, a strange mixture of a low screech and groan. That noise was definitely not human and she'd never heard a vampire make that noise, not even when they were staked. If her heart had been beating, it would have doubled its pace. Pressed against the flat surface, she slowly raised her head to the ceiling and had to bite back a scream. Whatever it was, it was the most horrific thing she'd ever come across. A creature that looked like a sack of bones, held together by grey skin with unseeing eyes and a gaping mouth. It was contorted in the strangest way, holding onto the ceiling with arms that had developed into leathery wings and legs, twisted aside to grasp onto loose tiles. She was paralyzed as she stared up at it, taking in exactly what happened to those that were starved for blood. A Subsider, appearing a hundred times more threatening than she'd seen them on the news. He must have smelt her blood through the bandage, she thought dimly. The thing bared its fangs, stretching out a wing-like limb and leaving a deep scratch in its wake. She worked on getting her legs under control. This was bad. She had no idea how to defend herself against something like that. It was a desperate beast and with no more rationality, it would probably kill her. She had to move and do it fast. Apparently the creature had the same in mind because as soon as Alison even twitched a muscle, it let itself fall, slamming onto the ground in front of her and burying the tip of its wing in the wall beside her head. She let herself fall, dodging the thing's attack and breaking into a run as soon as it drew back. Its angry screech rang through her head, echoing back from all sides and she kept running. Suddenly, finding people to mingle with sounded like a fantastic idea. The clumsy gait of the pursuer grew distant as she randomly swerved around a corner and sprinted towards a sign at the end of the corridor. Ignoring that it distinctly said: No entry, she headed towards it at full tilt, slamming against the entrance it indicated. The steel door didn't budge. She swore, circled, and found herself in a dead end. She cursed again, looking for anything to defend herself with. The beast was still following; she could hear it approaching from the opposite end. She was about to throw herself against the door again, when it swung open from the inside, catching her in the shoulder and sending her tumbling onto the wall. A whole string of quiet curses fell from her lips and when she looked up, she saw three figures running past. None of them seemed to notice her lying behind the door and despite her aching back from the impact, she was glad for it. That was until the Subsider turned the corner. The three stopped dead in their tracks, two of them even backed up a fraction. She could have slipped through the open door then and disappeared from view, but something stopped her. Something she couldn't place until she zeroed in on the woman in the group. She was bleeding and even from the distance, Alison was convinced that she could see the trickle running down the wrist. And it was human blood. She didn't know what was happening. It felt like she was in a state of wonder and unprecedented hunger at the same time. It had been over ten days since she'd last seen a human. How could one be here in the city? Everyone knew it was impossible to escape once you'd been caught for blood farming. Her feet seemed to carry her towards the woman despite the danger at the mouth of the corridor. There was a man beside her, both backing up from the creature. He was bleeding too, his whole arm soaked with it and it also smelt very much human. Her throat ignited just tasting the smell on the air. She barely registered the leader of the trio shooting at the Subsider, making the thing scream in pain. She was so close, only a few steps… That's when the man half-turned and caught sight of her. She recoiled immediately, catching his eye as he yelled at the woman and pointed something wooden at Alison. Instinctively, her fangs extended but at this point, she was so elated at finding humans that she threw her hands up in surrender at the same time. It seemed to disconcert the man just enough to not stab her instantly. In fact, there was something familiar about him. It only clicked when she studied his face and a hazy memory flooded her inner eye. \"E. Dalton,\" she said, staring at the human, who she could have sworn had been a vampire doctor only a week ago. The woman was looking back and forth between the two, seemingly torn between backing away and taking the stake from her partner to finish Alison off. The dark-haired man was looking at her strangely, the memory apparently failing him as he tried to place her. Behind them, the starved vampire's body collapsed on its side and the assailant turned back to the remaining two. \"Ed! We have to move!\" She froze and it felt like ice running through her veins. That third voice was one she recognized only too well. Her eyes darted past the humans, who both twisted at the call too, and focused on the man in the uniform. Vampire eyes stared earnestly at the human with the stake before sliding over the woman's shoulder as he caught sight of her. She hissed in a breath. Frankie Dalton.[Chapter 15] Subwalk, Bromley Marks Underground Parking, Staff Exit Just her luck. She wanted to slam her head against a wall. Or throw something heavy at him. There was a stretch of silence that felt much longer than its few seconds. Then the soldier voiced exactly what was racing through her mind. With the slight difference that his expression was complete disbelief and hers dark with warning. \"Shit\" \"You know her?\" the woman asked, flashing a wary look at Alison, backing up. \"What are you doing here?\" she countered before Frankie could explain anything in return. She turned to the dark-haired man in confusion, the scent of blood completely gone from her mind now. Incredible how seeing the soldier had instantly cleared her mind, made her alert again, \"And how…how are you human? You treated me here and suddenly you…\" \"We don't have time for this,\" Frankie cut in, pulling the older man's arm, \"You need to get out of the city. Now\" He was politely ignored. The one that shared the same name but was so completely different seemed to have drawn his own conclusions about the situation. Recognition spread across his face and she wondered if that was a good or bad sign. \"You're his daughter,\" the man said, dropping the stake back to his side, \"The one who poisoned herself\" She honestly didn't know if that made her any less of a threat than the subsider that had just attacked them. She nodded anyway. Her options were either to continue fleeing on her own or possibly, maybe make it out with these humans. They were obviously on the run and she'd rather the second choice, even if it involved her bodyguard as part of the picture. She needed to find allies and apparently, this doctor seemed to have enough of an interest to think about it. It seemed she'd made a positive impression on this brother in the five minutes that he'd treated her. That was a lot better than what she'd achieved in all her time with Frankie. \"I can help,\" she offered, holding the man's gaze. They didn't need to know that she had no clue about this place or how to get out. \"Ed, we have to go\" the woman chimed in and threw a worried look at the door they'd come out of. She was pale and judging from the way her body was shaking, it was either from shock or blood loss. Alison wished she could remember what that fear felt like, that fear that she couldn't protect herself with an injured body. Even now, with her blood loss and fatigue she wasn't worried. Even so…she didn't really know what was going on here. Pieces were falling into place and the longer she took in the scene in front of her, the clearer things became. These two people were following the soldier. They were actually relying on him for guidance. It stunned her. She couldn't believe that he was helping fugitive humans escape. That seemed impossible. Her father's lapdog? The loyal follower? \"You trust him?\" Alison exclaimed, pointing at Frankie. The woman paused, waiting for the man to take care of the situation. The one in question was quicker to answer. \"This has nothing to do with you,\" Frankie shot back. Alison simply glared before changing her approach. She opened her mouth to say that she was looking for a way out of the city, to beg the humans to trust her enough to let her get away from this place, but the blood doctor spoke first. He was observing her with curious eyes despite the urgency. \"She can come with us\" He'd read her mind. Had she been able to still feel relief, as strongly as before, she would have probably sunk to her knees at his words. Finally, finally somebody was offering her a way out. A human who was prepared to believe her despite what she was. Fate was being far too gracious today. On the other side of the corridor, the solider looked just about ready to drag her back the way he had once before. Despite his body language clearly addressing the human, it couldn't be clearer that he was telling her to back off. \"No, we can't risk it. She isn't involved in this,\" Frankie objected. She instantly wanted to punch him. There was hardness in his voice but she could sense the emotion when he addressed his brother. He obviously wasn't thinking rationally. Who knew what had happened in the hours in which he'd been gone. She wasn't sure she wanted to. \"The more vampires we are, the less of a problem we have getting through these tunnels without questions asked,\" Ed stated sharply, moving to leave, \"Come on\" \"She'll make it more difficult. You know who she is!\" Frankie snapped back. His insistence let another thought surface – what did the doctor know of the events in the recent weeks? It didn't seem like Frankie had informed him about his relation to her. \"And if we don't move now, none of us might make it,\" the older brother argued back. His eyes had the most beseeching look Alison had ever seen. Had she been on the receiving end of that, she would have caved in immediately. As a human, the man could practically project emotion. Frankie growled under his breath but turned away. He wasn't going to waste any more time. The woman also accepted without further objection, evidently too worn out to argue. Alison didn't miss the soldier's conflicted glance in her direction but she couldn't read it. Even though she was absolutely confused as to what was going on and why Frankie was helping them instead of handing them over, logic told her more trouble was waiting if they were caught. She didn't ask anything else as they started moving down the passages. After several minutes of grim, strained movement, she shrugged out of her hooded jacket and passed it to the woman. The human almost jumped at the contact and Alison felt a strange déjà vu that, had they been in reverse positions, she would have done the same. She'd never pictured what it would be like to embody the one to be feared, the monster. Here she was, a runaway vampire only trying to help and still posing a threat. \"The bleeding is too obvious,\" she muttered and despite the brunette's hesitant expression, she did take the garment, flipping the hood over her head to hide the giveaway eye colour. Interesting, that they should both have the same injuries but Alison guessed the woman's had a very different reason for infliction. They moved wordlessly, with the soldier occasionally pointing out directions as they went. It must have been late enough in the day for most vampires to be at home since they barely passed any on their way. The woman beside her was panting heavily and Alison saw the sleeves being stained darker. She quickly looked away. Holding onto rationality wasn't going to be easy if they continued like this all day. When they finally reached some stairs, which Frankie seemed to have been headed for, the vampire-turned-human noticed the bleeding too and supported her in climbing up the narrow steps. Alison kept her distance behind them, trying to quench the desire to bury her teeth in the human's vein. She needed to refocus. Frankie pulled out a key and pushed open the door in front of them. The smell of metal and rubber greeted her, so she wasn't very surprised that they found themselves in a storage room bathed in fluorescent white. As the door snapped shut behind the four, the humans collapsed on the floor to catch their breath, while Alison and Frankie faced another in a silent challenge. She knew what he wanted to know but she was far more interested in finding out what was happening here than explaining herself. \"This is your brother?\" she asked, although they both knew she was stating the obvious. She had heard and seen enough since meeting the two of them to deduce that information. He only nodded curtly, never taking his eyes off her. She wondered what was raging inside him the most at this point. He surely looked like he was ready to throw her through a glass table again. She didn't even blame him. Somehow, she'd managed to disrupt his plans from day one. \"Edward,\" the man in question answered in his place, pressing a hand to his neck wound and wincing at the touch. \"And your name …?\" \"Alison,\" she replied. He nodded and watched her with something she could only describe as concern. \"That was a desperate thing you did that day. Painful. Not many vampires try to end it that way unless they're starving\" She was impressed he still recalled treating her, that he remembered her at all. She supposed she was one of the more interesting patients he'd gotten. Suicidal vampires weren't the norm. \"I wanted to die,\" she stated bluntly. It was the truth. The man nodded and somehow, she believed that he understood. Even then, he seemed to have kept a connection to his emotions and seeing him human again gave her hope. Or at least, what she remembered hope to feel like. A sensation she'd missed for a while. \"I never wanted to be this. This is what my father wants\" Another nod. Something close to a guilty look as he watched her. Then Edward's attention moved to his companion. \"Frankie, you have a first-aid kit somewhere here?\" The soldier was stiff and she could tell he was immensely perturbed by the familiarity with which his brother spoke to her. There was something in his eyes that made Alison nervous. It was a taxing expression, as though he was unsure of who to deal with first. Could vampires even go into shock? She'd seen Frankie in distress; feeling like he was backed into a corner and it hadn't been something she wanted to repeat. \"I don't think so. This is just storage for weapons that need repairing,\" he replied. \"I'm fine,\" the woman insisted but it was obvious that both the humans were worn out. They needed transport out of here and medical attention. \"Give me your shirt,\" Alison demanded, turning to face the soldier. It took him a moment to realize that she was addressing him, freely speaking to him in an order. Of course, he didn't waste time going on defence. \"What?\" The irritation on his face didn't bother her anymore. Honestly, for someone who must have had first aid training and survival tactics in his profession, he wasn't catching on quickly. \"Your shirt. We can bandage up the injuries if we tear it up\" Before he could object, surely just for the hell of it, Edward jumped in. \"Good. If we can make it back to the base by dark, it'll be enough until then\" She could see the soldier inwardly sigh before he caved and began pulling off clothes. Alison honestly tried not to look but there wasn't much else to pay attention to. Having experienced that body once, she just couldn't get rid of the memory. He handed her the shirt to hold and pulled out his knife, ripping it into narrow strips. She was tempted to congratulate him on managing to work as a team. If this was going to end in her favour, she was going to have to keep snarky, sarcastic comments in her head. He caught her gaze as they worked and it was growing unexpectedly less hostile. \"How did you get out?\" he murmured, low enough for the humans not to hear. She shrugged, \"Does it matter? I got creative\" His eyes were on her bruised hands and she looked away, knowing he was probably reconstructing the escape. She gave the strips to Ed, who bandaged up his companion best he could. She had to turn away at the sight of it. Why was she so hungry again all of a sudden? She wasn't in need of blood yet. Maybe the effort of breaking out had taken more out of her than expected. \"We need to get to the meeting point,\" the woman demanded, now working on stemming the blood flow from her partner's neck, \"He'll come looking for us otherwise. As long as the sun is up, we have the advantage\" \"Where?\" Frankie demanded. Edward turned towards them again, already getting back onto his feet. \"We need a car\" It was almost disturbing how easy Frankie made it seem. Ten more minutes down the Subwalk system and he broke open a door leading into the dimly lit interior of a townhouse.. Despite the warning uttered by the humans, he just shook his head, slamming his shoulder into the back door until it gave way. Alison was quite sure there were cameras watching them but refrained from voicing her concerns. He was the only one that knew these tunnels Looking around the place, she saw that is was nowhere near as secure as her father's mansion. This was the kind of house that had barely been modified for security. \"How can you be so sure nobody is here?\" his brother queried in a low voice, as they slipped into the house. Frankie's shoulders tightened on the subject, although Alison was sure she was the only one that noticed the minimal change. \"We raided this neighbourhood weeks ago. There was a large subsider development around here - couldn't afford blood anymore\" Nobody said it aloud. This was a ghost house now. The inhabitants were long gone or starving to death in a closed facility. The curious part was, that Alison didn't feel anything in particular at the thought. It crossed her mind that this could have been her fate, had she not been the daughter of a particular influential man. Someone like Frankie would have come to dispose of her once she had lost all sanity. She kept her back to him as she stared into the empty living room, the bare kitchen. No signs of a struggle but everything was eerily...dead. She could sense Edward behind her, his breathing still uneven from the running. The woman found the car keys hanging beside the main door and tossed them at the soldier. They were perfectly in place as though nobody had ever touched them. As though their owner wasn't gone for good. Frankie wasted no more time leading them to the car. This garage door in this place wasn't solid steel and she caught herself thinking about how easy it would have been to escape this kind of house. She could have been free weeks ago. \"I can drive,\" Edward offered. His brother gave him a look before settling into the driver's seat, simply pointing out, \"Your neck is ripped open\" Alison slipped into the back beside the woman, making sure to have a good view of what Frankie was doing. As convenient as this was, she didn't trust this situation yet. It was such a change to see him…dare she think it, to see him care about someone more than himself. He was risking a lot by helping these humans and it just didn't fit. He'd told her time and time again that his position was everything to him. What if there was an ulterior motive? He still had time to hand them over and present himself as the hero who captured the runaways. She had interrupted though. How would he explain her presence? Sinking back in the seat, she kept a close eye on him as he activated daylight driving and pulled out of the garage. At the same time, she tried not to focus on how the scent of drying blood was filling the interior of the car. The bandages were suppressing it but the scent didn't make it less of a temptation. She supposed Frankie had more experience in withstanding but she was really beginning to feel the gnawing in her stomach, the burn in her throat. She clenched her hands around the seatbelt. She had to focus. No beating hearts, no pulsing veins. \"What happened up there?\" Frankie's voice rang through her head, snapping her back into the moment. She blinked, realizing that she could see the outside in broad daylight right in front of her. She hadn't realized how distant that memory already was but looking out, she could feel the phantom warmth of it on her skin. Or maybe it was the tingle of burning. From the way his brother fidgeted, it seemed the question had been posed to him. It took both the humans a moment to find the right place to start answering. They had turned onto the deserted main road, heading out of the city on Edward's instruction. The human looked pale as he recounted the events. \"Bromley had Audrey in his office, draining her. When I arrived, he told me about how they had succeeded with a substitute blood source. But it was never the objective to stop the farming. Just another way to make money while stopping the chaos of starvation\" The brunette beside her spoke up. \"Edward told him there was no need for it anymore. He found a cure for vampirism\" That hit home like a club against the back of her head. Alison felt as though she was processing the information far too slowly and quickly at once. A legitimate way to become human again – were they telling the truth? They had to be, judging by the transformation she saw in Edward Dalton. How did it work? How could she get to it? Was there even enough? It could be the answer to everything, the human race would survive, return to its previous state even. It was such an overwhelming train of thought that she barely managed to keep still in her seat. Frankie didn't utter a sound and she couldn't see his reflection in the rear view mirror. She was too elated to care for his reaction. This was news . This was the change she had been waiting and wishing for. Suddenly, she found herself hanging onto every word being said. \"He didn't believe it but it didn't look like he was planning to take chances either. He was going to kill us, probably drain us just to prove his power,\" the woman continued, \"I guess it was the plan all along - he bit Ed\" Well, that was more than visible. She was drawn back to the wound with its makeshift bandage. If she just bit slightly deeper, she could start the bleeding again and taste the heat of it right from the source… \"So why aren't you dead?\" the vampire soldier sounded impatient and she forced herself to look away, \"How did you get out when I caught up to you?\" All eyes went back to Edward, as he turned with a tired smile tugging at his lips. There was something victorious reflected in his face. \"Because Bromley didn't know that my blood was the cure\" She was so enthralled by the word 'cure' that she completely missed the implication of what he was saying. Of what had happened to her father. \"How?\" it was quiet but with an undertone that had Alison instinctively tense. The car went over a bump as Frankie's hands clenched violently around the wheel, sending everyone slamming against their seats. They were going cross-country now and she wasn't all too comfortable for the soldier to take his attention off the road. He was staring at his brother with wide-eyed disbelief. She glanced over at the human beside her, taking in her strained face. She was watching Frankie too, gauging the reaction. \"I'll explain. We're almost there,\" his brother pointed ahead to a large tree, \"It'll be alright\" The younger one braked unceremoniously and without warning, throwing the inhabitants into their seatbelts again. Alison was about to raise her voice at him when he repeated, carrying a quiver in his angry tone. It was the sound of betrayal, disbelief and denial all at once, \"How?\" It took her a moment to realize he wasn't talking about how things could possibly be all right after this. He wanted to know what she was also more than curious about. \"Sunlight, Frankie. Sunlight!\" Edward's eyes shone with wonder, even as he pried himself out of the seatbelt, \"A controlled exposure! You have to burn just long enough to get the heart beating. It's so simple, absolute genius. Nature found a way to evolve again. Once the body returns to its human state, the decontaminated blood acts as a remedy for vampirism. We become our own cure. Nobody knew because everyone that has died in the sun couldn't control the external factors. We can change everyone\" The silence that followed was deafening. Alison couldn't find her voice. It was unbelievable but at the same time, the most logical answer. It was nothing short of a miracle and despite the procedure sounding painful, she couldn't think of every wanting anything more. She would be human again. Her bodyguard looked just as stunned and had turned away from Edward throughout his speech to stare at the wheel. Then he wordlessly eased the car forward again, although slower than before. When the vehicle finally came to a stop beneath the tree, he got out, recklessly walking into the shade. Alison was a bit surprised at the move. He seemed to be paying no mind to the danger of burning up. Edward sighed as he watched Frankie lean against the trunk with his back to them, hands running over his head. It was a picture of defeat. \"I said too much\" \"He just betrayed many people for you, Ed,\" the woman spoke up and Alison didn't miss the way she leaned forward to place a hand on his blood-soaked arm. \"He'll be on the run as much as we have\" She considered that. She hadn't even though about how Frankie would go back now. If he wouldn't be punished for leading the humans to safety, it would be for letting her disappear from under his nose. After everything, she found herself also opening her door and getting out of the car. The air here completely flooded her senses and she was reminded once again, that she hadn't experienced the outside world for weeks. The sun was bright though and it hurt her eyes more than she recalled. Mindful of the areas that weren't shaded by the canopy, she didn't hesitate walking towards the vampire. \"Frankie…\" \"You must be satisfied,\" he cut her off, not bothering to look her in the face, \"This is exactly what you've wanted\" No point denying it. \"I guess it is\" When he didn't give any sign of reaction, she moved around his immobile figure in order to look him in the eye. She needed to read him, to have a semblance of an idea what was going on inside him. Unsurprisingly, he had his blank mask expression on. The look of someone trying to ignore reality. \"Listen,\" she tried again, fixing him with her eyes, \"This doesn't need to be a terrible thing\" The mask shifted slightly, just enough to allow a sarcastic laugh to pass his lips. \"You don't know what you're talking about\" She took a deep breath, knowing this could go both ways. He could fly into a rage or he could see her point. He'd understood her before, maybe he'd see eye-to-eye with her on this one. It was a long shot but she wanted to try. \"I know that what you've always wanted most, my father's appreciation, just became impossible. I know that you saved your brother because you care about him. I know that you think this is the only life for you…but you're wrong\" A muscle in his jaw jumped and he finally caught her gaze. He didn't look too pleased that she was putting it into words and the question escaped between gritted teeth. \"What are you doing, Alison?\" She moved a step closer, entirely serious. \"Become human again\" ","Summary":" Daybreakers Untold Attraction Charles Bromley's Office, Bromley Marks The very first thought that s"},{"Movie":"Hugo","Title":"A Brand New Adventure","Author":"mynameisqwerty","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7762845","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Hi everyone! Haven't uploaded in AGES! This is the first in afew stories I have planned for Hugo. They just burst into my head. Most will be K but there's one I'm thinking of that's a little ... adult. So you're warned. P.S. You'll find out what a remora is at the end. I'm planning on having at least one \"out of the ordinary\" word in every chapter, in honour of Isabelle. :) So now, let the story begin! \"Go on, off with you now,\" said Papa Georges with a playful smile. He waved off the two ... what to call them now ... it had been six years since he had met Hugo. He was now 18, Isabelle 17. They were hardly teenagers anymore... \"Ah, time makes a fool of us doesn't it?\" he conversed to a small clockwork mouse. \"I am old and they are young, and you, my friend, you are ready to be sold,\" He put the mouse back into prominence on the counter of the toy shop, which despite all the success of his re-released films, he had kept open. Isabelle and Hugo came to the train station and helped at the shop nearly every day, assisting in their own ways. Isabelle would strike up interesting conversations with passersby and lead them or keep them at the counter, encouraging more sales, and keeping up public appearance, though they hardly needed that any more, when people found out the old man behind the counter was The Georges Melies. And Hugo in his quiet way, would sit at the back of the shop, mending, repairing, improving. Papa Georges had noticed that several young women had taken to the habit of lingering around the benches directly opposite the toy shop. Giggling, they would wave to Hugo, just visible at the back. Papa Georges had once or twice caught Hugo waving back, with a slight, if somewhat nervous, smile to his face. Papa Georges had also noticed Isabelle scowling at these moments. He did not need Mama Jeanne to tell him what that meant. So, he had decided to send them out for the day. \"Go on,\" he said to the protesting couple. \"Go and enjoy the day, you can't spend your whole lives stuck inside a dusty shop, not at your age, you're at your prime you two. Go out and spend the day. Oh and Isabelle,\" she looked up, \"Don't forget your coat, it's in the back,\" \"Of course, Papa Georges,\" Georges Melies made sure his god-daughter was safely around a corner before pressing 40 Francs into Hugo's hand. \"Go out and buy her something nice. I'm not talking about jewellery, give her an experience.\" Hugo mumbled and muttered and tried to return the money, but Papa George was adamant. And before anything else could be said Isabelle returned, coat and beret firmly in place. Hugo quickly stuffed the money into his jacket pocket. Isabelle looked at the two of them expectantly, \"Well, Hugo, what are we waiting for? Don't be a remora! * Let's go!\" and she grabbed his hand. Hugo muttered to himself. \"Right, don't be a remora ...\" \"Go on off with you now,\" said Papa George with a playful smile as he waved them off. Isabelle tugged impatiently at Hugo's hand, ready to start an adventure. A/N: Remora means an obstacle, hinderance or obstruction I'm eager for reviews or any feedback at all. Please tell me how I'm doing! Thanks. :)[Chapter 2] A/N: Hello and welcome to chapter 2! Whoo hoo! Oh! And a shoutout to my at the moment only reviewer Jitchoo: I feel so honoured! This has only been up a day and I have a reviewer! I am so thankful and happy, HURRAY. special cookie for you :3 I 'm glad you love Hugo so much. ME TOO. Though I have to admit I was mainly drawn to at first by Asa Butterfield (the guy who plays Hugo) Man, that boy is talented! Anyway, hope you like the next installment. It's got a bit of fluff and teen awkwardness HOORAY ... he he ... he he Anyway, enjoy chapter two! As Isabelle led him through the varying crowd, Hugo thought it was almost like old times, one of them leading the other to new exploits, new adventures ... He looked down at their hands, clasped together, completely familiar, and yet a new experience every time. A new experience. That's what Papa Georges had entrusted him to give Isabelle. But it was nearing the end of the holidays. They'd done nearly everything, visited all the new exhibits at the Louvre, climbed up as high as they could up the Eiffel Tower, shouting out to the Parisians below, the Wednesday Market, even just walking through the streets of Paris, combing the city for street performers, buskers, or dancing bears and monkeys. Isabelle's idea. And they'd seen all the films at the cinema. Contrary to Papa Georges' prior instruction, Isabelle and Hugo were now encouraged to see as many films as possible. \"To widen your horizons,\" said Mama Jeanne. \"To look out for the competition,\" said Papa Georges with a wink. \"To become more perspicacious*,\" said Isabelle. Naturally. \"So ... what do you want to do?\" said Hugo, somewhat awkwardly, as they walked under a large clock and passed through the train station doors. \"Let's go and see if any new films are on,\" Isabelle said excitably. \"You never know, there might be some new ones,\" They walked the streets of city, now as familiar to Hugo as the inner walls of the station, and stopped outside the cinema, looking at the posters that advertised new films. \"Oh, look!\" Isabelle pointed at a poster with excitement. \"A new Marx Brothers film. \"A Day at the Races.\" Sounds exciting! Shall we see it?\" \"Sure,\" said Hugo. \"Unless, there's something else you'd like to do ...\" \"What could rival a horserace? Come on!\" The film was good. Isabelle said nothing could compete with her Papa Georges but Hugo thought she might be a bit biased. He'd certainly enjoyed it, though he couldn't help thinking that while a horserace was exciting, it wasn't exactly what Papa Georges had meant by an experience. Despite everything, the horses they had seen today were not really there. They had not felt the horses damp musty breath, heard the snorts or whinnies, they had not seen the sweat trickle slowly under the jockey's chins, hot and steaming. They had watched a movie. Something that they had done countless times before. Hardly an experience . He was walking beside Isabelle, hands in pockets and looking at the pavement, disconsolate, when something like a little miracle occurred. It started to rain. Not a light sprinkle that gradually grew on you but a great torrent of water, covering the pavement and road with a film of water almost instantantly. Both Hugo and Isabelle shouted out in shock and ran, laughing as they almost slipped in the rain. Hugo pulled his jacket over his head and Isabelle did the same with her coat, pointing out a little cafe, 10 metres away. It would be two minutes if they ran. \"There,\" she panted, almost tripping over her grip-less boots, \"we could wait there, until the rain stops,\" Despite their best efforts they were both soaked by the time they reached \"Le Petit Gateau.\" They stumbled over the threshold and into the cosy warmth of the cafe. \"Oh my dears,\" A plump woman, her dress an odd shade of pink waddled towards them, smothering them in a tight, perfumed embrace. Hugo smelt violets and musk and resisted the urge to sneeze with great difficulty. The woman continued to fuss over Isabelle and Hugo as if they were the long lost son and daughter of a beloved sister. \"Oh come my dears, out of the wet and the cold. Come to the fire.\" She led them to a blazing fireplace, surrounded by a mish-mash of assorted armchairs, all of them looking very lived-in and comfortable. She covered them both in knobbly knitted shawls (\"The best we've got I'm afraid my dears, all the blankets have been taken already!) and seated them each at an armchair. Hugo could now at least seven other people were also huddled around the fire, taking refuge from the storm. They all looked quite snug, if a little cold. \"Are you expected anywhere dears?\" the woman said. \"The man on the radio said the rain's not expected to clear up for some time. You don't want anyone to worry,\" Isabelle answered \"Yes, My Godparents, is there a phone I could use?\" \"But of course,\" As Isabelle got back up, brushing lightly past him, Hugo sank back into his armchair staring into the fire. It was very warm here. He forgot he was cold as he stared into the hypnotising flames. He felt his eyelids begin to droop ... When Isabelle came back from the phone, she found Hugo passed out beside the fire. A/N: Perspicacious – Having keen mental perception and understanding or discerning. So yeah. Write later! mynameisqwerty[Chapter 3] A/N: Phew, I'm back. Sorry it took so long. This chapter was murder to write, I kept doing it over and over again. ... and I had Maths to do ... but most difficulty writing the chapter. Um. Anyway. There are a LOT more special words in this one, probably because it's all in Isabelle's perspective. Shout outs - theredrobin: Thank you very much. People often compliment my style of writing ... I must be doing something right C: ... I'm glad you enjoy the new words, like I said, there's a lot in this chapter, so you should like it. You a fan of Lemony Snicket too? I am, love his stuff. Lily: Thanks so much for your kind words, you're so sweet! I tried to make the chapter longer this time, but it was hard. :C Onwards to Chapter Three! WARNING The following chapter contains copious amounts of fluff and teenage awkwardness ... enjoy C; Isabelle looked down at Hugo. He looked so peaceful. Since Hugo had come to live with them, he had seemed much happier. And yet sometimes, in those quiet moments, she would catch him with a forlorn expression on his face, staring through space looking lost, abandoned, and she believed it was then that he remembered his father, and all that he had lost. \"He's very handsome,\" Isabelle jumped. The kind woman who had taken care of them was right behind her. She hadn't heard her, Isabelle was so lost in her thoughts. She realised she was absentmindedly stroking Hugo's hair. She stopped at once. \"Don't worry, my dear,\" said the woman, smiling knowingly. \"Unrequited love happens everywhere. Including here. I think, perhaps, mostly here. For \"The City of Love,\" Paris leaves an awful lot of broken hearts, don't you think?\" \"I – I don't – I mean, I –\" Isabelle was ready to deny everything to this woman. This usurper. This intruder. But the look she gave Isabelle desisted her. This woman meant no malice. She could see that. \"Sometimes,\" she said softly. \"I think he realises, and then he grins and smiles and I know it's just my imagination,\" \"I do not know very much,\" the woman confided. \"My mother owned this shop before me. School was for men and girls stayed at home, so I never went to school, though I wanted to very badly. But I still learnt a few tricks from my dear maman ,\" she looked down at Hugo. \"I saw both of you come into this shop. The moment you were taken care of, he relaxed,\" \"He only ever sees me as an old friend,\" \"All right,\" the woman said, putting both hands up in surrender. \"All right. I am an old woman. What do I know?\" And she left to see what her husband was doing, a slight smile on her face. Isabelle looked down at Hugo. He was handsome. He'd grown over the last few years. Now he was the taller one, something he'd delighted in ever since he'd noticed. With his dark hair, bright, effulgent* blue eyes, and pale skin that had refused to darken after his years in the tunnels, he was quite striking. It was no wonder those silly girls were giggling over him all the time. At the thought of Romilda and her posse, Isabelle felt a wave of rancor* sweep through her, and she turned her head to the window, and the inclement* weather pounding against the glass. As if their unendurable giggling and carrying on were not enough, a few weeks ago, as Hugo was locking up the shop they had swarmed him, like a horde of fashionably-dressed bees. Hugo had been so disarmed and nervous. Then Romilda, foolish leader of a foolish group, had tried to loop her arm around his. Hugo had jumped back before he knew what he was doing. He had knocked a bucket of tin soldiers from the counter. They spilled all over the floor, a flood of tiny armed troops, a considerable amount broke on impact, others caused a Brobdingnagian* obstacle course for the daily commuters passing by, still others, those that had survived, were stolen. The commotion had brought on a flock of street-boys. It was as if the incident had been an elaborate rat trap, using tin toys for cheese. And of course none of those silly girls had been any use at all, screaming and carrying on, clutching at their cheeks. In the end, Isabelle and Hugo were able to save 22 of them. The bucket was barely a quarter-full. It had taken Papa George and Hugo months to build them all. The troop had been 100 men strong. And now all that was left were broken swords and tiny, squashed tin fingers. Isabelle scowled at the rain. \"She doesn't mean any harm you know,\" Isabelle jumped as, for the second time that day, someone came up behind her. She had to stop herself from being lost in her thoughts. Hugo was constantly teasing her about it, \"It's like when you're lost in one of your books,\" he said smiling. \"The world could move on 50 years and you'd never notice. You'll still be getting lost in London with Oliver Twist,\" Isabelle turned to see what appeared to be a younger version of the woman she had been talking to earlier, excepting the lurid shade of pink. The girl looked about her age. \"Sorry?\" \"My mother. Match-making is her favourite pastime.\" \"Your mother?\" \"Yes. Claire Amantine,\" she held out her hand. Isabelle shook it gladly. The girl looked out the window too. \"Lovely weather we're having,\" she said with a smirk. Isabelle smiled back. She liked Claire. \"Are you going to run the patisserie after your mother?\" she said, indicating around the room. It was a strange combination of cafe and living room, the fireplace took up the entire side of one wall, and another was plastered with bookshelves, there was a counter with a cornucopia of sweets, cakes, biscuits and pastries, there was a piano in the corner and the middle of the room was taken up by several tables and chairs, none like the other, yet matching in an odd sort of way. Eclectic. Almost. As Isabelle looked around in the vague reddish light that filled the place, she realised nothing was new. Everything was slightly worn, or chipped or scratched. Especially the floor. Isabelle loved it. \"No, I don't think so,\" said Claire. \"Oh!\" cried out Isabelle in dismay. \"But it's so lovely,\" and she meant it too. She felt at peace and at home here. Clare laughed at her response. \"It's silly I know, but what I'd really love to own is a toy shop, we live in the apartment upstairs and having to smell all this everyday has put me off dessert for life,\" Isabelle quietly contemplated this for a moment. It was almost as if one of the Fates had intervened, this couldn't be coincidence ... \"Do you love him?\" Claire said suddenly, indicating Hugo, still conked, arm and head over the side of his armchair, his mouth slightly open. Isabelle was caught off guard. \"What?\" \"I thought I'd ask the blunt question, you're no use to Mum if there isn't at least some attraction between you,\" she said with a wry smile. \"Um ...,\" Isabelle was at a loss for what to say. She didn't know. The thought of Romilda certainly made her want to ring that delicate little neck until it turned blue, but did that mean she loved Hugo? Truly loved. As Catherine loved Heathcliff? As Elizabeth loved Mr Darcy? As Mary loved Watson? She was saved the answer by the waking snuffle-snore of Hugo. He shook his head lightly as he rose. Then he caught sight of her. He made his way forward. He indicated the rain. \"It still hasn't let up?\" \"No, it blazing sunshine, can't you see?\" said Claire, indicating an imaginary spot of sun and smiling slightly. Hugo grinned. A small distraction in the form of a small girl appeared, she had two short blonde pig-tails that stuck out of her head at off angles, and wore a red, pink and white chequered dress. She was about to say something to Claire, but then caught sight of Hugo, and decided to hide behind Claire's legs instead. Claire looked down at the tiny girl with a loving endearment. Then she looked back up at the two of them. \"This is my sister, Flora, Flora, this is ... oh,\" There was a slightly awkward moment as everyone realised something at the same time. \"Isabelle,\" said Isabelle kindly. \"Hugo,\" Hugo knelt down slowly, so that he was at the same height as the girl, and put his hand out to the girl, as if to shake her hand. The girl giggled ferociously. It was like a tinkling bell, innocent and free. Once they had subsided, she tentatively put out one hand. \"The other hand, Flora,\" Hugo said gently, Isabelle noticed that he talked to Flora, not as if she were a child, but someone his own age, even someone older. As they shook hands, Claire looked on in amazement. \"Flora,\" Hugo said with a mischievous look on his face. \"Would you like to see some magic?\" The girl gasped in delight and nodded vigorously. Hugo smiled and put his hand in his pocket, drawing out a pack of worn cards. He looked up at Flora as he spread them in a fan flawlessly. \"Pick a card, any card,\" he said. Flora was practically bouncing as she picked one. \"Now, take a good look at your card,\" Hugo said. \"Remember it hard, it will be important later,\" Flora screwed up her eyes in an effort to remember, she opened them again. \"Are you ready to hand back your card?\" Hugo asked. \"Remember! Don't show it to me,\" Flora handed back her card. Hugo put it back in the pile and started shuffling. \"Have you had a good day so far, Flora?\" \"Uh huh!\" the girl said excitably. \"Except for the rain. I was supposed to go for a play with Annette today, and now I can't. But this is been the best bit of the day so far!\" \"Good,\" said Hugo, his teeth flashed slightly as he smiled again. \"Now, can you remember your card?\" \"Of course I can!\" \"Of course, how silly of me to underestimate you, is this your card?\" He pulled it out, not physically, but by hovering his hand above the cards. And one shot out, over his head and he caught on the tips of his fingers. He brought it round so Flora could see. Flora burst out in a delighted giggle again, she took the card and ran back behind the counter and through a door, waving it above her head. \" Maman! Maman ! There's a magician in the cafe! Look what he did, maman ,\" Claire, Isabelle and Hugo all grinned at each other. Then Claire turned to Hugo. \"That was amazing! Not just the magic trick, but what you did with Flora. She's normal such a shy thing! She never trusts strangers,\" \"It's something I learnt while working with my father,\" said Hugo, a little quietly, and Isabelle knew they had reached a sensitive subject, \"we worked in a clockwork's shop, so not many children came in, but when they did, my father always treated them like equals, like he was talking to adults, not children. Once he did that, they respected him, especially if their own parents molly-coddled them.\" \"That was clever,\" Claire commented. \"It kept damages down,\" Hugo, almost nonchalant, not meeting her eyes. Isabelle thought Claire was about to ask something more about Hugo's father, she had a feeling Claire had picked up on his tone and had guessed what had happened, at least in part. But before she had the chance, Madame Amantine came back through the door behind the counter, being led forcibly by Flora, who was dragging her mother across, back to see Hugo. \"It was him, maman! He picked my card and he made it fly. He's magic!\" \"It seems you've made quite an impression on my daughter, my dear. I hope you'll be coming again, hopefully with company,\" Madame Amantine stared at Isabelle. \"Mum,\" said Claire, a little embarrassed. \"Leave them al –\" \"But of course, we must have music, my dears,\" said Madame Amantine, cutting off her daughter mid-sentence. \"Benji!\" she started moving back to behind the counter and put her head through the door, \"Benjamin, come out here! Come and play some lovely music for our guests!\" A young boy, about 13 years old, came through the door, he had short hair and large square glasses. He grumbled something that was probably best left unintelligible and sat down at the piano. A moment, and then ... The most beautiful sound Isabelle had ever heard released itself from the piano. A gambling waltz of a tune that flew through the air, straight into Isabelle's heart. \"Come, come my dears, we must all dance,\" Madame Amantine was getting lively. She got all her refugees out of the armchairs and partnered them up with each other. All together, including Claire, Isabelle and Hugo, there were six girls and four boys. It didn't seem to bother them. They all started spinning round and round the small free space in the cafe, leaving one's arms and falling into another's, Hugo at one point spinning Flora around, in and out, in and out, in a ridiculous, fantastic, spontaneous celebration of life and then Isabelle fell into his arms and the waltz slowed and they danced, almost in a dream, as they drew closer ... \"Oh, look the rain's stopped, what a pity!\" the slam of a piano lid and closing of a door, and the magic of those last few precious seconds was gone, as the notes of that final, unfinished melody faded to air. Everyone else seemed to have come out of a daze too. They looked around and some exclaimed at the crepuscular* light making its way through the windows of \"Le Petit Gateau.\" People began to leave in three's and two's. Finally, only Hugo and Isabelle were left, mainly because Flora would not let go of Hugo's arm, \"Please, please maman, can't The Magician Hugo stay? Please,\" \"The Magician Hugo?\" Hugo repeated with some uncertainty as Isabelle and Claire hid smiles behind their hands. \"Well ... If Isa –\" \" No Mum!\" and Claire, suddenly stone-faced, grabbed both Isabelle and Hugo by the hand and pulled them out of the shop to the glistening pavement outside. \"Sorry about that.\" She said, shaking her head. \"She doesn't know when to stop.\" \"Why is your brother so angry? He plays the piano beautifully,\" Isabelle asked. Although she had loved the harmony as it played, now that she was no longer listening to it, she could not remember it. \"He doesn't like playing in the cafe. You know, for customers. I'm not sure why,\" \"Well, tell him his music was absolutely piquant* and I thoroughly enjoyed every moment of it,\" \"I'll be sure to pass on the message,\" said Claire with a smile. Just then, Flora came running through the doors holding two bundles wrapped in wax paper. \"Isabelle and Hugo the Magician, maman said to give you these, she said not to worry about paying and that you're both welcome to come here again anytime you like,\" she handed them the bundles. Isabelle and Hugo opened them, it was pain chocolat. \"Thanks a lot Flora,\" Hugo said smiling at her, causing Flora blush scarlet. \"Here,\" he reached into his pocket and pulled out some spare change from the movies. \"Have 2 Franc, one for being a fabulous dance partner and one for bringing me and Isabelle pastries. You can use it save up for your own pack of magic cards,\" Flora took the coin reverently and placed it carefully into her pocket. \"Thank you very much, Hugo,\" \"No problem,\" \"See you later, Flora,\" Isabelle bent down and hugged her. \"Bye,\" As Flora came back into the shop with Claire, Madame Amantine rushed towards them. \"How did it go Flora, did they take the pastries?\" \"Yep, and then The Magician Hugo gave me 2 Franc anyway so I could save up to buy my own pack of magic cards!\" \"That's wonderful, my dear, I think Hugo likes you,\" \"I like him, too,\" \"Mum, you can't keep giving away pastries like that!\" Claire cut in. \"We're not made of money. You keep giving them away and get nothing in return, you're wasting good product. Why did you insist on Hugo and Isabelle not paying? They would have,\" \"I know they would have, Claire. Because they are polite, and they would not want to seem rude. I know we are not made of money. But what would they think of me, if they thought I was trying to make a sale out of them, even after they had left the shop! They would never come back. But now, I have given them a free pastry, a lovely dance and Flora has made friends with Hugo. Now, they will definitely come back,\" \"That was divine,\" Isabelle said, as she finished off her pain chocolat. \"It certainly was,\" Hugo agreed, still licking his fingers. Isabelle bumped him slightly. \"I mean more than the pastry,\" she said. \"The movie, and then dancing...\" She started to spin around, humming, trying to find the tune again. But she could not. Hugo caught her hand and spun her round, once, twice, and then again out, and back in, so that she was suddenly very close to him. \"And then pastry,\" he said. \"And then pastry,\" she agreed with a laugh. And they were quiet for a moment, Hugo looking down at her face as he held her. He suddenly let go. \"We should be getting home,\" A/N: So, whaddya think? Aren't I creul? Wha ha ha ha ... he ... he... Anyways french and interesting words. I've included pronounciation as well to the best of my ability. If someone out there has greater knowledge, don't hesitate to show me up. I'll make the changes immediately. Maman – affectionate term for \"mother\" in French. Pronounced \"ma – mon\" with a very soft \"n\" almost at the back of the throat. Pain chocolat – pronounced \"pan shock – o – la,\" again, the \"n\" in \"pan\" is very soft and at the back of the throat. More commonly known as chocolate croissants. This is a favourite afternoon snack for the people of France. To make the home version, simply cut a baguette (French bread stick) into chunky slices, stick a few squares of chocolate (any kind, though preferably dark) into the bread and enjoy! Pain chocolat that is bought from shops or patisseries are considerably fancier. They are croissants that have been cooked with a long stick of chocolate almost baked in the middle. They are, simply put, delicious. Effulgent – bright or radiant. Rancor - deep anger and ill will Inclement - harsh; severe - especially said of the weather. Brobdingnagian - gigantic; enormous Eclectic – a style of decorating. The theory being, if you've got really fine pieces of furniture, it doesn't matter if they match or not, they will go together. Crepuscular – pertaining to twilight. Piquant – agreeably stimulating, interesting, or attractive.[Chapter 4] OMG Guys! I'm back! Words cannot express the remorse I feel for leaving this so long but please forgive me. Next chapter! Chapter 5: Aftermath When Mama Jeanne saw the two walk in, she knew immediately that something was wrong. Usually when they came home, Hugo and she came in laughing, talking, bantering, discussing, Hugo might have his arm around Isabelle's shoulders as he dictated a finer point. Today, as Hugo and Isabelle walked in, Hugo was making sure that they did not so much as touch. He took one look at Mama Jeanne and sped up the stairs. Isabelle and Mama Jeanne looked at each other. \"A Black day?\" the elder asked with concern. \"I don't know!\" Isabelle exclaimed with exasperation. \"Today was so good! More than good, it was spectacular! But now ...\" Isabelle looked about her, trying to find the words, a rare occurrence, and never a good sign. Mama Jeanne walked forwards and held Isabelle in a tight embrace. \"Come,\" she said firmly. \"You can tell me all about it as you help me with the vegetables,\" They started with the potatoes. \"What happened? Begin at the beginning, don't leave anything out,\" Isabelle contemplated as she brought out the chopping board and peeling knife. \"Today was barnburner*. Papa George let us have the day to ourselves,\" \"He what ?\" \"I know, it was strange, he said ... he said we couldn't spend the all our time in the shop, that we should enjoy the day ...\" Isabelle watched her hands, methodically rubbing the dirt off the new potatoes. \"We went out and saw a film. \"A Day at the Races,\" it was a lot of fun. Then it began to rain, and we ran into this haimish* little cafe. It was run by a lady, dressed all in pink –\" \"Pink?\" \"Pink. Have you ever thought about the word pink? It seems a bit rough, doesn't it, for its colour? I think it's the 'k' at the end. Blue suits blue, and black, black –\" \"Isabelle,\" interrupted Mama Jeanne gently, \"you're going off on a tangent,\" \"Oh,\" Isabelle shook her head gently, and realised that the potatoes were washed. \"I met her daughters and son, the eldest is my age, the youngest so sweet, and the son, Mama her son plays such beautiful music!\" Isabelle swirled effortlessly around the room. \"We danced and it was so perfect. A perfect harmony,\" Mama Jeanne watched her god-daughter glow in the spell of a memory. Then the moment passed, the glow faded and Isabelle stood facing her. Alone. \"And then it stopped. It was still so amazing even as Hugo and I were walking home, and then ... and then ...\" Mama Jeanne waited, all the appearance of calm and demeanour, but waiting impatiently. \"Oh Mama, I don't understand!\" Isabelle suddenly burst out. \"We were coming home and he was suddenly so cold, so distant. He didn't even look at me!\" Isabelle stared imploringly at her godmother, for an explanation. Why was Hugo suddenly so distant? \"My love,\" said Mama Jeanne, taking Isabelle once again into her arms. \"I believe Hugo is grieving again,\" Hugo raced up the stairs. He didn't want to see Isabelle's face a moment longer. It was dangerous. He pulled open his door and collapsed onto the bed. Breathing. In, out, in, out. Her voice floated up from the staircase. \"He didn't even look at me!\" Hugo turned over, pulling his pillow over his head. He didn't want to feel anymore, didn't want to listen anymore. He wanted oblivion. Because oblivion had to be better than this confusion. Slippers flapped up the stairs as Hugo raced up the stairs, trying to keep his balance and hold the present behind his back at the same time. He had to be careful not to drop it, but he couldn't let them see either. Hugo stopped, panting slightly, as he reached his parent's door. He took one hand and quickly pat his hair in place. He wanted to look his best. He reached up and opened the door, trying not to let it squeak. He peered in... Good. They were still asleep. He carefully placed the gift behind the door. Just in case. He leapt onto the bed. \" HAPPY BIRTHDAY MAMAN!\" \" mmmph, morning Hugo,\" his father mumbled into the pillow, but Maman* grabbed him, engulfing him in kisses. \" Thank you little poppet. Good morning to you too!\" \" Wait!\" Hugo squirmed. \"I made you a present!\" Maman snuggled into the five year old's shoulder. \"Cuddles first, presents later.\" Hugo wept himself to sleep. Ps. barnburner means \"something that is highly exciting or impressive\" and haimish (no it wasn't a spelling error!) means \"homey, cosy or unpretentious. I will update soon! (I promise, I've actually written the next chapter too!) Thanks for bearing (right bear? Idk ...) with me! mynameisqwerty[Chapter 5] Phew! Another one down. You'll probably notice that my stories come in dollops. Hope you like the new installment! Isabelle noticed the Black Days about a month after Hugo began living with them. They had been walking through the Botanical Gardens, in their first autumn together, as a family. A riot of firey colours surrounded Papa George, Mama Jeanne, Hugo and Isabelle. A kid brushed past them, running and laughing, swirling the fallen leaves into a frenzy, trying to catch them. A young couple had soon come into view, hand in hand, watching the child lovingly as the woman had contendedly rested her hand against the man's shoulder. Hugo, who had been in the middle of explaining how they could improve the automaton's hand movements, had stopped mid-flow. His hand, which had been demonstrating his point more than his words, slowly dropped to his sides as he watched the little family. That day too, he had raced up to his bedroom the moment they got home and stayed there for days, emerging only for meals, barely eating and not talking much to anybody. Mama Jeanne tried to explain it to her. \"Grief can be overpowering and can hit you at the strangest moments, you think you're ready to move forward, and then you smell something, or hear someone laugh, or think you see them in the crowd, and suddenly you can't breathe anymore,\" Isabelle opened her mouth, nearly interrupting her when Mama Jeanne continued. \"Don't forget my love, Hugo has lost both his parents, he will have very strong memories of both, then he was raised by that poor soul of an uncle. Hugo's soul is scarred, his heart is broken. It is our job now to help him to mend,\" Hugo's breathing slowed as his hand flew across the page. He tried to think as the movement of his hand became fluid and subconscious. He needed to think. He need to work this out. Before someone got hurt. Isabelle meant the world to him. She had saved his life in so many ways that year she had appeared, like a particularly loquacious angel, and completely changed his life. She was the one person he could count on for anything and everything. But thinking of her as anything more than a friend was dangerous. It was what he had sensed when he watched her dancing in the street. A slight tug in his stomach, the curves of a smile working their way on his face, looking at her. Because you never knew when someone could be wiped off the planet and disappear in the blink of an eye. Hugo didn't come down to dinner that night. He didn't come down for breakfast in the morning. He didn't eat lunch. Isabelle had never quite realised how much emotion could be charged by a closed door. Each time she passed his room, a new feeling would surface within her. Anger. Curiosity. Confusion. Pain. But every day the door was closed, and she dared not open it. Mama Jeanne had begun to bring Hugo's meals to him, and Isabelle wanted to scream, because the real Hugo was brave and clever. He was courageous, and he was able to make her smile whenever she was upset. He wasn't an empty shell who needed to have his meals taken to him. On the fifth day, Papa George talked to Hugo behind a closed door. On the sixth day, Papa George took him to a brass-smith, to help him choose some special gears for a new invention. On the seventh day, when Papa George and Isabelle were out getting lunch, Hugo got out of bed. He walked down to the train station, and let himself into the shop. And he began to tinker. To fiddle. To improve. To mend.[Chapter 6] Hello Everybody! I did it! I submitted another chapter! Thanks for all you're continuing support despite my inconsistant posting! Thanks a million again to everyone who said \"Keep writing!\" or \"You're a good writer,\" or \"please update\" you have no idea how much it means to me and encourages me to get off my lazy bum and keep writing! Shout outs: Lori: Thanks so much for your kind words! I agree it's pretty obvious that Hugo would be dealing with some level of depression, but for some reason it doesn't seem to occur to many other writers here ... hmm. And yes, don't worry, Isabelle is a VERY determined girl, there's no way she's letting Hugo go. C: Playwithfire97: Thank you for all your kind words, understanding and support! Dalianna: Your comment was \"short but gold\" too, and had me grinning from ear to ear. Thank you! XbreakingXpaintX: Thank you for comment it meant so much! The BFG: Thank you for all your praises! They had me glowing! My nickname used to be The BFG, I'm ridiculously tall *^^* Narnian Pirate: Thank you for continuing to read my story! I'm touched by your comments and continuing support! And now to the Story... Hugo still wouldn't look directly at Isabelle. Not for long. They would talk and it would almost be like old times, then he would check himself, and continue working, avoiding her glance for the rest of the day. Most days, exhausted and confused from being ignored all day, Isabelle would find herself wandering down to \"Le Petit Gateau.\" As Mrs Amantine tried to feed as many cakes into Isabelle as she possibly could (\"Too thin,\" she would exclaim, looking at Isabelle \"Too thin!\") Isabelle and Claire tried to figure out what had triggered Hugo's brief depression, why Hugo still wasn't talking to her properly, and what Isabelle could do to get him back to normal as quickly as possible. This last one, Claire insisted, was particularly urgent for all parties involved. Not only for Isabelle and her suffering family, but also for Claire, who, she said, was being driven near insanity by Flora's constant queries as to when the \"Nice Magician Hugo\" would be coming back. Hugo was locking up the shop when he felt someone behind him. He knew who it would be, it had to be her. He wasn't ready to face her, but turned in spite of himself. \"Isa – oh,\" \"Hello Hugo,\" It was Romilda. Isabelle stirred her coffee nonchalantly, staring into the creamy, dark substance. Benjamin's playing was slow and morose today. How fitting. Claire leant forward, over her steaming croissant, and took her hand. \"It's going to be all right,\" Romilda's face filled his vision, her perfume – a light rosy kind of smell – was nice but still slightly overpowering. Her face – with perfect make-up – was waiting expectantly. He realised she was expecting him to answer her. \"Er – Hello, Romilda,\" She smiled sweetly, showing perfect teeth. \"How are you? I haven't seen you in days!\" \"Oh, well ... um\" Hugo stalled for time, \"I was ... um, working, at home,\" It wasn't lying exactly ... He had been working, on a very, very big problem. \"Hmm,\" Romilda looked concerned, \"Well, I just came over to apologise for the other day,\" \"What?\" asked Hugo, nonplussed. \"Those little tin soldiers, I didn't mean to startle you,\" \"Oh,\" Hugo nodded. It was coming back to him now. \"That's all right.\" \"No, it wasn't,\" Romilda tucked a lock of chocolate hair behind her pale ear, revealing a delicate silver earring. \"You lost a lot of time and money because of me, let me make it up to you,\" \"Hmm,\" Hugo nodded assent, slightly nervous, he had a vague idea where this was leading. \"Let me take you out sometime,\" Isabelle and Claire laughed as they watched Madame Amantine chase Benji chasing Flora around the patisserie. Benjamin, sick and tired of playing the piano \"for the customers,\" when the only \"customer\" was Isabelle, had started to chase Flora around the cafe instead. Madame Amantine, trying to display all her qualities as a matriarch, had ended up hitching up her skirts and chasing after her offspring. The bell tinkled and everyone quickly snapped to attention as Flora ran and hid behind Claire. Isabelle's heart sank to new lows as Romilda and her posse flounced confidently through the walnut door. They couldn't be here. Shouldn't be here. Not this place. Her one and only sanctuary. Isabelle kept her head low, her eyes not leaving her coffee. Claire looked from the posse to her friend and seemed to understand immediately, turning her back on the new arrivals. Romilda and the others could hardly fail to notice her, the only other customer, but it seemed they had other things on their mind. \"That was amazing Romilda, you handled him so well,\" gushed one girl. \"Yeah, you were great, Romilda,\" said another. \"He'll be yours in no time,\" This comment came from a blonde girl with a complicated and elaborate hairstyle that did not entirely hide the face that her golden hair was quite thin and wispy. Romilda took a seat elegantly and waved at the other girls to sit down as well, as if she were used to being showered with unending compliments. She probably was. Isabelle wondered what poor boy had been snatched into her clutches this time. \"Please girls,\" Romilda drawled. \"Enough,\" The others were instantly silenced. Mrs Amantine bustled over to them asking them what they'd each like to eat. Romilda gave her a cold look. \"We'll each have a cup of your finest coffee,\" she said, not bothering to consult the others, \"no milk and no sugar,\" Mrs Amantine went to the back of the shop, not quite as bustle-y as before, a slightly forlorn look on her face. Claire gave a disgusted noise and put on a face. \" \"No milk and no sugar,\" Honestly! What are they expecting to find in a patisserie? Salad? Fruit that's not covered in sugar and surrounded by pastry?\" Isabelle nodded in agreement. Romilda was talking again. \"Trust me, girls, in a few days, Hugo will be as good as mine,\" Isabelle stood up so suddenly her coffee knocked over, spilling it's contents all over the table. She took one look at Romilda and stormed out of the cafe. Romilda and the other girls looked at each other, giggling behind their hands. Claire stood up as well, looking up in concern as her friend disappeared down the street, as brown liquid slowly seeped through the table cloth and dripped to the floor. Hugo was tinkering with the automaton. A bottle of oil and gears were spread all over the holey, intricate lace covering a little table next to him in the living room as he carefully screwed the little man's elbow tighter. Even after all these years, the machine needed checking up and improvements almost every week. There was always something that needed doing. Hugo didn't mind. He almost took comfort in it. The front door slammed and Hugo jumped, glad his hand was outside the machinery. Isabelle appeared, hands on either side of the doorway, her face streaked with tears. Hugo stood up in concern. \"Isabelle, what –?\" \"How could you?\" \"What?\" \"How could you go out with that – that creature ?\" Hugo was thoroughly confused now. What was Isabelle talking about? Isabelle was breathing heavily, but had calmed down enough now that she could see how lost Hugo was. She closed her eyes, trying to clear her head. \"Romilda,\" \"Ooh.\" Isabelle watched as Hugo made the connection. \"No, but, Isabelle, no! It's not like that! She wants to apologise for the tin soldiers. That's all it is!\" Isabelle stood there, arms crossed, wondering whether she should push it or not. Was that really all Hugo saw in this? \"Well ... alright, I guess, if that's all she wants,\" Even though she knew very well it wasn't all that Romilda wanted. She looked at him a moment longer. \"You better pack that up soon,\" she said, sounding a little more like the Isabelle he knew, \"If Mama Jeanne finds out you've been working on the automaton without a protective mat again, you're done for,\" Hugo nodded and gave her a grateful smile, which she returned tiredly, as she went upstairs. He had thought the reason behind Romilda's request had been entirely innocent. But now Hugo wondered. What was really on Romilda's mind? And why had Isabelle reacted so violently when she found out that Romilda had asked him? Hugo sighed and stared at the wall trying to answer his own questions as the clock on the mantelpiece ticked by ... \"HUGO CABRET!\" Mama Jeanne's furious voice broke through Hugo's thoughts. Hugo jumped out of his seat, realising too late that Mama Jeanne was back and he still had not packed up the automaton. He looked at her guiltily. \"Hugo, I swear, if I find that thing , any of it's parts or, heaven forbid, any oil in or on any of my living room, I will confiscate your toolbox for a month and you can pay for any of the damages that god-forsaken oil will have left on my furniture!\" \"Yes Madame. Sorry Madame,\" She shook her head as he quickly packed everything up and sped upstairs. Hugo caught a glimpse of Papa George's face before he scampered up to his room. The cheeky old man was chuckling to himself. So whadya think? Comments and reviews always appriciated ... mynameisqwerty C;[Chapter 7] Hi Guys! Next chapter's up, but I'm not too sure about it. I took a lot of time reading and rewriting and editing this one. It still seems a bit too emotional. First a bit too sappy and then too ... um... intense, I guess. But it's your verdict. As always feedback is always greatly appriciated. Shout outs: Mogi93: Thanks so much for your comment. Had me laughing and exclaiming with accomplishment. I wasn't sure I'd pulled off the whole Mama Jeanne/Papa George moment but you have set my doubts at rest. THANK YOU! and yes, Isabelle is very jealous! Ha ha! hope you like the next chapter! Ellis: I was incredibly touched by your comment that mine was 'the only fan fiction pieces that are actually good in the Hugo section' I am so thankful for your support! StelzaRinator: Oh yes! I see Hugo as a very complex and mixed up character. Extremely innocent in some areas, but all too mature in others, as you'll see in this chapter... TheBFG: Hurray for abnormally tall people! Concerning the whole 'madam/mama' matter, what I was trying to bring across was Hugo surprised into a sense of formality. He would usually call Mama Jeanne ... Mama Jeanne, but he was shocked and caught guiltily that he reverted back to politeness, sort of like \"Yes ma'am, sorry ma'am,\" Thanks for your comment and support! Narnian Pirate: I'm glad to see your getting so involved in my version of the characters (and that you think they're good too!) Thanks again! LuMenzenga: Thank you! Yes. When I first saw that there was a Hugo section here I was SHOCKED to see no Hugo/Isabella, it's one of the reasons I started this whole story in the first place. Lots of people are saying it's cute how innocent Hugo is, but I prefer to see him as innocent in some areas, you'll see the other side of him in this chapter (though he's still a bit awkward C; )... Isabelle watched the rain splatter itself against her bedroom window as she listened to the radio, crackly and sounding far-off, though it was right beside her on her bedside table. \"And a reminder to all our listeners that the rain is unlikely to stop for some time, so remember to stay indoors as much as possible,\" Isabelle rolled over on her bed, trying to get comfortable. It was no use. She couldn t sleep. No matter how warm she felt, how cosy she felt, how safe she should have felt, she could not get rid of the slow nausea that threatened to flood her stomach. It was always the same in this kind of weather. Fear. Slowly she got up and drifted across to her bookshelf, perhaps if she read, if she escaped into the world of a book, she could calm down enough to fall asleep. Her fingers flickered over the various spines of her favourite books, a kind of serenity already spreading through her, calming her beating heart. A flash of light illuminated the room momentarily and Isabelle scampered back to her bed, book in hand, already under the covers before the roll of thunder hit the room. She tried to relax and enjoy her book but just as she felt herself drifting to sleep a crash of thunder woke her with a jolt. Breakfast the next morning was an almost silent affair. No one had gotten much sleep last night, as was always the case when these violent storms came. The constant weather meant everyone was kept indoors that day, and as the thunder and lightning continued through the day Hugo thought he saw Isabelle flinch every so often, dark circles tracing her eyes. The day past in a tired daze for Isabelle who, with no sleep the night before, became snappish and irritable. That night too, she tried to read but her attention span shortened as the rain lengthened, her eyes begging for release before being jerked awake by the sound like a shotgun, and Isabelle soon found that none of her own books could hold her attention. On the third night, after finding no book in her own room could hold sway against her, Isabelle, desperate, her mind clouded by lack of sleep, snuck down the corridor and crept into Hugo s room. Perhaps one of his books could entice her. She crept past his bed, where he slept, dead to the world. He was curled over to face the wall, his gentle snores filling the room, his quilt twisted around him. She envied him. She squinted at the books on his shelf. Unlike her own bookcase, Hugo s bookshelf was messy and disorganised. Her books were carefully placed up-right, squished next to each other for want of space and set alphabetically. Hugo s books had been stashed unceremoniously on top of one another, Verne right next to Proust, with no discernible order at all. His paperbacks were dog-eared and various screws, gears and tools were scattered over and in between the novels. Isabelle squinted, trying to see through the dark and her own tiredness. \"Isabelle,\" the murmur woke Isabelle more thoroughly than anything. Hugo had turned to face her, his face hidden in shadow. Isabelle froze, her hands on a book entitled Les Contes de la Mythologie Grecque * and she knew she had been caught. Seconds that lasted eternities passed as she watched his body rise slowly, and then slump sharply back down to his pillow. Isabelle breathed again. He was still asleep. He had only muttered her name in his sleep. She quietly continued to the door. She was almost out when she heard him mumble her name again. Confident this time, she continued on her way. \"Isabelle, what are you doing in my room?\" She stood there. Ghostlike in her pale nightgown, her skin deathly pale against her flushed cheeks and eyes now completely rimmed in darkness. \"Isabelle,\" Hugo repeated, his voice clearer now, unclouded by sleep, \"What are you doing in my room?\" Isabelle turned slowly to face him. She looked flustered, as if searching for an answer, when a flash of lightning broke across the room and she cringed again, as he had seen her do before. Hugo got up, he looked from the window to Isabelle, tired but also with concern. \"Are you afraid of storms?\" She avoided his gaze. \"Not storms. Lightning. And the thunder keeps me up,\" \"But these storms have been going on for - are you telling me you haven t slept for three nights?\" She stared at him now, biting the lower corner of her lip nervously. \"Maybe,\" He looked out at the rain, shaking his head slightly, \"and you ve been reading all this time ... because you can t sleep ...\" Isabelle nodded again, watching carefully for his reaction, as he continued to stare out the window. The pale glow of the outside streetlamps lit his face, the rain-stained window casting glimmering shadows across his face, giving the illusion that the water outside was speckled across his face, almost like tears. He seemed lost in thought, contemplating something. She flinched again as another flash of lightning made its way across the room. His eyes flickered back to her face, uneasy. \"Do you want to try to sleep here? I mean, in my bed. With me. Would that help?\" He was looking up at her, through his eyelashes, and at that moment he looked so nervous, so afraid that she might reject him, might take his request the wrong way, so striking that she almost ran up to him and hugged him, right there and then. As it was, she contained herself to a small smile, and she saw the tension in his shoulders relax instantly. \"I think it might help,\" she said softly, \"That's what I used to do when I was younger, I used to sleep in Mama Jeanne and Papa George s bed. I thought I had gotten over it. I thought I wasn t afraid anymore, but the truth is that there simply hasn't been a storm as tempestuous* as this one in years. I didn t want to go in there this time, though, because I thought ...\" she faltered, \"I thought they might think ...\" \"That seventeen was too old to be afraid of lightning,\" Hugo supplied for her, and she nodded. He stared at her and then said suddenly, \"There are some things, I think, that you can't outgrow,\" and she smiled at him gratefully. He turned towards his bed and got in, then twisted back towards her, opening the quilt to her. \"So, um, do you want to get in?\" She nodded. The bed dipped slightly, and then, suddenly, she was right there, right there in front of him. Her eyes had circles so dark they looked bruised, and somehow the deep contrasts that created in her face, even though he knew she wasn't well, made her even more beautiful than usual. Not that he allowed himself to think like that often. However, he knew he needed to ask one more question if he was going to get any sleep tonight. \"Why?\" \"Hmm,\" Already she seemed calmer, as she closed her eyes. \"Why are you afraid of lightning?\" She opened her eyes with a shudder. \"It's the idea of what lightning can do more than anything else. It s so sudden and unpredictable. It only appears for a second, but that second can kill someone. With no warning. That scares me. Even when I m safe, it terrifies me,\" Hugo nodded as he felt her shift her body, so that she was cocooned in his arms. \"I ...\" He began, but he was broken off by the soft, steady breathing of Isabelle. Already, she had fallen asleep. He gave a small half-smile down at her, glad she had found peace and she could sleep at last. He was almost glad she had fallen asleep before he spoke. He hadn t been completely sure he was ready to tell Isabelle his own fear that night, and now, he didn t have to. Still, however unbidden, the thought of them came to them. The one thing he hated above all else, for all the memories they brought. Rats. \"Papa! Papa! Papa! It's here! It's here! Come on!\" Papa came through the door, walking. Not running like Hugo expected him to. But by then it was too late. \"You missed it. It ran away again!\" Hugo crossed his arms and frowned at his Papa. It was his fault. Papa, instead of looking ashamed like he should, grinned down at him. \"You know Hugo, all small creatures will run away if large creatures are being particularly noisy. You must be careful and quiet, like the creature you are seeking. Not jump and shout like an elephant. Think how small it is compared to you.\" Hugo looked down at his shoes, ashamed. \"Sorry Papa. I just thought we might have been able to get it this time.\" It's all right. But come, I have something to show you,\" Hugo followed his father down into the basement cellar. A small hole had been made in the wall. Papa put his finger to his lips and Hugo nodded understanding. Hugo leant forward to see through the hole ... and leapt back, disgusted. \"Papa! There are little monsters in there!\" And there again, Papa was trying to hide his laughter. Hugo frowned at him. Papa's face straightened. \"Those are not monsters, Hugo! Those are rats! Baby rats with their mother. Do you see? That rat we see above in our house is father to all these. He is the provider. If we kill him, then the whole family would die,\" Hugo frowned. \"Would that really be a bad thing. I don t like rats that much,\" \"Hugo. No matter how much we might dislike something, that dislike does not give us the right to kill it. Every soul on this earth has a story and a family, no matter how small they are. Or ugly. Or scary. Or just because we are bigger than they are.\" Hugo was feeling uncomfortable again. But he still wasn't too keen on the idea of having a family of rats living with them. \"Could we just remove them then?\" Hugo asked. \"Would that be okay? Take them out to a forest or something? Where do rats live anyway?\" Papa smiled at him. \"Yes, I think that would be okay. Let's see if we can catch that other one. Just catch, mind you - Hugo! But he was already racing up the stairs. Hugo smiled at the memory. He realised he had been gently tracing Isabelle s outline in the dark. Her hair, her cheek, her shoulder, all gently coming under his touch. He drew his hand back. He looked about the room, empty and dark, thinking of his father. The Provider. He had died. And so too, just as he had said, a part of Hugo had died with him. Never to return. Never again would he be as innocent and carefree as he had once been. Hugo closed his eyes in pain and guilt as he thought back to those first months with his uncle. How he would rather spend his pay-checks on his drinks, which he found harder to steal than food. Or rather, he taught Hugo to steal for him. How his uncle, once the food was in his grasp, would guard it, putting locks on all the food cupboards, keeping the key, delegating food rather than letting Hugo choose it for himself. How he had punished Hugo for letting so much as a crust of bread out in the open unprotected, usually with a beating. How he hadn t understood. Hugo was organising the jars on the bench when he heard a scuffle to his right. A sort of scratching sound. He turned and saw a rat. A rat so painfully thin that its ribs were showing and little tufts of fur was missing from its coat. Pity swelled in him for the creature. Hugo took out a crust of bread from his pocket, which he had been planning on eating later when he was doing his evening rounds of the clocks. Deciding the rat needed it more than he did, he carefully knelt down and carefully tossed it to the middle of the floor. The rat bounded to a corner, but then carefully, cautiously, it weaved its way towards the bread. It sniffed it tentatively. And then suddenly grabbed it in its jaws and scampered away. The rat came back the next day. And the next. And the next. Slowly but surely getting better. Hugo grew fond of the little creature. It was playful and adventurous and soon grew to trust him. One evening, as Hugo was kneeling down, now able to feed the rat out of his hand, his uncle came back. Earlier than usual. Hugo watched fearfully as his uncle stood there, not moving, filling the doorway. In a sudden jerkish movement his uncle swooped down and grabbed the rat. Around the belly and under the legs so that it couldn t bite him. He walked back out again, and Hugo did not know he wanted him to follow until his uncle yelled back at him. \"Come boy! Come see what happens to parasites like this!\" They walked and walked. Right down to the River Seine. Hugo stamped his feet in the cold and dark. His uncle looked down at him. His eyes were full of quiet fury and Hugo wondered what would happen next. Then his uncle threw his rat out into the river. Hugo cried out but his uncle held him back. \"Don't be a fool, boy! Do you want to drown for a rat!\" But Hugo continued to bend and squirm, trying to get free, but it was too late. He watched as the rat twist in the dark water. Squealing terrified as the water engulfed the small body. Hugo slumped, his energy gone. His uncle let go of him and began walking back towards the station. After a long time, Hugo followed him. When he got back his uncle was waiting for him. \" How much food did you waste on that creature?\" Hugo looked up at him, his face streaked with tears. He did not answer. His uncle got up. \" I asked you how much food did you waste, boy!\" Still he would not answer. His uncle turned his back on him and brought out a loaf of bread, tearing of a small chunk. \" This much?\" He asked holding the piece out for Hugo to see. Hugo stared at him a moment longer before saying softly, voice hoarse, \" About that,\" \" About that, eh? For how long?\" \" About that every day, once a day, for two weeks,\" His uncle nodded again. His face looked deep in thought. Hugo wondered what was coming next. \" Well,\" his uncled said suddenly, \"Best be getting to bed Hugo. You've got a big day tommorrow.\" The next day, his uncle handed him his breakfast. It was the knob of bread he had broken off the loaf the night before. Hugo looked up at his uncle confused, but his uncle looked straight back, as if saying, ' Well, are you going to eat it?' Hugo ate it. That day, his uncle didn t give him lunch or dinner. Hugo collapsed into his bed, exhausted from his day of work. The next morning his uncle gave him breakfast again. A small knob of bread. And again, he would not give Hugo any lunch or dinner. Day after day Hugo pushed through his exhaustion. Climbing all the stairs of the train station, winding the clocks. Sleeping whenever he could to preserve his energy. Day after day it went on, until, two weeks later, his uncle didn' t give him breakfast. Hugo looked at him in protest. His eyes were almost bug-like in his face, he had lost so much weight. But his uncle either ignored him, or took no notice. That day Hugo didn' t return until late. He didn' t see the point. After he had finished the clocks he knew his uncle would feed him no lunch, and so he climbed to the tallest tower, looking out on Paris and wondering what on earth he was doing there, when all he felt like was an extra part. In the end though, he had to come down. He couldn' t sleep there. When he opened the door he nearly cried out in joy. On the table, untouched and at his place, was an entire loaf of bread. He raced to the place. Then looked up at his uncle, would he allow it? But the bread must have been put there by him, and his uncle gestured for him to go ahead. Hugo eagerly sat down and began tearing at the bread, slightly stale though it was, he felt he had never had anything so delicious. His uncle watched him almost hungrily. \" Now you know,\" He said softly. \"Don't ever feed a rat. It will always come back for more.\" The bread suddenly felt dry in his mouth. Hugo looked down at Isabelle, unshed tears glistening in his eyes. But he would not cry. Carefully, so as not to wake her, he put his arms around Isabelle and held her. Because she was here. She had found him . She had taken him away from that place. She saw him for all that he was, all that he could be. It was at that moment, so long ago, two weeks after his rat had drowned, that Hugo first began to see how his uncle saw him. A rat. A parasite. Indeed, he believed the only reason his uncle hadn't gotten rid of him, the only reason he had come to fetch him in the first place, was that Hugo could do things for him. Like doing the clocks and stealing their food. Things that put his uncle in the line of fire. So ... whadya think? Heavy huh? Any thoughts on the uncle and his tactics? Also I've been thinking people could start suggesting unusual words for me to use for Isabelle. Just put your suggestions in with your comment and review! Special words: + Les Contes de la Mythologie Grecque - this is French for \"T he Tales of Greek Mythology.\" It is a homage to the original book \" The Invention of Hugo Cabret\" by Brian Selznick where Isabelle' s (and then Hugo' s) favourite book is one of Greek Mythology. + tempestuous means tumultuous, turbulent, of the nature or resembling a tempest.[Chapter 8] I'm BACK! Soz it took so long to upload the chapter ... again. I was at a loss. I didn't know how I could top the last chapter and I had NO IDEA what should happen in the morning. I literally sat with a pencil in my hand ( momentarily off-topic: I write my stories in pencil then type them up, it just seems to flow better when I do, odd huh?) Anyway, I was sitting with a pencil in my hand having intense internal conversations in my head, that went something like this - Should Mama Jeanne walk in on them? Or Papa George? Or BOTH? or Neither ... Maybe it would be better to have a cute morning moment ... and yet ... GAH! - ... and so it went on. I finally bought the Hugo DVD though, and rewatched it. (The awesomeness had not faded! C: ) and that gave me a bubbling bunch of ideas sooooooooooooooo I should be pretty good now, probably ... ^^' Shoutouts: Mogi93: Thanks so much for those unusual words. I've written them down in a list that I add to when I find odd words and yours were great. I particularly liked the one about people covered in dust ... I'll have to work that one in somewhere ... and yes, my Hugo is incredibly sweet C: Guest: WHO ARE YOU?! You left that gorgeous incredibly long review and you didn't leave your NAME! I don't even know if you'll read this! If you are reading this, I would just like to say that I was incredibly touched by your kind words and that I didn't mind the length of your review at all! (In fact I wish others were as lengthy as you!) I completely empathise with you on the Asa front. He's so Gorgeous. dark hair, blue eyes, pale skin AND GLASSES for the win! I cannot WAIT untill Ender's Game comes out in Feb next year. Gah! As for Romilda, I don't think I could push her in front of a bus, especially with what I've got planned for her (wait in patience my sweet, WHA HA HA ... C: ) This one is pretty long, and it's quite fluffy so I hope you're satisfied. Thanks again, mynameisqwerty Dalianna: Your comments had me grinning from ear to ear, thank you. I'm writing my story as I go, so I sort of go where IT leads ME. I watched the film, Loved it, did a bit of research and this story sort of formed itself. I had the basic plot by the end of that week, but there's been a heap of surprises already (I didn't expect Romilda to come back, for instance). I basically have a skeleton of plot points that I update every chapter and fill in the rest as I write it. Hope this answers your question! Thanks for reading. UNOmavs: Please please! For my sake, PLEASE don't look every day. I would hate to think of someone out there checking that often when I update so infrequently and um ... dollopy ... please. restrain yourself to once a week at least. please. that's five pleases. take note. TheBFG: I was trying to indicate that wasn't exactly RATS that were Hugo's fear, but the memories they envoke. Sorta like Harry Potter being afraid of fear itself. TO THE STORY! When Mama Jeanne woke that morning the first thing she noticed was the golden, watery sunlight streaming in through the window, illuminating the room in a game of shadows. The storm was over. She sighed gently with relief and got out of bed, careful not to wake her husband, who was turned the other way, as she moved toward the armoire. It was early yet and nobody else would be awake. She slipped on a black dress, polka-dotted with small white spots, bought years ago at a Wednesday Market Day. She then went upstairs to check on her charges, as she often did in the morning before starting to make breakfast for the family. She had been worried about Isabelle lately. Jeanne knew her dislike for storms, and had seen in Isabelle's face that she had not been sleeping lately. Carefully, she pushed open the door. The room was empty. The bed had been left unmade. Books were scattered across the floor. Mama Jeanne stood, one hand gripping either side of the doorway, her left higher than her right. Where was she? She swept a glance around the room once more, then looked out along the landing. Hugo's door, which he always closed at night, was ajar. She made her way to his room, perhaps a little less carefully than before. She peered in. Hugo was in bed. He wasn't alone. His arms were wrapped in a careful embrace around Isabelle, whose head rested on his chest. Isabelle looked more peaceful than Mama Jeanne had ever seen her. Hugo too, looked calmer, now she came to think of it. Quietly, she closed the door on them. She was very glad it had been she, and not George who had found them. All the same, it was better to ensure that Papa George did not go up until Isabelle came down. There was no doubt in her mind that Hugo and Isabelle's night together had been completely innocent, but she could not vouch that Papa George would not jump to conclusions the moment he saw them both together. She made her way downstairs and began to prepare her family's breakfast, so that it would be hot when they came down. . Papa George had already been awake when his wife got out of bed. Not wishing to worry her, he had pretended to be asleep. George Melies was tired. Fatigued was a better word. He shouldn't be. By all accounts he had had a good night's sleep, but the thought of getting up made him want to bury himself deeper and deeper under the quilt. He roused himself eventually, his feet fumbling over each other as he made his way to the ensuite bathroom. He splashed a little water over his face, hoping to wake himself up. He inspected himself in the mirror, it's edges speckled lightly with black spots. Dewdrops of water clung to his beard. His face had a rouge quality that will have died down by mid-morning. And ... was it his imagination ... or was there a slight yellow tinge to his eyes ... . Isabelle woke up sleepily, she felt deliciously warm. She suddenly gave a start as she realised where she was. He head was full of Hugo's musky, sweet scent as she looked up at him from his chest. She hadn't dreamt at all last night, but she didn't mind, and now she felt refreshed and rejuvenated. Ready to start a new day. It slowly entered Isabelle's head that she didn't know what time it was, and that worried her for a moment. She looked over to a pocket watch, hung on a leather strap on the wall, a habit Hugo had retained from his days in the walls. Seven o'clock. Wanting to stay, but knowing breakfast would soon be ready (she could already begin to smell it) she got out of Hugo's bed. She folded the quilt back over him, and stood up, looking at his face. Then, on impulse, she bent over and kissed him swiftly on the forehead. She straightened slowly, a faint tinge gently spreading through her cheeks, as she walked out the door towards her own room to get dressed and ready for the day, confident that neither Mama Jeanne nor Papa George knew about what had happened the night before. However, from that moment Isabelle knew. That she was irrevocably, irretrievably, deeply in love. . Hugo woke to find his bed disappointingly empty. He had hoped to find Isabelle still lying there. Still, he supposed, better to not have her found here. He got out of bed, the wafting smell of breakfast already enticing him downstairs. He dressed quickly and, hands in pockets, he went down the stairs in a kind of gambling gait. While usually mornings were a tired and irritable blur for Hugo, this morning he was feeling uncharacteristically optimistic. \"Particularly chipper,\" his mother would have called it. He came in the kitchen and kissed Mama Jeanne on the cheek. \"Morning Hugo,\" Mama Jeanne said, surprised. There was something else in her gaze as well, but Hugo did not stop to contemplate it as he grabbed an apple and sat down opposite Isabelle. Time, which had seemed a little fast ever since he woke, slowed to normal pace once more as they stared at each other, eye contact broken only by Mama Jeanne's arm as she set crepes at each of their plates. . Mama Jeanne looked between the two, unnoticed by either, curious, could she say even slightly excited, as to what the day would bring. Sooooooooooooooooooooooooooo ooooooooooooooooooooooooooo Whadya think?[Chapter 9] THIS IS A PSA: This work, whilst unfinished, is not abandoned. It has been put aside for the minute as the author is writing a real, actual, life-size, hold-in-your-hands, honest-to-goodness book. Like actually. Please don't lose hope. I WILL FINISH. Other things are happening, but I will finish Hugo and Isabelle's story. THIS HAS BEEN YOUR PSA. Peace out, mynameisqwerty ","Summary":" A/N: Hi everyone! Haven't uploaded in AGES! This is the first in afew stories I have planned for Hu"},{"Movie":"Imagine Me & You","Title":"The Everpresent Ghost","Author":"No Fate 1990","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7227649","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Luce's p.o.v You want someone to love you, here I am, your best friend. I'm here, I am always here for you to hold you up like a cross. You trust me with your secrets so I don't understand why we can't be more than just friends. I wish you would notice me and admire my beauty instead of being blinded by fear. Invincible, I am a ghost that is living in the shadows waiting to receive some tender loving care. If walls could talk, they would speak of my love for you. Hopefully, one of these days you will realize that you belong with me.[Chapter 2] Song: Let me go by Avril Lavigne Love that once hung on the wall used to mean something but now it means nothing the echoes are gone in the hall but I still remember the pain of December oh there isn't one thing left you could say I'm sorry its too late Luce: Slowly slipping away from view, hazel eyes. A world apart, rivers of sorrow separate us today and tomorrow. Everywhere I am, there you'll be also in my mind. All day long, you remain out of my reach. Lights off, my friend, goodbye for now. Who will save your soul? Always and forever, missing in action, you are incognito. Still the same as yesterday, my heart bleeds for you. I'm breaking free from these memories gotta let it go just let it go I've said goodbye set it all on fire gotta let it go just let it go Rachel: Wailing western wall, inevitable fall from grace. Last breath of life, last call for inner peace. One bittersweet symphony, weary dreary irony. Early winter tragedy, everlasting mourning ritual. Pandemonium, reign over me. A stillborn dream, yesterday's passion, one less prayer offered up to heaven. Unraveling, I come undone and the ocean devours me. You came back to find I was gone and that place is empty like the hole that was left in me like we were nothing at all its not you meant to me thought we were meant to be oh there isn't one thing left you could say I'm sorry its too late Luce: Alone and lost in the woods without a guiding light, breathe in confusion. Uninvited unwanted ghostly presence, smoke and mirrors. Everpresent mountains stand in the way of blessings. Everlasting setbacks complicate things even more. Down Down everything goes. I'm breaking free from these memories gotta let it go just let it go I've said goodbye set it all on fire gotta let it go just let it go Rachel: Space in between us, ignorance and avoidance. Liberate our minds and souls, eternal burning flames of passionate love, newborn infinite divinity. Call me maybe. Ethereal angel eyes, where on earth is your sanctuary? Runaway with my bleeding heart, aurora. Salvation of one is all that matters in the end. Enchanted restless satellites pass me by while I remain stuck at a crossroads. I let it go and now I know a brand new life this tale is rude where its right you always know so this time I won't let go there's only one thing left here to say love is never too late Luce: Tiresome fray, I am tangled up in you. Release me please. Even if you claim to be my friend, your actions say something different. Sailing away, you leave me hanging. One day you will learn from your mistakes or maybe not. My heart bleeds in your absence. Even if I bring my share to the table, you are missing in action. Many days and nights, I wait for you to come around. Over the moon, patience resides. Restored, grace meets us at the crossroads. You and I have so much history that is impossible to just end everything. I've broken free from those memories I've let it go I've let it go and two goodbyes lend you this new life don't let me go don't let me go Rachel: Moving forward no matter what, open your eyes, tomorrow. Through the barricades, inner strength sees beyond the chaos and confusion. ON the road again, no more sorrow. What is this feeling known as joy? And the beat goes on nevertheless. Ready for a change, a resolution is on the horizon. Dance into the sunlight, contentment. Don't let me go, don't let me go, don't let me go, don't let me go, won't let you go, don't let me go Luce: One day, we'll meet face to face if it will be here on earth or in heaven. Constant companion of mine, express yourself and I won't judge you. Artistic genius, newborn dreamer. All the small things that you do matter. Rescue me and paint my skies blue. Nevertheless oceans apart, I miss you always and forevermore.[Chapter 3] Scene: The park Event: The break up Luce (sitting down on the bench beside Rachel): What was so important that you needed to tell me? Rachel (shows Luce her engagement ring): I am engaged Luce (shocked): What?! How?! When?! Rachel (looks down at her ring): I have been engaged for exactly four months Luce (shocked): We had plans. I thought you loved me. Why didn't you tell me about your engagement earlier? Rachel (choked up): I feared your reaction Luce: I have been good to you. You were my first love. Whats wrong with me? Am I not good or pretty enough? Rachel: You are perfect just the way you are. Better opportunities are ahead for me. Luce: Are you engaged to a man or a woman? Rachel: I am engaged to a man. Luce (confused): I am confused. I thought you were gay. What are you doing with a man? Rachel (touching her stomach): I am pregnant Luce (fighting back tears): I am truly happy for you. Goodluck with all your endeavors. Rachel: You can come to the wedding if you want to Luce (beginning to leave the park): I'll pass Rachel (going her own separate way): Before we were lovers, we were friends. We should never lose sight of that. (Emotional, Luce hugs Rachel goodbye then joins her mother for dinner) Scene: Luce's mother's house Event: Dinner (Action: Somber, Luce plays around with her food) Luce's mother (concerned): Sweetheart, you are not eating your food. Whats the matter? Luce (crying): Rachel broke up with me. She is pregnant and engaged to a man. Luce's mother: Don't you worry, child. You will find love again someday. Luce (sniffling): I want to have a baby Luce's mother (shocked): What?! Luce: I am planning to visit the sperm bank tomorrow. I know the idea is crazy, but I need something to fill the void in my heart. Luce's mother: You are rushing into parenthood too quickly. Children are not toys. ON the other hand, Its your life and freewill. You have my support no matter what. Luce: Thanks Scene: The Next Day-The Sperm bank Event: Luce is picking out her sperm donor Luce (looks at a picture of a handsome man): I like him because he is handsome. His blue eyes and blonde hair appeals to me.I want his sperm. Doctor: Alright..I will deliver it to you (As promised, Luce receives the sperm a few days later. The rest is history)[Chapter 4] Place: Luce's mom's house Scenario: Luce announces her pregnancy to her mom over dinner Luce (ecstatic): Mom, I am pregnant! Luce's Mom (angry): I can't believe you went through with artificial insemination! Luce (choked up): You are going to be a grandma. I thought you would be happy. Luce's mom: Do you want to have a baby because you are lonely or you believe you are ready for one? Luce (defensive): Why does the motive matter? Luce's mom: Your emotional and mental wellbeing matters to me Luce: So do I have your blessing? Luce's mom: I am still uncertain Action: Emotional, Luce runs out of her mother's house. She visits the park where she sits down on a bench and continues to cry. Luce's mom (sitting down on the bench): I don't support your decision, but I am happy for you Luce: I have my first ultrasound test in a few weeks. You can come if you want to. Luce's mom (squeezing Luce's hand): I'll be there, honey[Chapter 5] Luce's p.o.v Constantly busy, life keeps on getting in the way of our reconciliation. Gone without a trace, your face remains hidden from me. Forever passses before I can see the sun again. I miss being in your presence so much. Your absence is felt everywhere. This distance between us is unbearable. Sometimes you need breathing space and I understand. My friend, I send you greetings from a far away place. Time after time, you find me and keep my needs in mind. It is only in my mind that we will reach the end of the road someday. It is only in my mind that you will leave me behind to grieve alone. As for right now, you like me and the feeling is mutual. Dancing in the moonlight, we are as tight as a rockband that is jamming out on the world's stage.[Chapter 6] Change catches me off guard Rescue me, sweet remedy Undying is this depressing feeling of uncertainty Show me how to live, liberty and serenity Holding back tears, I am content with whatever All the small things I do matter to you Keep me in your heart for a while because I love your smile Echoes of what could've should've would've been endure the test of time Nevertheless God is not done with us yet[Chapter 7] Sacrilege The art of love ON the outside looking in Modern day sacrificial lamb Angel of the womb Chaos speaks louder than words Human nature stands in the way of forgiveness Enjoy the silence, violated grace underpressure All good things come to an end Real life fairytales don't exist anymore Twist of fate, procreation lives on forever[Chapter 8] Time Period: Post \"the breakup\". Luce wanted to have a baby, therefore she did artificial insemination. Situation: Luce has a miscarriage Scene: Luce's house-The kitchen (Luce spends her time cutting up onions in the kitchen. She is suppose to eat dinner with her mom around seven. A sharp pain hits Luce's stomach and fear pulls at her heartstrings. Feeling uncomfortable, Luce stops preparing dinner for a moment. Heavily bleeding soon follows the painful cramps. Luce rests on the couch hoping the pain will passover. Ten minutes pass and Luce is still in pain. She calls her mom's cellphone and her mom agrees to take her to the hospital) Scene: The hospital front entrance Luce (screaming, she clings onto her mom): AHA...AHA...AHA..AHA Luce's mom (yelling at anyone): Help, my daughter is pregnant and she is in pain. Something might be wrong with the pregnancy for she is bleeding and cramping. Nurse (assisting Luce into a wheelchair): You can sit down in this chair, sweetheart Luce (crying, she begs the nurse): Please save my baby Nurse (touching Luce's stomach): I can see that this little angel is very much loved. Luce's mom (emotional, she holds Luce's hand): Just breathe, everything will be alright Luce (sobbing): What if I lose the baby? Luce's mom (embracing Luce): You will have this baby in December and we shall celebrate Luce (overcome with pain and pressure, she starts crying and bleeding again): Its starting again, the bleeding and cramping. Nurse (rushing Luce to a nearby room): I will prepare you for surgery a.s.a.p Scene: After the surgery-Luce's recovery room (Disorientated, Luce awakes from anesthesia. She touches her flat stomach and realizes something is missing, the baby. A surgical scar marks the spot where the surgeons removed the baby) Luce's mom (sitting down at Luce's bedside): Hello, sleeping beauty Luce (touching her stomach): Where is my baby? Luce's (choked up): Brooke, you were bleeding and cramping because you were having a miscarriage. The baby was removed from your uterus through a surgical operation. Luce (sobs in her mother's arms): I LOST MY BABY! I LOST MY BABY! I LOST MY BABY Luce's mother (stroking Luce's hair): God will bless you with more children in the future, honey[Chapter 9] Angel baby Newborn miscarried infant sorrow Gone too soon before the dawn Embryo woes Love is a spirit of liberation today, tomorrow and forevermore ON the dark side of the pregnant full moon Victim of circumstance Enchanted angelic voice with a tiny dead heartbeat Rain down bloody teardrops that spell out the word miscarriage[Chapter 10] Across the universe, I am driving myself crazy over unnecessary stupid nonsense. You always tell me the truth, how can you be so sure?. How can you be so true and brave?.Please comeback to me instead of fading to black because I miss being in your presence. I never want to lose you for your support makes up for everything else that I lack in my life. You see the best in me, you are my greatest investment of all time. You carry my heart everywhere with you that you may go. I can't see anything beyond this attachment. We are two souls dwelling in the same body, an unchained melody that remains unbroken. You have made me to believe in the power of unity and serenity. Unpredictable, life is short and life is just whatever we make it to be, but never say never. Don't let me go so please keep holding on to me for you are my life support. Being your friend, this is an once in a lifetime opportunity for me. I have found favor with you, you can write the words in cement. I can't see anything beyond this attachment. I will continue to look after you until the skies aren't blue anymore and we have reached the end of our lives here on earth.[Chapter 11] Situation: Feeling unloved and unwanted, Luce wants to commit suicide Raw deep thoughts and emotion Entangled in a web of lies A life disrupted and discarded Leftovers My whole entire existence A constant thorn in your side[Chapter 12] Situation: Luce is now pregnant with twins with the help of her husband, Kevin Scene: Luce's friend, Kevin's house (Six months pregnant, Luce wakes up in bed and realizes her water has broken. Her gown is soaking wet) Luce (looking down, she makes a very surprising discovery): OH MY GOD, my water just broke Kevin (Luce's husband): OH MY GOD (All of a sudden Luce starts having contractions. Kevin prepares Luce and himself to go to the hospital) Scene 2: Kevin's truck-Kevin is driving Luce to the hospital Luce(screaming from contractions): AHA..AHA..AHA Kevin (holding Luce's hand): Don't worry, I am here. You can hold my hand as a way to release all of your stress. Luce(still screaming, she squeezes Logan's hand): AHA..AHA..AHA Kevin (with a sad tone in his voice): Poor Sarah.. Luce (crying out in pain, she touches her stomach): It hurts so much Kevin (choked up): I wish that I make all of it to go away for you Luce (panicky): The birth shouldn't be happening right now because it is way too early for the baby to be born. Kevin (parking the truck in the hospital parking lot): Thank God, we arrived at the hospital before you gave birth in the car Scene 3: The Hospital Delivery Room-Luce is giving birth Scene: Hospital Delivery Room Luce (screaming from contractions): AHA..AHA..AHA Obgyn(preparing to catch a baby): You need to push, Luce, you will be in less pain after the babies are born Luce (doubtful): Its too early, I am not ready. I can't do this, I am only six months pregnant. Obgyn: Babies come whenever they want to. Your babies are going to be born today whether you are ready for her or not. Don't worry, Luce, you will do fine. Luce (having another contraction, she screams as she starts pushing): AHA..AHA..AHA Kevin (emotional, he squeezes Luce's hand): You can do this, I have faith in you Obgyn (placing a baby boy on top of Luce's stomach): Congratulations. You have a son. Luce (crying): His name shall be Ian Kevin: I love the name of Ian for our son Luce (having another contraction): I have to push again Nurse (taking away Ian): I will take care of Ian Luce (crying as she pushes): OH God, it hurts so much, please make it stop. I feel as if my insides are being torn out of me. If I faint or whatever, just make sure the babies have a chance to live. Kevin (encouraging Luce): Don't worry, your ordeal will soon be over. We will have this baby and everything will be alright. Obgyn(to Luce): All that I need from you is one more big push and the baby will be out of you. (Obediently, an emotional and tired Luce pushes one more time and a very sick premature baby girl comes out of her. Amber is immediately taken to the Nicu before Luce has a chance to hold him) Kevin (embracing Luce): Congratulations, you did it. I am so very proud of you. Luce (panicky, she is full of questions): Where is my daughter? Is everything alright with her? Obgyn: Amber was taken to the nicu because she is very sick just like Ian Luce (overcome with guilt, she feels the need to apologize to Kevin): I am sorry for ruining everything Kevin (removing a strand of hair away from Luce's face): It is not your fault no matter what. You and the baby are the ones who matter more right now. Luce (kissing Kevin): I love you Kevin (walking out of the room): I check on the babies in the nicu Scene 3: The NICU Nurse(approaching Kevin): Hey.. Kevin (smiling): Hey.. Nurse(referring to the twins): Are these your babies? Kevin (looking down at the twins who are resting in their incubator tied up to tubes): Yes Nurse: What are their names? Kevin: Their names are Ian and Amber Nurse: Wow, those are a very cute names Kevin: All credit is due to my wife Nurse: Behind every great man, there is a great woman. Walking beside every great woman, there is a great man. Kevin(laughing): Amen, Sister Nurse: They are very tiny and yet beautiful. It hurts the most when I see babies die. I have seen some premature babies both their sizes and even smaller survive their ordeal. Kevin: I consider it to be a miracle for them to still be alive. I thank you for the encouragement because I needed it. Nurse and Kevin (singing to the twins): Happy birthday to you Scene 4: Luce's hospital room-Luce is resting in the bed when Kevin enters the room Kevin (sitting down at Luce's bedside): I love you Luce (kissing Kevin): I love you too Kevin (removing a strand of hair away from Luce's face): Anyway, how are you holding up? Luce: My body is still sore, but I am doing great. I thank you for asking. Kevin (holding Luce's hand): I visited Ian and Amber in the nicu Luce (choked up): So how are the babies doing? Kevin: They are currently resting in an incubator. They are tied up to a lot of tubes Luce(getting out of the bed): I want to see them right now Kevin (escorting Luce out of the door): Alright Scene 5: The NICU Luce (looking down at the twins in their incubator): They look so helpless and lifeless when they are tied up to a lot of tubes Kevin: They are not dead, no, not yet Luce(crying): It is all of my fault for putting our babies in this terrible position Kevin (pulling Luce close to him): How so? Luce (still crying): I was stressed out during most of the pregnancy Kevin (wiping a tear off of Luce's face): It is not your fault no matter what Luce(sobbing): I have so many plans for them, I am afraid to lose them Kevin (embracing Luce): They are not going to die, trust me Luce (kissing Kevin): I love you Kevin (choked up): I love you too (Four months later, the twins gain enough weight to go home with their parents)[Chapter 13] Just be quiet and hold me right now Opening my heart You bring out the sun Eyes of grace An angel with no name Real true love Nashville skyline One divine special brief encounter Wide awake, I finally know the truth in which is I am blessed[Chapter 14] Bare naked soul Lovable cute fragile baby face Escape with me to paradise, hope Even if I make a mistake, you give me a second chance at redemption Divine intervention or just coincidence? I appreciate your generosity very much Vulnerable divine merciful grace I embrace you wholeheartedly Never again, will I feel ungrateful or less special Enchanted, the sunrise blesses me with more joy The truth liberates me from within[Chapter 15] I am not perfect, therefore I can make a lot of mistakes. Eventually life goes on and yet I never forget about these precious life lessons. We depart from each other and the wind of change carries our souls elsewhere. Distant, you remain out of my reach these days. I pray we may reunite someday. My heart is broken now, but eventually life goes on. You are dead and never coming back down to earth any time soon. I mourn your loss because I miss you so much. Eventually life goes on, but I still will remember you.[Chapter 16] Still Luce's p.o.v Walking blind with your back against the wind, nevermind me, my lost uncaptured love. A pretty white dove sings, but nobody will ever know that I have given you wings.[Chapter 17] Dancing around an uncertain future, forever skips a heartbeat. I am not sure if I can handle another big heartbreak or disappointment. In a world where nothing is ever permanent, I will only hold onto my good memories. ","Summary":" Luce's p.o.v You want someone to love you, here I am, your best friend. I'm here, I am always here "},{"Movie":"Hugo","Title":"When The Sunsets","Author":"Flamestone","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10069140","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The first fanfic I uploaded! So please no flames. I hope it isn't too bad. It probably would be eventual HugoXIsabelle. Genre: Drama/Friendship/Family/Future Comedy/Romance Disclaimers: I don't Hugo. All rights belong to the rightful owners. And this is a called a FANFICTION, so of course i don't anything in Hugo January, 22, 1938 Hugo wasn't known for many words. Too many he was a mysterious somber figure, who would only speak when it was necessary. His whole presence had radiated seriousness. Maybe it was his outfit or the way he carried himself. It was true that he had worn conservatively and he certainly carried himself with a sense of responsibility and dignity. He surely had his ideals that he strictly went by. But by all means he wasn't a gloomy man. Needless to say he was a very cheerful lad. To the children of Paris he was nice man, who would always show magic and tell jokes on his way home. Who would on occasions get gifts and prizes for kids who figured out his tricks. But today there was no magic or jokes. Today there was songs or laughter that would follow him. Today he was indeed a dark and gloomy man Papa George had passed away. He hand hastily finished his work and had left work when he had heard the news (which was far earlier than usual). It pained him that he wasn't there when it happened. Mama Jeane and Isabelle would of needed the most comfort they could get. But he wasn't sure how much help he could provide them. He wasn't very experienced with comforting. He was usually the one who was comforted. They were there whenever he would get depressed. When he would think about his father. So he needed to be there for them. The air in the house was thick and heavy with grief when Hugo walked in. No one had noticed him coming in, even if they had, they didn't acknowledge it. He could hear muffled sobbing in the living room as he hung up his jacket. He silently stood there listening as he composed himself. He would have broken down and cried himself, but he couldn't, he wouldn't. He had to be strong. He needed to be strong...for them. He took a deep breath and made his way towards the living room. Hugo had expected far less people to be present in the room, but he wasn't surprised. Over the years they had grown close many people. Especially with Lissette and station inspector Gustave. It was unexpected to him. It never occurred to him before that the station inspector was a good man. He always thought that he was a sadistic man who enjoyed catching orphans. He frowned as he surveyed the room again. There were a lot people but it wasn't the amount people that bothered him. It was an absence of one. \"Hugo?\" Hugo napped out from his daze and looked up. Madame Jeane was sobbing but her hands ushered Hugo over. \"Yes, Madame?\" Hugo replied softly. \"Isabelle, she...she,\" Madame Jeane tried to stifle a sob but failed as she broke down. Hugo scowled. Isabelle wasn't very experienced with these things and people who were inexperienced might turn out do something unpredictable. After he lost his father, he had a sudden obsession with machines and more notably an automaton. Which was a healthy distraction if it weren't for his other habit of stealing the parts. But he didn't know what Isabelle would turn out to do. If it came to the worst case, Papa George wouldn't be the only one gone. He quickly looked back at Madame Jeane and patiently waited for her to continue. \"She...left\" Madame had managed to say before she broke down again. Hugo's scowl deepened, but he quickly composed himself and turned around to leave. Madame Jeane looked like she wanted to say more, but that was all the information he needed. There was only one place she would be if she had left. The clock tower. It was actually his sanctuary, his retreat. But soon after he was taken into Papa George's care, Isabelle would also go there to get away from reality or just to watch the streets of Paris and let off steam. But if Isabelle had went there with any dangerous intent, then he needed to get there quickly before she did something irreversible. Isabelle gloomy walked through the streets of Paris. If it were any other day, people would wave, children would trail behind her and even sometimes a dashing young man would try to strike up a conversation with her. This would usually brighten up the foulest of her mood. But today, no amount of a child's laughter, or the gentle greetings of people or even the handsomest man could cheer her up. Nobody tried to anyway. They all steered clear of her. Even the baker lady who would always give her leftover bread to her whenever she passed by, only gave her a sympathetic gaze. It was truly a dark hour for Isabelle. It really shouldn't have come as a surprise. His health was already declining anyway. It was only a matter of time before it happened. Before he passed away. Papa George was dead, there was no nice way of saying this for her. He was gone. She believed that he was gonna get better. That he was gonna get off his bed and start tinkering with toys again, like all the times before. But deep down inside she knew. She knew that he wouldn't make it this time. She remembered the first time he had grown ill, Mama Jeane was so worried. Isabelle was never more scared in her life. But he soon shook off the sickness and started to work at his shop again. \"Isabelle!\" Isabelle looked up at the call of her name. She looked around and found the station inspector making his way towards her. She tried to put on her best smile and look alright. She tried not to look like she was so distressed that the station inspector had to check up on her, but her tear streaked face had made it unconvincing. \"Good afternoon, monsieur Daste\" Isabelle replied when he had arrived in front of her. \"It certainly is a good evening for many. But I am assuming it cannot be the case for you,\" the station inspector answered with a soft smile. Isabelle didn't answer. She just silently nodded at his assumption. \"How is Lissete?\" Inspector Gustave asked in an attempt to start a conversation. \"She is...managing,\" she answered withe her voice barely above a whisper. She wasn't sure if she was okay, but the last time she checked was when she was crying in her living room with Mama Jeane. \"That's good. I hope your managing too,\" Gustave said carefully. Isabelle stiffened. She didn't want to continue this conversation for much longer especially if it headed towards her and her managing skills. \"Yes, I am trying,\" she replied kindly as she can, but with scowl on her face, she doubted that it would of came of nice. Gustave noticed her scowl and attempted to start a more casual conversation, \"What might you be doing here all alone? And where is-\" \"I must be on my way monsieur Daste. Good afternoon,\" she interrupted. She had leave. She knew it was rude and that he was only trying to help her, but right now she need some time be alone. She was gonna break down and she did not want anybody seeing her when she did. She turned to leave, but Gustave had made a flimsy attempt to stop her by grabbing her shoulder and saying something about not grieving alone. But she easily broke from his grab and left without as much of a glance. I made Hugo call Mama Jeane as Madame, I don't know why but I always thought he would call her like that.[Chapter 2] Woot another chapter! Enjoy Disclaimers: I don't own Hugo or any of it's original content. All rights belong to their rightful owners. January, 22, 1938 It wasn't until he walked into the station that he started to doubt his decision. If she wanted to avoid people, then she would have went somewhere more unpredictable. Then it would be a headache for him. He sometimes wondered why people couldn't be simple as a machine. It would make the world a whole lot simpler. But it make it a lot duller too. Hugo sighed as he noticed the bustling crowd in the station. Isabelle wasn't very fond of crowds, especially in an enclosed place like this. But he managed to form a small smile when he spotted inspector Gustave nearby. If anybody, Gustave would know if Isabelle had come through. He slowly made his way towards the inspector. It always surprised him when he would walk towards the inspector and not away. There were times when he would think that the inspector would jump him and put him in an orphanage. But that can't happen anymore since he was too old for the orphanage anyway. That however never stopped the inspector from joking about it. He stopped in front of the inspector and gave him a small smile. \"Good evening inspector.\" \"Good evening, how may I help you this evening?\" Gustave responded. \"I was just wondering if Isabelle had come through,\" Hugo answered. \"Ah, yes. She seemed… distressed,\" Gustave replied with a sympathetic gaze. Hugo made a slight grimace as he nodded understandingly. \"Would you happen to know where she was heading?\" Hugo asked hopefully. \"No, unfortunately not. She didn't seem very willing to continue the conversation,\" Gustave replied with a nod. Hugo gave a defeated sigh. It wasn't surprising that she was unwilling. She was a stubborn little thing. She didn't like it when people tried to help her with anything. She was an independent person. There was a time when he found her trying to make the mouse toy that Papa George would always play around with at the toy shop. She had quite the trouble making it, but she refused to ask for any help from him or Papa George. But by the end of it she did still ask him for help. \"She's a handful isn't she?\" Gustave asked sympathetically. Hugo gave a small chuckle as he nodded in agreement. \"She sure is, but I assume that Lissette isn't an easy one to handle either,\" Hugo responded. Gustave gave a good hearted laugh. \"Yes, she's also a handful,\" Gustave agreed. \"Well I do hope that you find your damsel in distress,\" Gustave added with a smile. \"I hope I do,\" Hugo replied with a slightly flushed face. \"I will be taking my leave then, monsieur Daste.\" \"Of course, then till next time\" Gustave replied. \"Till next time,\" Hugo nodded as he turned around and left the inspector to his own company. Now if Isabelle was still in the station then it narrowed things down. There weren't a lot of places that Isabelle would go to in the station. She couldn't be at the toy shop since the shop was closed for a while, unless she that key. Which he doubted. So she could be only at the library or the clock tower. He smiled, Isabelle wasn't a difficult character to read once you figured her out. Isabelle quietly listened to the the gears working in the clock as she watched the streets below. The clock seemed as though it was well maintained, from what she could tell. It wasn't surprise though, Hugo would always come by to make sure the maintenance was done properly, even though there was already a person who does the work. If it wasn't well done, then Hugo would give a scolding. It's quite funny really. There was a time when a gear wasn't properly maintained and Hugo and the station inspector almost made the poor mad with all their yelling. This was why she liked coming here. It made her think of fond memories. She hugged her knees and closed her eyes. The last time she was here (besides the one where she would just come here to watch Hugo do his checkup) was when monsieur Labisse had passed away. Sure they weren't that close on a personal level, but she still missed seeing him there. The new librarian is nice though. Madame Gloria would secretly let her have the first reads for the new arrivals. The new books would always go on the shelves two or three days after their arrival. Still she missed the senior librarian dearly. She sighed. Last time Hugo was with her when she found out. It was after his work time that they went to the library to borrow some new books, but only found a post about the library being closed for the day because of monsieur Labisse's sudden departure. She didn't go back to the library for a bit, but Hugo had helped her get over it. She smiled. She wondered what Hugo would be doing right now. Since it was show day today, it would be around this time that he did his third show of the day. Which was also around the time that she would go and watch him on stage. She had seen him on stage countless times but it never ceased to amaze her, his tricks were flawless. It was almost as if they were really magic. He also seemed like he had a never ending library of magic. He didn't like repeating the same magic twice, especially on the same day. There was actually a day where she went to see all of his shows for the day (he did one every 3 hours with the first one at 9 in the morning). She originally intended to stay for two just to see what the difference was, but stayed for all them since all of them had felt so different and a new experience every time. She didn't know that he was capable of doing so many. She let out a tired yawn. Which was to be expected since she spent half the day crying. The chilly weather up here didn't help either. She didn't know until today that she could cry like that. She left the house because of this. If she stayed there, she would still be crying there with Mama Jeane. Which she did not like. She slowly got up and made her way towards the bed that was set up right below the clock. Hugo had put it there few months back. It was there so that he could use it when he checked the clocks at a late hour. Then he could just sleep there for the night, but it was intended for the summer weather so it was still chilly. She didn't mind though. Right now she just wanted to curl up and go to sleep. And maybe when she woke up it would be a dream and Papa George would be there to scold her for sleeping in. Maybe. Hugo didn't know whether to be relieve or worried when he found her sleeping on the bed he put there for summer use. Sure it wasn't that cold but it was still late January! She could've frozen to death, but of course her soft snoring had told him otherwise. Even so it could of have been dangerous. He still couldn't help but smile at her sleeping figure. She looked so peaceful in her sleep. If sleeping could help her get away from her grief then he didn't mind (as long as it didn't get her killed). Which was why he found himself in his current situation. He had her head on his lap and jacket around her. From the sound of it, it doesn't sound too bad, but when he's been doing it for the past hour and an half then it does get difficult. He thought for sure with the sudden presence of a person, she would wake up. But instead she let out a content sigh and continued to sleep. He let out a tired sigh and looked outside. He was getting drowsy himself. He snapped out of his daze when he felt Isabelle stir. He quickly looked down and found himself staring at a pair of chocolate brown eyes. His eyebrows furrowed in confusion when he noticed a small frown on her face. \"Disappointed to see me?\" Hugo asked playfully. \"No, I was just hoping it would've been somebody else,\" Isabelle answered with a tinge of longing. Hugo formed a frown himself. That was being disappointed. \"Papa?\" Hugo carefully asked her. Isabelle only gave him a silent nod. He was assuming that would be case. \"Well being disappointed won't help with anything,\" Hugo told her. \"I told you I wasn't disappointed. Maybe just a little displeased,\" Isabelle answered. \"Whatever you say,\" \"What? You don't believe me?\" \"I didn't say that,\" \"You didn't say it, but you thought it,\" Hugo gave a small chuckle at her antics. She seemed to be in a better mood than he had expected. He was sure that she would be in a mess. Isabelle was handling a lot better than he had with his father. They seemed to fall into a silence after that. But it wasn't uncomfortable. It was one of those silence where both people would just feel safe and secure around. \"What time is it?\" Isabelle asked suddenly. It took a while for Hugo to register the question. \"Oh,\" He Hugo said in embarrassment and look at his waist watch. \"Around five forty.\" Hugo answered with a slight blush. Isabelle quickly sat upright. He should still be at work and not here with her at this time. She stared at him oddly, asking him a silent question. \"I decided that you and Mama Jeane needed me more than the stage,\" Hugo said as if he understood her confusion. \"You shouldn't have. I was fine,\" Isabelle told him. Hugo scoffed. \"Sleeping in the clock tower in dead of winter hardly counts as being fine.\" Isabelle let out a defeated sigh. \"How did you get the news anyway? We weren't going to tell you before you got home,\" Isabelle asked in confusion. \"Margret,\" Hugo answered simply. Isabelle nodded understandingly. \"Then did she tell everybody else?\" \"Yes she did, and it also seems she told everyone in Paris as well,\" Hugo answered. \"It won't be long until the press starts talking about it.\" That explained a lot for her. She didn't question it then, but it was odd that everybody on streets knew about Papa George's death, when she for one never told anyone. She needed to talk to Margret about this. But Hugo got up which made her snap out of her thoughts. \"We should get going, it's getting late\" Hugo said as he looked at his watch again. Isabelle nodded and got on her feet. She handed him back his jacket, which he gratefully took and quickly put it on. \"You ready?\" Hugo asked her and gave her his hand. \"Ya, I am,\" she replied as she took his hand in hers. She was going to be able to get over this too, if she had Hugo with her. And she knew that he was going to be there for her. With that they had soon left the station and were well on their way home. This might feel like an ending but it isn't rest assure.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 of the When the sun sets! I trouble writing this chapter. I had trouble choosing which way to take the story. But I hope it isn't too bad. Disclaimers: I don't own Hugo or any of it's content. All rights belong to their rightful owners. January, 24, 1939 Hugo's face scrunched up in deep thought as he carefully read the letter again. It was surprise that he was even considering the offer. He wouldn't have thought about the offer at all if Mama Jeanne and Isabelle hadn't mentioned traveling. Mama Jeanne wanted the two of them to do some travelling while we were still young. He didn't like the idea too much, but Isabelle seemed to love it. She liked it so much that she started to discuss plans on where they could go with Mama Jeanne. It was quite funny watching them discuss plans, even though our financial situation could not provide for half the places they discussed about. The idea of an \"adventure\" or something seemed to excite Isabelle. Hugo sighed. If they were going to travel, then they couldn't get a better offer than this. The letter itself was from a Canadian who by chance had seen his magic show and apparently he was mesmerizes by it. The man had wished to have Hugo Quebec City in Canada to perform at a theater he owned. He was also allowed to stay at a room that he would have for him. And what was the best out of it was that it was charge free, as long as he kept working for him at the theater. Of course he could choose how long he worked for him. He can stay there as long as liked charge free for the time span of him performing at the theater. It was great deal, but the problem was that he could only bring along one person. Choosing it between Mama Jeanne and Isabelle would tear him apart. \"Dear, are you feeling alright?\" Hugo looked up reading and stared at Mama Jeanne oddly for a bit. \"Of course, why would I not be?\" Hugo asked in confusion. \"Well, I'm not sure, but you looked like you had a terrible headache,\" Mama Jeanne answered. \"No, I'm fine. I was just reading this letter,\" Hugo assured. \"What does it say?\" She questioned him. \"Nothing. You don't have to worry about it Madame,\" Hugo reassured. \"I do need to worry about it if it bothers you that much.\" She insisted. \"No really you-\" \"Hugo,\" she interrupted. Hugo let out a defeated sigh and gave the letter to her. He knew better not to fight back when she used that tone. It always seemed to scare him when she used that tone. He remained silent while Mama Jeanne read the letter. She seemed to be beaming by the time she finished the letter. He never seen her smile like that since Papa George had passed away, which was quite some time ago. \"We need to tell Isabelle about this!\" Mama Jeanne told Hugo in excitement. \"No, we're not. I'm going to reject the offer.\" Hugo dismissed. \"Why?\" Mama Jeanne asked in confusion. This was why he didn't want her to read the letter. It was going to get difficult to explain to her that he was going to turn it down. \"It says I can only take one companion, which means you or Isabelle are going to have to stay behind.\" \"I won't be going though, so that won't be a problem,\" Mama Jeanne assured. \"You won't be going?\" Hugo asked in confusion. \"Of course not. These bones of mine are too brittle for sailing,\" she answered. Even if he wasn't choosing between the two of them, it was still difficult to leave Mama Jeanne behind. \"Isabelle won't like the idea of leaving you behind all alone,\" Hugo said in an attempt to convince her otherwise. \"I won't be alone. I was planning on going down to my relatives. I can stay there until you guys get back,\" she assured as she started to take the traveling plans into her hands. Hugo tried to convince her otherwise, but she was taking none of it. She was determined to get us to Canada. It wasn't long until he gave up and just started to write a reply to the man who sent the letter. And soon enough he was starting think of plans. If he was going, then was going to make the best out of it. January, 28, 1939 Isabelle stood by the station as she waited for Hugo to come. Today was one of few days they had before they would go on traveling. \"Business trip\" is what Hugo like to call it. She was skeptical at first. She didn't like leaving Mama Jeanne behind, but Mama Jeanne had convinced her that she wasn't going to be alone. So with that problem solved, she jumped the idea of traveling. It was truly sensational. She was going to get a true adventure like the ones in the books. She couldn't wait to write about when she got there. It still saddened her that Mama Jeanne wasn't coming along. Which was why she was has to write with extra care, so that Mama Jeanne was didn't miss out on anything. She smiled, it was going to be a fascinating trip. \"You sure look excited,\" Hugo said as he walked up to her. \"Oh yes, we're going to the theaters!\" It was true that she was also excited about the theater. Since they didn't have much time before they left, they were going to the theaters and that did excite her very much. \"You sure that's all your excited about?\" Hugo asked with a raised eyebrow. Isabelle grinned. \"We're going on an adventure!\" She added with excitement. Hugo's smile widened. He was foolish to think that Isabelle wouldn't have like the idea of leaving Paris. It was doltish really. He chuckled to himself. He remembered when she used that to describe him to the station inspector. It seemed like it was only yesterday, but it had already been 8 years since then. \"What's so funny?\" Isabelle asked in confusion. Hugo just gave her an amused grin and shook his head as he started to walk towards the theater. \"Come on Hugo, tell me. It's not a secret right?\" Isabelle whined as she trailed behind him. \"Doltish,\" Hugo simply answered and gave a good hearted laugh. \"Doltish?\" Isabelle repeated in confusion. \"Yes, doltish,\" Hugo said again as he sped away from the fury that was going to come. Hugo and Isabelle walked hand in hand into the theater. It was a friendly gesture. Something they did often whenever they went out. They already did it countless times before, it was natural for them. They enjoyed doing it. It reminded them that there was someone besides them. It especially helped Hugo. He was alone for so long that it was reassuring that she was next him. That he wasn't alone anymore. Sometimes he would think that this was all a dream, but Isabelle would always be there with him. He dreaded that idea. If he were to wake up and all of this turned out to be nothing but a dream, then it would be better off as not waking up. But he knew that wasn't happening this was all real and Isabelle's hands were real. \"Hugo! Isabelle,\" a man called out gleefully. They both looked up and found the theater manager coming up. They were frequent customers and the man was always happy to see us in his theater. It was ironic, the first time they were here he threw us out saying that he never wanted to see us again. Of course he wasn't happy when he saw us the second time. But that changed quickly when he saw Papa George behind us. He said something about being an honor having George Melies in his theater and how his kids are always welcome in the theater. After that the manger was nothing but nice to the two of them. \"It's great to see you lads back!\" The manager said with joy. \"Yes, it truly is! I can't wait for another breath taking adventure!\" Isabelle almost squealed. Hugo nodded in agreement. \"Well then will you be watching a film tonight?\" The manger questioned with a grin. \"Yes, we will be. I also believe that it's going to be our last for a while,\" Hugo paused for a bit in thinking. \"So I was wondering, do you have anything special tonight?\" \"The last?\" The manger asked disappointed. \"Yes, Isabelle and I will be going to Canada for a business trip,\" Hugo answered. Isabelle rolled her eyes at his answer. It wasn't a business trip to her, but she remained silent about it. \"A business trip?\" The manager said in disbelief. \"Yes, a business trip. It was unbelievable for me as well,\" Hugo told the manager with a chuckle. Which made the manager give small chuckle himself. \"I hope you enjoy your trip, and as for you film…\" the manager trailed off as he went into thinking. \"Ah yes! I have managed to get my hands on a Melies film, I'm sure you've seen it though.\" Isabelle's eyes brighten from the mention of the film. \"A Papa George's film!\" She exclaimed. Hugo smiled, they actually saw all the films that were found, but they would never get tired of those films. \"We'll watch it. How much would it be? I'm sure it was difficult to find, so I can pay extra,\" Hugo asked as he went to pull his wallet. \"No charge! Not this time. This time it's on me. Since it's your last time,\" the manager replied with a wink \"Oh no! We-\" \"I insist,\" the manager interrupted. \"Now you lads go to screen 4. I'll ready it for just the two of you,\" he added and walked away. Hugo let out an amused sigh and they went to hand in hand to their movie. Yes I am taking them to Canada. I thought it would cool to get them out of the country, especially with world war 2 looming over the horizon. It would've been bad if Hugo had to participate in world war 2. Since it would unlikely for him to come back alive, and that would destroy my story. I promise the next chapter or the chapter after will be better. It may take some time to pick up pace now.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 of the When the sun sets! It was fast update. It's because I felt so unsatisfied with last chapter and so made another one. this one seemed to have just flowed out. Most of them it done in one sitting. This chapter is my shortest chapter and has the most interaction between Hugo and Isabelle. It was more for the laughs though(if it's funny at all). Hope it isn't bad. Disclaimers: I don't own Hugo. All rights belong to the rightful owners. January, 28, 1939 Hugo gleefully walked out of the theater. He had seen the film before, but it was still a great film. Some may think that it's hard to enjoy a film a second time. But that was not case for him. He enjoyed the film as much as he did it the first time. Even if he hadn't enjoyed it, Isabelle seemed to have enjoyed the film. He could tell that she liked the film. She had a grin on her face throughout the whole movie. Which means it was worth it for at least one of them. But he enjoyed it, which made it even better experience. \"That was truly a marvelous adventure!\" Isabelle exclaimed with delight. \"Yes, it was an astounding adventure,\" Hugo candidly agreed. \"The dragon always seem to excite me!\" Isabelle added joyfully. It amused him how she enjoyed the film even though she had seen the film multiple times. He enjoyed the film, but she saw the film far more times than he did. Which surprised him, he didn't even know when she had seen them. Though Mama Jeanne did mention something about helping her with her grief. So she probably saw the film at home after Papa George had passed away. It was inconvenient but it was still possible to watch at home. They had the copies of the films and a film projector that monsieur Tabard had gifted them. \"So, what's next?\" Isabelle perked up with interest. Hugo's eyebrows furrowed in confusion. \"What do you mean?\" \"What are we going to do next?\" Isabelle clarified while rolling her eyes. \"Uh…\" Hugo blushed. He didn't think about it until now. \"If you haven't, we could go say our goodbyes to everybody,\" he answered uncertainly. \"I already did that though, what else did you have in mind?\" Isabelle asked him. Hugo shrugged. He didn't have any plans afterwards. He only thought up till theaters, which wasn't much. \"You mean you didn't have a plan afterward?\" Isabelle asked in disbelief. Hugo nodded. There wasn't anything wrong with that as far he was concerned. Just get what they needed to do and leave. At least that was what he thought. \"Not even a plan for supper?\" Isabelle asked in shock. Hugo shook his head. He didn't think about that either. Maybe just getting home in time to eat Mama Jeanne's cooking. But besides that he was clueless. Isabelle let out pitiful sigh. \"How are you ever going to find a lady Hugo?\" Isabelle said with worry. \"What does this have to do with me finding a lady!?\" Hugo exclaimed defensively. \"Everything!\" Isabelle blurted out. \"Hugo, when you take a lady out you're supposed to have an elaborate plan to sweep her off her feet,\" Isabelle explained. \"Why would I try to sweep her off her feet?\" Hugo asked in confusion. \"So you could make her fall for you!\" Isabelle stated in frustration. \"And how does sweeping help with that?\" Hugo questioned. Clearly perplexed with the situation. \"I don't mean it literally, Hugo. Sometimes I wonder if you really are a doltish person,\" Isabelle replied in defeat. Hugo stood there thinking carefully about the things that she had just told him. He didn't understand why it was such a problem. They didn't talk about this before. She didn't seem to mind before. Maybe it was because they haven't done this often. Sure they went out to watch movies or go to clock tower. But they weren't quite like what they were doing now. Usually they would go do a favor or work and on their way back they would watch a movie or go to the clock tower. But today they weren't doing any work or any favors. They strictly came out to watch a movie and entertainment. But even so he usually left the planning to Isabelle. He usually just went with what she wanted to do. \"Don't tell me you were planning on going home after watching the movie?\" Isabelle asked in exasperation. \"Is there a problem with that?\" Hugo asked innocently. Isabelle looked at Hugo with disbelief. \"I worry for your chance of procreation.\" It took a while for Isabelle to explain it to Hugo. It was true that they never discussed about these before, but Hugo was a grown man now. He was 19 for crying out loud. He should already know these things by now. But it was no surprise. He lived alone for a large portion of his life and even after he was taken in by Papa George, he was home schooled. Well he studied alone. That counts as home school right? But that's beside the point, he never learned any this anywhere. It actually took a while for Mama Jeanne to teach Hugo his table manners. Still he wasn't a by any means he wasn't a blockhead. He was very talented and was smarter than most his age and people older for that matter. But when it came to things like manners and ladies, he was completely clueless. \"So why are we going to that restaurant again? It seems too expensive and inefficient,\" Hugo asked carefully. Isabelle sighed for the umpteenth time for the past hour. Since he couldn't grasp things himself she decided to take things into her own hands and teach him. \"Because it's romantic, and ladies love romantic,\" Isabelle replied. \"If this is how I make a good impression on a lady. Then I rather not make an impression at all,\" Hugo stated with rejection. \"Well then. What do you suppose we do?\" Isabelle challenged Hugo in annoyance. \"We could get a sandwich and go to the clock tower to watch the sunset,\" Hugo suggested hesitantly. Isabelle's eyes grew wide. \"Never mind that if you don't like it that much, we could-\" \"No! No, it's fine. I was surprised you even thought of something so romantic! I'm so proud of you!\" Isabelle interrupted. \"You sure?\" Hugo asked in surprise that he thought of something that Isabelle liked. \"Yes it is! It's actually better than that restaurant!\" Isabelle squealed in glee. \"You sure you know about this romance thing?\" Hugo questioned with skeptically. \"Of course! They come out often in my books\" Isabelle assured. \"Really?\" Hugo inquired. \"Yes! A dashing young prince would sweep the girl off her feet and they would ride off towards the sunset,\" Isabelle said dreamingly. Hugo let out a chuckle at her antics. There were people who found this side of her annoying and bothersome, but to him they were amusing and pleasant. It made him like are a whole lot more. \"Well let's get going!\" Isabelle urged as she grabbed his hand. Hugo nodded and followed her. He had feeling that this night was going to be a long one, but he didn't mind at all. I hope it wasn't too bad.[Chapter 5] The last chapter was more conversation heavy. But this one is more thought heavy between the 2 characters. I was listening to David Archuleta's \"Crush\" when I wrote the chapter, so it has some influence from the song. January, 28, 1939 Hugo didn't know when it started. It might've been when he first met her or over the years, but he felt some sort of attraction towards Isabelle. He knew (well hoping) that it wasn't love. Well he did love her, but he didn't want to think it as the romantic love. He couldn't be sure though. It could be just a silly crush he had for her. For one he didn't have much experience with romantic feelings towards others. Before he met Isabelle he didn't have a lot of experience with people, let alone girls. But back then he didn't care. He had gave up on ever finding any friends after he moved into the station. So his chances of finding a girl were even slimmer. But still, against all odds he had managed to find a friend and a girl at that. Which might be why he had an attraction towards Isabelle. Hugo sighed. They weren't any serious attractions and for sure he did not think of her in the wrong way. He couldn't. He wouldn't. Thinking of her in that intent would be too barbaric. Too animalistic. He shook his head. He wasn't going to step into that boundary. But he did think about how adorable she looked when she smiled. How her eyes shined when she was reading a book you liked. He thought that he would grow out of it. He thought it would go away in time. But it didn't, it stuck with him. It was a wonder how it didn't affect the way he acted around her. Well it did, but no enough for Isabelle to notice. Some people might wonder why he hasn't confessed to her. He was afraid of the rejection that might come after his confession. He knew he was being a coward, be he didn't want to lose his only friend. He knew that Isabelle wouldn't shun him for confessing, she was too innocent to do that. But he would've still done irreparable damage to their relationship, which he wasn't willing to do. Though he did sometimes wonder if she felt the same way about him, but she never showed any signs that she did. The conversation they had an hour ago didn't seem support his chances either. He certainly had no experience with \"sweeping a girl off her feet\" and he definitely did not fit the image of a \"dashing prince\". So it wasn't long after he came to terms with his feeling, that unless she showed any interest he wouldn't confess. Even if she were to marry someone else. Hugo cringed at the thought. If she did in fact find a man then he would just quietly leave her life. He knew it would hurt her, but it would hurt her less than finding out about his feeling afterwards. He didn't like the idea either, he didn't want to be alone again. He wasn't aware of it when he lived in the station, but after he had met Isabelle and Papa George. He didn't want to be alone again. \"You alright Hugo?\" He found Isabelle looking at him with a face of worry. \"Of course,\" Hugo answered with a smile. Isabelle didn't believe him, but she didn't press further about it. \"Are you going to finish the sandwich?\" Isabelle asked she pointed her finger towards the half eaten sandwich. Hugo chuckled, it was surprising how she could eat so much. \"No you can have it if you want,\" Hugo answered as he handed her his sandwich. \"You sure you want it though?\" Hugo asked her to make sure. Isabelle eagerly took the sandwich as she nodded. Hugo smiled. He wasn't going to worry about his feelings until the time came. He was perfectly content with the way things were at the moment. Isabelle didn't ask further about it before, but it still continued to nag at her. It wasn't the first time that he did that. He would get that distant look in his eyes and wouldn't talk for a while. She never asked about it though. She wanted to, but she fear that he would further isolate himself. She did not want that to happen, since if she was going to solve this problem, she needed to open up not close himself further. It was problem though. He wasn't the type to open up and talk. To her he always seemed to take things by himself. But if he wasn't going to open up, she wasn't going to make him do it. She wasn't going to pry until he was ready. She didn't want to lose Hugo by prying into things that she wasn't supposed to. He was a dear companion. He was her closest friend, and sometimes she considered him her only real friend. She for sure wasn't friendless. She actually had quite a bit of friends. But none of them knew her as Hugo did. They nothing more than people she would fool around with. Well she did fool around with Hugo, but that was different. She could leave Hugo with anything. He would take her the way she was and would gladly take her on his adventures. \"Isabelle, the suns about to set,\" Hugo spoke up. Isabelle looked out the window and the sun was indeed setting. It was always beautiful to watch the sun from the clock tower. \"This might be the last time we get to see the sunset from here for a while,\" Hugo added solemnly. Isabelle nodded. It probably was the last one that they'll get to see from here. Which did saddened her, but she paid no mind to it. After all it wasn't going to be the very last. \"What do you think Canada is like?\" Isabelle asked as she continued to watch the sunset. \"I'm not sure. What do you think it's like?\" Hugo asked back, Isabelle shrugged, she wasn't all that sure either. \"I did read some books about it though,\" she answered. \"What did it say?\" Hugo piqued with interest. Isabelle's eyebrows furrowed in thought. She did read the book, but she had finished the book in a day, which made it difficult to remember much about it. \"Cold?\" Isabelle answered uncertainly. \"Cold? I thought you said that you read the book?\" Hugo asked with a raised eyebrow. \"I did read the book,\" \"And cold is the only thing you got out of it?\" Isabelle scoffed. \"You try to look for more information about Canada.\" Hugo chuckled in response. It was entertaining to see her react like that. Which was why he always teased her. It was no fun if she didn't react. Sure there were times when he did stepped a line that he shouldn't of and she would get angry. And those times, he would feel terrible and apologize. Isabelle would always forgive him afterwards and apologize for getting angry. Isabelle smiled. It were times like these that she felt the best. Hugo always seems to brighten up her mood. There was something about him that made her feel better. She only wished that this could go on forever. But with way things were going, she didn't doubt that it would. I was trying to develop how they think of each other, but it turned out to be more about Hugo sulking or something. Also since this is my 5th chapter(didn't think I will get reviews or any viewers), I wanted to do something special. I was thinking answering 1 to 2 questions about the story and where it might be heading. So if you have any questions about the story feel free to ask in the review section. I will put up the answers on the next update. Thanks Flamestone[Chapter 6] Sorry it took a while to update! It took longer than expected for me to think this chapter out. The answer for the question asked in the last chapter is at the bottom of the chapter. I have a OC in this chapter and it is from my head so if there is any other characters named or acting the same then it is strictly coincidental. Hope you enjoy it! February, 1, 1939 Hugo nervously took a deep breath. He wasn't scared, but this was the first time that he ever left Paris. He wasn't the type to move around much. Over his 19 years he had only lived in three different places. Well three notable places. Actually he was pretty sure that not many people would the move the distance that he was going to move today. The thought made him fidget. He wasn't sure Isabelle felt the same way though. She seemed more excited than nervous to him. Unlike him she was all in for moving and adventures. He didn't dislike adventures, he was actually quite fond of them. But they just made him nervous sometimes. Hugo anxiously looked at his watch again. They weren't early, but there was still no sign of the man who sent him the letter. His name turned out to be Raymond Chevalier. But whatever his name turned out to be, the man was late. There was a chance that he might not even show up. All this might just turn out to be a hoax. A dirty prank by somebody, just to watch them make a fool of themselves. He could imagine them snickering at their success. \"Stop worrying Hugo. Maybe you just winded your watch wrong,\" Isabelle said in an attempt to assure him. She pulled her jacket tighter around herself. She was starting to regret not wearing something warmer. She didn't think that they'll wait this for monsieur to show up, and the chills were getting to her now. \"I never wind my watch incorrectly,\" Hugo replied dismissively. It was true, he never winded a watch or clock incorrectly. He had a life time of experience with winding them. \"Maybe he ran into some trouble and is late. Have some faith Hugo. You sound like a cynical old man,\" Isabelle remarked as she shivered from the icy weather. Hugo scoffed. \"Not many people are late by half an hour,\" he said as he took off his jacket and put it around Isabelle. \"I told you to wear something warmer,\" Hugo chided. Isabelle looked down shamefully. She didn't think that the weather would be this frigid. \"Aren't you cold?\" Isabelle asked with concern. Hugo shook his head. \"The first time you met me, I was in shorts,\" Hugo noted with a grin. It was fond memory for him. Isabelle formed a soft smile \"Yes you were, and you caught a terrible cold afterwards.\" Hugo grimaced. He indeed caught a cold and it was one terrible cold. \"Well, that was because I got doused in sweat. The station inspector had me running around all sorts of places,\" Hugo defended. Isabelle rolled her eyes. \"You know, you never told me what exactly happened at the station that night,\" Isabelle looked at him quizzically. \"Why? I think I already told you that being enigmatic doesn't suit you,\" Isabelle reminded. Hugo gulped. He never told her about the train almost crashing into him or the clock that he clung for this dear life. He didn't want her to worry for something that already passed and at the time he had doubted that anyone would believe him. How many people survive from what he did anyway? He didn't want to tell her and he certainly did not want to get scolded from for keeping a secret like that. But thankfully he was saved from the explanation. \"Monsieur Cabret!\" A man called out. Hugo turned towards the voice, much to the chagrin of Isabelle. The man formed a smile at Hugo's acknowledgement. His you shone in young and handsome features. His tall and lank loomed over the rest. The man took long strides towards them and his vivid blue eyes brightened when he stood in front of them. \"Good evening! I apologize for coming late, I ran into some trouble along the way,\" the man spoke in an accent that Hugo couldn't recognize. Still the man spoke and carried himself with respect. \"Good evening, monsieur?\" Hugo replied in confusion. He didn't recognize the man, and he didn't recall being acquainted to anyone like him. \"Oh, look at my manners. Raymond Chevalier, pleasure to meet you monsieur Cabret,\" the man introduced himself as he extended his hand for a handshake. Hugo nodded in realization and shook his hand. \"Pleasure is all mine monsieur Chevalier,\" he replied. \"Please call me Raymond and who might this beautiful young lady be?\" Raymond asked as he turned towards Isabelle. Isabelle blushed at the compliment, but composed herself. \"Isabelle, Isabelle Melies,\" she courtly replied. She always had the last name, but she never seriously took it until she started writing. \"Isabelle? Are you perhaps the author Isabelle?\" Raymond asked in amazement. \"If you mean the author who wrote 'The Boy Who Lived at the Station'. Then that would be me,\" Isabelle answered with a childish grin. \"This truly marvelous!\" Raymond exclaimed in delight. Raymond's eyes only grew larger when he turned back towards Hugo. \"Then you must be the boy in the book!\" Raymond pointed out in excitement. Hugo chuckled. \"Yes I am the 'doltish' boy who lives in the station.\" \"I am truly honored to have both of you in my presence,\" Raymond said with utmost respect towards them. \"You're overpraising us. We're just like any person you'll meet in the streets,\" Hugo replied in embarrassment. Isabelle nodded in agreement. \"My feelings are sincere, but if you find my compliments overbearing than, I refrain myself from them,\" Raymond told Hugo, Hugo shook his head. \"We're just not used to compliments.\" Raymond nodded understandingly. \"Well, I can't keep you out in the cold forever. We have to start moving sometime,\" Raymond said as he picked up Isabelle's baggage. Isabelle quickly stopped him from doing it for her. She could perfectly carry her own baggage. \"Please Madame. I can't let a lady carry the luggage when I am fully capable,\" Raymond told her as he took the luggage from her grasp. \"Please follow me,\" Raymond added as he turned to leave. To say Isabelle was surprised when they got to Raymond's car was an understatement. It was actually looked like a limousine, well it looked like one to her. Raymond said something about it being a generation 2 of the Cadillac V-16 series. Whoever Hugo had impressed was a one wealthy man. Which saved her from a few worries she had. For one it would've been difficult to travel to Port de Brest in a small car. It was at least a ten hour drive from here, so it would very uncomfortable in a small car. It also would've been a problem if they were given a worn out shack as their home. Even if the car or the house they used were bad it wouldn't be huge problem. She had Hugo By her side. With her best companion by her side she could go anywhere. She glanced at Hugo who was talking to Raymond. Well actually Hugo was showing him tricks that he does with cards. She wasn't surprised that Raymond was amazed by Hugo's tricks. Hugo was great at them. He was the best magician in Paris. At least she believed he was. Her stare strayed to Raymond. It surprised her how young Raymond turned out to be. Quite frankly she thought she'll be seeing a mid-forty business man. But it turned out to be a young man and a handsome one at that. She wasn't the one for ogling at a handsome man, but this was different. If you she didn't know any better, she would've thought that Raymond was a model or something. Even so she wouldn't allow herself to stare at him. Which turned out to be an easy enough task since she got the window seat. She originally took the window seat to write about the scenery to the port, but after she wrote a few sentences she felt like she was going to throw up. Which was a disappointment. She wanted to write it then and there so Mama Jeanne could get the best picture. But to make matters worse, she fell asleep on Hugo's shoulder and missing much of view from the window. She only woke up when they got to the hotel they were staying for the night. It was to be expected though, since she stayed up most of the night yesterday. She couldn't sleep with all the excitement she had. It was regretful but to be expected. \"I apologize, but I only booked one room. I was not expecting a lady to be companying our trip. I could book another book another one, if you wish,\" Raymond said apologetically. Hugo shook his head. \"We're fine sharing, but aren't you going to be staying with us?\" \"Oh no, I have errands somewhere else. I presume it will go late into the night. So I booked a room near the area,\" Raymond answered dejectedly. \"I see. That is unfortunate,\" Hugo commented. \"Well monsieur Cabret, here is the key for your room,\" Raymond said as he handed Hugo the key. Hugo thanked him and took a glance at the key. \"Room 1201?\" Hugo raised an eyebrow at the number. \"Yes, it may not be the best, but it was the best this hotel had to offer. It should be at the top floor,\" Raymond told him. \"Well, I must be going, I bid you two a good night. I will be here by 8:30 tomorrow. Until then farewell,\" Raymond said and turned to leave. Hugo turned to Isabelle and he could already tell that Isabelle was already half asleep. He chuckled at her daze. \"Let's get you to a room before you collapse,\" Hugo said as he continued to chuckle. Port de Brest is a real port in France. It is situated at the tip of north-west shores. The answer promised last chapter! Question: Would there be more angst in the story for the characters. (Not exact question. For exact question look at the reviews for chp 5) Answer: I have plans for angst and obstacles. But I don't know how many of them are actually going to happen though. You never know. But yes I do have plenty in mind. I just hope they come out properly. Also I made a video for Hugo. Search \"Hugo - Goo Goo Dolls \"Iris\" Music Video\" on youtube and it should be the first one on the list! I would like to thank all my viewers and reviewers for my story! Thanks Flamestone[Chapter 7] Finally an update! Sorry for the late update! None of the chapter was thought out before hand so it took longer than expected. I was on writers block for a while and life kinda got in the way. The next chapter may take a longer time to update since I might be uploading a one-shot in the near future. February, 2, 1939 Hugo gazed the ocean as he gently rubbed Isabelle's back. She was so lively when they got on the ship. She was practically jumping up and down from excitement. He wouldn't have been surprised if Isabelle had started to fly from all the energy she was pumping out. She couldn't contain her delight. She wanted to stay out on deck to explore and find an adventure. But much to her chagrin her glee turned into nausea, which in turn prevented her from doing much then stare off into the ocean until they're rooms were ready. Raymond did say that the tides were going to be rough for a while, since the weather wasn't the brightest, but he did say that it was going to get better in while. He also said something about being difficult to adjust on the first few hours. She was skeptical at first since Hugo seemed to be doing perfectly fine, but eventually she decided to believe him since there was no other hope she could cling on. Hugo frowned at his companion's distress. He wasn't quite aware that she had motion sickness. It's surprising that he didn't know, they had lived together for 8 years. But they never really traveled by car, let alone own one. So there never really was a chance for him to notice her motion sickness. \"How much longer?\" Isabelle suddenly spoke up. \"What do you mean?\" Hugo responded, surprised by her sudden question. \"I mean, how long until get to Canada?\" \"We're sailing across the Atlantic Ocean, it's going to take longer than just a few hours to get there.\" Isabelle groaned. It was only the first 2 hours and she already hated sailing. It baffled her how motion sickness stopped her completely from exploring or moving around for that matter. \"Groaning won't help very much. We're going to be living here for the next 2 months. I'm sure it's going to get better soon.\" Isabelle grumbled. She definitely did not like the idea of staying on the ship for an extended period of time. Her stupid headache prevented her from an adventure. Hugo never knew how to handle Isabelle when it came to her being in a bad mood. She rarely went into a bad mood. There are times when she goes into a bad mood when it's that time of the month. Those are the times when you just straight out stay away from her. But besides then, she was all around cheerful. He didn't know how to cheer her up and thankfully he didn't need to, Raymond had showed up to show us our room. We decided to our room because we didn't like the idea of being in separate rooms in an unfamiliar place. They weren't scared but having each nearby was reassuring for the both of them. Raymond led us to our room, but the so called room turned out to be more like a small house. He was even starting to think that the place was larger than the house that they were living in at Paris. But it was far too extravagant for his taste, especially as a person who grew up with little to no possessions. The wood of the furniture were elegantly carved and well done but it did not give off the homey feeling he was used to. Still he was in no position to complain. He could certainly get used to some of these first class stuff. Who would've dreamed that the orphan at the station would grew up to sail on a first class ship across the Atlantic Ocean? Hugo turned to look at Isabelle who seemed to have collapsed on one of the beds in the room. She seemed to be faring better on the bed than she was at the deck, he was sure it wasn't going to take a while for her to fall asleep. He hoped she would feel better when she woke up. It would definitely help her get over her sea sickness or as Raymond liked to call it adjusting. \"Monsieur Cabret, Please give this to Madame Melies this when she wakes up,\" Raymond handed him a small pill container. \"If her condition worsens, this should help her with at least a headache,\" Raymond explained. \"I apologize, I don't have anything else to help her with her ailment.\" Hugo shook his head. \"I must thank you for all the help gave us.\" \"It is no problem at all, it is pleasure to have the both of you with me,\" Raymond replied with a soft smile as he looked at his watch. \"But alas, I must get going. I hope I will be seeing you at the dining hall for supper.\" \"Yes, I hope so, though depending on Isabelle's condition. I may not be able to make an appearance. Would it be possible to have our meal here if it should come to that?\" Raymond nodded thoughtfully. \"If such case should arise, I will try to get that to work.\" \"Thank you.\" \" Oh I almost forgot. I have filled the shelves over there with quite a few books. Feel free to read them. They were personally hand-picked by me. I hope some of them suit your tastes.\" Hugo thanked him and Raymond quickly took his leave. Hugo sometimes wondered what Raymond was so busy with. He walked towards the shelves and smiled. They were indeed filled with books. After he had met Isabelle the sight of books brought him great joy. Her love for books were contagious. His eyes drifted to the sleeping Isabelle. She was going to be overjoyed to see these books. When Raymond said that she'll get better after a while he wasn't lying. It wasn't completely gone, but it was nothing she couldn't live through. Hugo was sitting by the table situated near the bed. He didn't notice her when she woke up. He looked like he was concentrating on his book, which confused her. She knew every single book that Hugo owned. It was around that time that Hugo looked up from his book smiled. He quickly answered confusion as if he sensed her puzzlement. Raymond apparently filled the bookcase with a number of books, and she had to say, he had great taste. They were all very interesting selections. Of course some of them she had already read before, but there were new books that she had never seen before. It amazed her how there were so many books that she had yet to read. The pile of books that she was going to read was enormous. She could've sat there and read books for the rest of the day, but Hugo had said something about going for supper. She didn't even realize that that her stomach was grumbling until then. She rubbed her empty stomach longingly. After she unceremoniously threw up her lunch, she hadn't had any food. Which was a long time ago. \"You sure you're alright? You seem queasy,\" Hugo spoke up in concern. Isabelle sent him a reassuring glance. \"Yeah. I'm just insufferably hungry.\" Hugo nodded understandingly. \"Don't worry we'll be getting to the dining hall soon.\" Isabelle beamed at the thought. The food was going to great, she knew it. The snacks that they provided were stunningly lavish. The meals was indefinitely better. Just the thought made her mouth water. Hugo chuckled at Isabelle's excitement. He was certainly glad that Isabelle was back to her usual self. She seemed so lifeless before. He had started to wonder if she as going to stay that way throughout the whole trip. But now he knew that wasn't going to be the case. Which was relief to say the least. He didn't want her to be staying in her bed throughout the whole trip. He wanted her to be able to go on her adventure she yearned for. He liked her that way. He liked it when she was her usual self. It was great to have his old companion back. Also to elaborate on my answer on the last chapter. Although there is going to be angst in the story, there isn't going to be very much for a number of chapters. I don't how many. But once they reach Canada, there is going to be world of angst ahead for these characters. The story is progressing slower than I thought. I had this frame that I wanted to go by but then so many ideas popped up. The amount of things I want to do is slowing down the progress. Sorry! The story is(I hope) going to pick up pace in the next chapter! I already said it in the beginning, but i think I will be doing an one-shot for a bit. I'm not sure. The next update just might come real soon, but I have plans for an one-shot, so it's a heads up to say that the next chapter might be updated later. Thanks again for all the reviews and views! Flamestone[Chapter 8] EDIT: A lot of the chapter has been rewritten! I tried to salvage what I could. I hope it's alright! Sorry for the late update! Life got in the way and I kinda got a big writers block! This chapters by far the shortest one I wrote and it is least edited one. It didn't go through a lot of steps that most of chapters do. So it might be the worst update so far. Sorry! February, 2, 1939 Hugo skimmed through the crowd eating in the dining hall. Raymond had said that he would be here at around this time, but knowing his past actions, he wouldn't be too surprised if he was late. If that were to be the case though, he hoped he would be getting here quickly, since Isabelle almost looked like she could eat anything that went by her. \"Monsieur Cabret, Madame Melies! I'm so glad you could make it!\" Hugo turned towards the voice and gave a nod of acknowledgement once he recognized it as Raymond. \"I hope you are feeling better,\" Raymond said to Isabelle with concern. \"Thankfully I am, just a little hungry,\" Isabelle replied. \"Ah yes, supper would be ready very soon,\" Raymond assured. \"That is certainly delightful to hear,\" Isabelle beamed at thought of supper. She couldn't wait to try out their meal. Especially when they have such good cooks. \"I do hope though, that you and Monsieur Cabret won't mind dining with companions?\" Hugo shook his head, and turned towards Isabelle to see if did. Although he would've liked it if he and Isabelle could eat by themselves, he didn't mind eating with other people. \"Great! Let us get to our seats then. I'm sure they will be delighted to see you!\" \"You must be Monsieur Cabret that I have been hearing about,\" a man said with mild surprise. \"Hugo Cabret. Pleasure to meet you,\" Hugo replied as he extended a hand for shake. \" Ah yes, I am well aware. You have quite a reputation to uphold with all things Raymond has been talking about,\" The man replied as took his hand shook it. Hugo chuckled. \"I do not know if I'm capable.\" The man smiled, \"Well I will have to introduce myself and my daughter here,\" the man said as he gestured to a lady next to him. \"David Chevalier, I'm the uncle of Raymond over here, and this is my daughter Elizabeth-.\" \"Please don't address me with Madame. I rather have both of you address me as Beth,\" Elizabeth spoke up with slight irritation. \"I do not like being spoken in such a formal way.\" Raymond frowned. \"Beth I think that was quite rude of-\" \"Oh please Mondie, save me the embarrassment.\" Elizabeth grumbled. \"Can the two of you just stop acting like children?\" David groaned in annoyance. \"I must apologize monsieur Cabret and madame Isabelle. These two never get along.\" Hugo scrunched up in confusion, but Isabelle nodded understandingly. She used to have friends who would fight over everything. Much to her annoyance. But she could understand that there were people who could never get along with each other. Hugo on the other hand always found these case baffling. He didn't know why people just could't get along. Sure he had trouble getting along with the station inspector and Papa George, but if you look past the differences, there surely were places that people could relate with. \"Yeah yeah Dave, apologize like the gentlemen you are,\" Elizabeth said as she rolled her eyes. Hugo raised an eyebrow from the way Elizabeth addressed David, but remained silent when he notice how David ignored her. He didn't seem very fazed, it almost looked as if Elizabeth hadn't spoke at all. \"Well here comes supper!\" Isabelle suddenly exclaimed. David chuckled at her excitement. \"Yes, here comes our supper\" Hugo stole a glance towards Elizabeth as he finished his plate. He would have thought that Elizabeth was beautiful if it weren't for the scowl that she seemed wear. To be honest, he would have thought that she was gorgeous. It seemed being handsome ran in their family. \"Well since we have done eating, would the two of you like to come over for tea afterwards?\" David asked hopefully. \"Thank you, but I must decline. It was quite a tiring day, I think we would like to turn in for the night,\" Hugo replied. \"Yes. I think I just might fall asleep here if I don't get to bed soon,\" Isabelle agreed. \"It can't be helped. I do hope to see the two of you at breakfast though,\" David said as he got up from his seat. Hugo nodded and quickly got up from his chair. \"I will try to get there then, it was a pleasure to meet you monsieur.\" \"Well til next time,\" David said and turned around to leave, which Elizabeth followed suit. \"I'm sorry that Beth behaved the way she did. She has her reasons though,\" Raymond said apologeticlly. \"We understand,\" Isabelle replied with a sympathetic smile. \"I thank you,\" Raymond said and went to catch up to the two who left first. \"They're good people,\" Hugo spoke as Raymond stepped out the diner doors. Isabelle nodded in agreement. \"Though it may take some time to get along with Beth\". \"I do hope it doesn't take too long though,\" Hugo said with a slight frown. Isabelle raised an eyebrow, then smirked. \"Why? Do you fancy her?\" \"W-what are saying!\" Hugo spluttered. \"You're blushing,\" Isabelle teased. \"I just met her though!\" \"Ooh love at first sight,\" \"Come on!\" Isabelle broke out into a laugh as she watched Hugo blush from head to toe. Teasing Hugo was truly one of her favorite pass time, and so she wasn't going to let this go anytime soon. I will try to make the next chapter better![Chapter 9] Another update! I think from now on though, I might do faster updates but shorter chapters. I can't seem to write long chapters anymore. Sorry! February, 10, 1939 Isabelle couldn't quite put a finger to it but it seemed like Hugo was growing distant towards her. If he wasn't growing distant, he was at least grieving at something. He was fiddling with his watch more often than he usually does. Which she learned that he does when he is nervous or stress. She didn't know why he was doing it though. He even looked defeated and lonely at times. She would ask what he was feeling down about, but he would always wave it off and block her out. It always frustrated her to no ends. Raymond would try to comfort her when Hugo was feeling really down though. Surprisingly, she and Raymond had gotten pretty close in a matter of a week. They had the same love for literature and quite similar taste as well. They even called each other by first names, which Isabelle was grateful for. She never liked it when people called her Madame. But still she would still get frustrated over Hugo's reasonless (at least she believed it was reasonless) moping. Sometimes she wondered if she was overthinking things, because for good portion of the time Hugo was still the normal Hugo that she was used to. Even if he had his grief moments a lot more often than he used to. Her thoughts were interrupted from the sound of the door opening. \"Good afternoon Monsieur Cabret and Isabelle!\" Isabelle initially smiled as Raymond walked into the room, but it quickly changed into slight frown as she notice Hugo's scowl deepen. She noticed it before, but Hugo seemed to dislike Raymond for an odd reason. She was going to need to talk him about this, before Raymond started to notice his attitude towards him. \"Surely is fine day,\" Raymond said cheerfully as he took a seat at one of chairs in the room. Isabelle nodded in agreement. Despite her foul mood, she couldn't help but notice how the weather was beautiful. \"I gotten my hands on this excellent book from one of the English passenger on board. I hope you are able to read English,\" Raymond put down a worn hardcover book down the table for Isabelle to see. \"It isn't in the best quality, but it is readable and I must say it was truly a marvelous adventure.\" \"Is it?\" Isabelle asked with interest as she pick up the book. \"It is quite a book, I must say it is one my favorites now,\" Raymond replied with eagerness. Isabelle smiled at his gleeful mood and read the title out load. \"The Hobbit, There and Back Again. By-\" \"J.R.R Tolkien,\" Hugo said suddenly. \"I already read that one and I must agree with Raymond. It is a dazzling adventure.\" Isabelle raised an eyebrow at Hugo's sudden interest. He wasn't the one to interrupt people while talking. \"I met someone who had met JRR Tolkien and had a signed copy of book. He let me borrow the book for a bit. Which would explain why you didn't know about it, in case you were wondering,\" Hugo slowly got up from his chair and formed a soft smile. \"I'm sure my father would've loved it too.\" Hugo added solemnly as he walked towards the door. \"Where you going?\" Isabelle quickly preceded to getting up from her chair, but was stopped by Raymond. \"I think he needs some time alone. I've experienced this before. Beth had these occasional grief periods\" Raymond said as he put his hand on her shoulder to prevent her from chasing after him. Isabelle sent him quite a glare, but he stood his ground. \"If he left the room he probably doesn't want to be with you as of now. Don't worry though I'll try to talk to him,\" Raymond told her as he got up from his chair. \"You should read the book, it will get your mind off things for a while,\" Raymond added before leaving the room. Isabelle let out a defeated sigh as she opened up the book. She was going to have a long talk with Hugo once he comes back. The fleeting winter breeze greeted Hugo as he walked out onto the deck. He was relieved to see that there was few people out on deck. On the first few days people would come out and enjoy the ocean scenery, but as the week passed, the amount of people on deck started to dwindle. But still quite a lot of people before supper and after supper. Something about being romantic, but there wasn't a lot of people here at the moment, much to Hugo's relief. Hugo leaned onto the railings of the ship and pulled shoved his hands into his jacket pocket. He frowned when he felt something shuffle his pocket. His frown turned into a sad smile in realization as he pulled a packet out of his pocket. It was his father's last cigarette packet. It still had some cigarettes inside. He never threw it away. It was one his father's last remaining possessions (besides the automaton of course). Some would think that it was little weird to keep a packet of cigarette for over 9 years. But he never had the courage to throw it away. He kept it close to him for comfort. But after Papa George had taken him in, he forgot about the packet. At least for the most part. \"What are you moping about for?\" Hugo frowned as he noticed Beth looking at him in irritation. \"I do not wish to grace that question with an answer.\" Beth rolled her eyes at Hugo's response. \"Whatever you say thief.\" Hugo raised an eyebrow. \"You're still going on about that?\" \"Of course I am. You stole my necklace right before my eyes, with your magic trick of yours.\" \"That's the point of the trick,\" Hugo defended. \"Yes, but that was an important necklace!\" \"Is it that expensive?\" \"It's not about being expensive!\" Beth shouted in frustration. Hugo raised his hands in defeat at her sudden outburst. \"Alright, alright. I sincerely apologize,\" Hugo didn't think of necklace too much before. It looked like it was sapphire, but he didn't think to much of it, especially with the cross scratch at the near the bottom of it. \"Good. Now that's-Oh wait, Mondie's coming catch you later,\" Beth said hurriedly and quickly turned around to leave. Hugo nodded and looked at Raymond quizzically as he made his way towards him. With the way he left, he was pretty sure that Isabelle was going to chase after him, but instead Raymond was coming towards him. Which was relief and a bit of a disappointing. Because deep down inside he wanted her to chase after him and comfort him. It was selfish of him of course, but it was still a little disappointing. \"Monsieur Cabret. May we talk for a moment?\" So that's that. Let me know what you think! I will try to upload another chapter fast as possible. Also it is quite possible that I might do some pointless short fluffs or series one shotish stories that go on the ship from now to maybe until 5-7 chapters. Then they will be in Canada. Or I might finish this story until they arrive in Canada and then have a part two for it. Thanks for all the support! Flamestone[Chapter 10] Another update and it's chapter 10 (Kind of surprsing)! I'm updating quite fast aren't I? This chapter is kinda confusing. Well at least I think it is. The characters may seem a little OOC. T his chapter has a song that I like(Passenger – Life's For The Living). I really recommend people to listen to him. He is a really good artist. One of my favorite artists. There might be more times when I use his songs. Discalimers: I don't own the song, or Hugo. I only own my OCs. February 10, 1939 Hugo formed a slight frown as Raymond walked up to you. With the way he left, he was pretty sure that Isabelle was going to chase after him, but instead Raymond was coming towards him. Which was relief and a bit of a disappointing. Because deep down inside he wanted her to chase after him and comfort him. It was selfish of him of course, but it was still a little disappointing. \"Monsieur Cabret. May we talk for a moment?\" Raymond asked uncertainly. Hugo would've liked to refuse, but considering that Raymond was a persistent man (which he learned over the course of the week). He wasn't going to take a no for an answer. \"I hope Beth hasn't said anything too rude, she has a…. colorful vocabulary,\" Raymond said with concern. \"I'm not sure if I should be the one to say this, but Beth wasn't raised by my uncle before 13. She actually lived in a place with poor living conditions,\" Raymond fidgeted and turned towards the ocean. Hugo raised an eyebrow. \"That might explain quite a few things about her\". Raymond let out a soft chuckle. \"She was distance relative of my uncle. So my uncle offered a place for the family to stay instead of the place they were living in, but they always refused. They were happy where they were. I visited them sometimes, \"Raymond smiled sadly at the thought. \"Her parents were good people, they always gave me treats even though they barely got by themselves. I used to like them for that when I was kid. I would've thanked them for all they did for me, if they weren't…\" Raymond trailed off and took a deep breath before continuing. \"If they weren't killed…\" \"Killed?\" Hugo spoke up in confusion Raymond solemnly nodded before continuing. \"It's not for me to tell how. It's a touchy subject for Beth,\" Hugo nodded understandingly. \"After her parents were killed. Beth disappeared for a year. We all thought that she was dead, but we received word that she was found and was at an orphanage. My uncle quickly went to the orphanage too adopt her, but for a while she was silent and when she finally did speak they weren't in the… best vocabulary. She seemed to have learned a few things from when she disappeared,\" Raymond finished. Hugo's eyebrow's furrowed in confusion when he finished. \"May I ask why you are telling me this?\" \"I see similarities between Beth and you, monsieur Cabret,\" Raymond answered. \"I can guess that you are grieving for someone, and this might be rude of me to say, but my grandmother used to say this to me.\" Raymond closed his eyes thoughtfully as if he was recalling what his grandmother had told him before continuing.. (Passenger – Life's for the Living) Don't you cry for the lost Smile for the living Get what you need and give what you're given Life's for the living so live it Or you're better off dead \"Well at least that is what my grandmother had told me, and it was quite helpful for me. But you must not misunderstand it as me saying not to grieve. By no means. But I am hoping that monsieur Cabret could smile a little more often. I don't know what caused you to have a gloomy mood, but it has been effecting Isabelle quite a bit. So I hope you could be more cheerful, at least for Isabelle's sake,\" Raymond said. Hugo fiddled with his watch and looked down in deep thought. He had a foolish reason for feeling so down for the past few days. It was childish really, but he was feeling left out. Isabelle was getting quite close to Raymond, due to their shared love for literature. Hugo loved books for sure, but he didn't quite have the same amount of love as Isabelle did. But Raymond had the same if not more love for books. Which might have been the reason that Isabelle was so eager to talk to Raymond. So naturally him being pessimistic person, he had quite depressing thoughts. \"Monsieur are you feeling alright?\" Raymond suddenly spoke up in worry. Hugo looked up and smiled. \"Hugo is fine.\" \"I'm sorry? Could you repeat that?\" Hugo didn't realize how odd it sounded until he had already said it. \"What I meant to say is that, you may call me Hugo. And yes I am feeling fine,\" Hugo said with a chuckle. There was no use feeling down right now. Yes for Isabelle's sake, he would have to stop this \"Ah yes. If it is okay with you, I shall call Hugo,\" Raymond replied with a soft chuckle of his own. Isabelle wasn't quite sure what to feel when she saw Hugo and Raymond walk in while laughing. She was certainly happy that Hugo was feeling better. But she didn't know what caused him to change so suddenly. But she wasn't in any way going to complain. Whatever Raymond did worked quite finely. With the way Hugo came in, she was almost going to save him from the talk . Almost. Oh how he was going to suffer, she was going to make sure of it. Isabelle's train of thought broke when Raymond suddenly spoke. \"Did you finish the book already?\" Isabelle blinked a few times, before the question finally registered in her head. \"Oh, unfortunately I haven't. I haven't been able to concentrate, because of a certain someone But yes the book is certainly interesting.\" Hugo cringed. She wasn't going to leave him alone, for quite a while now. And he knew that she was going to do her talk . She called it a talk, but it wasn't in any way a talk. It was more like one sided scolding. These are the times when he truly feared her. \"Ah yes. I understand that a certain someone has been bother your mind,\" Raymond agreed with a smirk. \"Oh yes, of course I won't name anyone. But this certain someone walked out of the room without giving me a reason,\" Isabelle added. \"That's quite rude isn't? There must be some sort of consequences for that someone's actions,\" Raymond chimed. \"Of course. There will be consequences for someone's actions,\" Isabelle assured. With every word Hugo could feel himself grow smaller and smaller. He didn't need to be a genius for him to know that tonight was going to be a long night. How was it? I would love to hear your thoughts, since they are always helpful! So please review if you have any thoughts. Also since its chapter 10, I will be accepting questions about my story again. I would answer the question in my next update! (As long as my answer is going to spoil too many stuff, but minor spoilers might be put as answers) I don't think I will be able to update as fast I did with this chapter. I'm not sure though. So please be patient with me! Thanks Flamestone[Chapter 11] Late chapter update. I had most of written but I forgot to upload it. XD. Pretty standard chapter. Also I rewrote chapter 8. For those who haven't read the rewritten version yet, please do! It think it's a lot better than what I originally uploaded. I have part in the story that has some Hobbit related stuff, but rest assure, there are no spoilers. I won't be spoiling anything for the people who haven't read the book. EDIT:Rewrote the final bit of the chapter! Disclaimers: I don't own Hugo or The Hobbit. I do have the book though, but no I didn't write the book. February 10, 1939 Hugo could the feel the temperature in the room drop by a few degrees when Raymond left the room. He was sure that Isabelle was referring to the talk when she meant consequences. And he for one never liked those talks. Even though Isabelle called it the talk, he was pretty sure that it was one sided scolding and usually it lead to lasting consequences. If Isabelle was good at something besides literature, it would be making someone feel real bad about themselves. Especially on someone like Hugo who already had a pretty weak self-confidence. But it kind of had a different feeling every time. There were ones that were pretty weak compared to others while others, really stood out. But that was to be expected since they always handled something different. There was one time when he had borrowed Isabelle's book and he lost it at the train station. And unfortunately for him the book was one of the favorites of Isabelle. Though the station inspector did find it eventually, Isabelle still was quite mad about it, and because of that she barely ever lends him a book. He could still read her books, but it has to be in her supervision. But that's now, before she wouldn't even let him touch her books for quite a while. That was actually the first time he had gotten the talk, and after the talk he tried to stay away from getting on the bad side of Isabelle. \"Hugo.\" Hugo gulped at the sound of his name. He was sure this one was going to be the worst one yet. He was certain. He was going to need a way to avoid it. \"Would you like to do this the hard way, or the easy way?\" \"Do we have to do this Bell? I said sorry\" Hugo groaned. \"Don't use that name on me Hugo. It won't work.\" \"Come on Bell.\" \"No it won't work,\" Isabelle would've believed that she had Hugo in her grasps by now, if it weren't for the devilish smirk suddenly appearing on Hugo's face. \"What are you smiling about?\" Isabelle asked, only for his smirk to grow wider. \"I'm going to the spoil the book,\" Hugo said simply. \"What?\" Isabelle raised an eyebrow in confusion. \"I'm going to spoil the book,\" Hugo repeated. \"What book?\" \"You know which book I'm talking about.\" Isabelle scrunched up her face in thought, but then it dawned onto her. \"You wouldn't dare.\" \"I would.\" \"You're bluffing.\" \"Nope. You know at the end of the book-\" \"That's so unfair!\" \"-oh wait before that, do you know the character-\" \"Ok fine! I'll let you off the hook for now,\" Isabelle exclaimed in defeat. Hugo grinned. It wasn't often he beat Isabelle in an argument. He was lucky that she started to read book that he already read. He was going to need to thank Raymond for this later. \"Just you wait, until I finish the book,\" Isabelle said in attempt to intimidate him. Hugo highly doubted that she would remember this argument at all by the time she finished the book. Once Isabelle finished a good book, (and he was confident that the Hobbit was a good book) the only thing she would talk about was the book she just finished. So in the end he got away with this cleanly. He never felt this lucky since the train incident. Today was a good day. February 17, 1939 Isabelle closed the book with a smile. She just finished the book that Raymond gave her a week ago. It took a lot longer than she anticipated, but that was to be expected since, it was an English book. Although she was better at English than the average French, but still took a quite a bit of time. And she had say it was worth the time and effort. It was great book. It was thrilling adventure indeed. \"Did you finish the book?\" Isabelle looked up in surprise from the sudden voice. She raised an eyebrow when she noticed who it was. \"Yes, I did finish book. And I must thank you for letting me borrow the book, but I must ask what you may be doing here? You would all over the place, doing whatever you usually do,\" Isabelle asked Raymond. \"Ah yes. The English passenger that I borrowed this book from, is getting impatient and wants his book now, but seeing you have finished the book, there won't be any problems there,\" Raymond replied. Isabelle nodded understandingly as she handed the book to Raymond. \"Yes, it seems I have held onto to the book for far too long.\" \"How was it?\" Raymond asked and took the book from Isabelle. Isabelle grinned. \"I don't think I can express my love for that book through words.\" \"Oh yes, that's how I felt when I finished the book,\" Raymond chuckled. \"But I especially liked the Smaug.\" \"Yes I agree, but I must say that I liked Beorn more. He's an interesting character.\" \"He is an interesting character, but we have to say that Bilbo is an interesting one too,\" Raymond nodded in agreement and looked at his watch, \"ah, I would have to go now, I would like to continue this at supper though,\" Raymond said apologetically. \"Of course,\" Isabelle replied. Raymond quickly turned around left through the door. When Hugo found Isabelle in the room with a large grin on her face, he didn't know whether to be happy or worried. But he was pretty sure it was latter when she looked at him with a bigger smile. But his worries were answered when she said that she finished the book. He had a small fear that she was going to remember last week's event, fortunately for him she didn't. But Unfortunately for him though, she wouldn't stop rambling about the book. He needed to get out of here fast. \"-riddles in the dark was brilliantly done-\" \"Isabelle.\" \"-the riddles were interesting-\" \"Isabelle!\" \"Huh?\" \"May I be excused?\" Hugo asked. \"Why?\" Isabelle questioned in slight disappointment. \"I think I need some fresh air, this place is getting to stuffy,\" which wasn't a lie, since he did some fresh air. He just had other reasons too. \"Okay. I think I needs some food anyway,\" Isabelle answered as she looked at the clock. It was getting close to when they gave out some food by the snack bar. \"Alright, I'll be out on deck though, so meet me there if want to,\" Hugo said as he got up. \"Yeah, Okay. I'll meet you there in about 15 minutes,\" Isabelle replied and followed up after him. Hugo nodded and stepped out the door. He slowly walked through the halls as he navigated towards the deck. He didn't have too much trouble with directions, he's done it before and he was naturally good with directions. His years of navigating through the train station had given a lot experience there. Hugo didn't know that he already arrived on deck before the cold air hit his unsuspecting figure. It was quite chilly still. Not cold, but still chilly. He would of worn a thicker jacket if he had the chance to, but he didn't mind the cold. It would've been a peaceful place if it hadn't been for the muffled sobbing he could hear by the bench. Hugo walked towards the distressed figure. He would've left the person alone, but the person wasn't a stranger to him somehow. Well she was familiar to him in some way. And the fact that he could tell from the sobbing that it was girl or lady there. Which meant he couldn't leave the person alone. It wasn't gentlemen like (something Isabelle taught him). \"Excuse me Madame, are you...\" Hugo trailed off as he got a closer look of the person. \"Beth?\" What's happening with Beth? I'll try to upload the next chapter ASAP. More development for Beth in the next chapter. I hope everyone enjoyed the chapter! Thanks Flamestone[Chapter 12] I'm back with another late update. XD. Pretty standard chapter I guess. Also for people who are wondering when their going get to Canada, I'm guessing in 5-6 chapters. I have planned out what I will do for the next 5-6 chapters so I might have faster updates from now on. But nothing is for certain though, because my plans might change. Disclaimers: I don't own Hugo \"Beth?\" Hugo wouldn't have believed it if he hadn't seen it for himself. Elizabeth was crying. It was more than crying. It was more like sobbing. Which is an even more difficult to see. He knew that for one that she wasn't the one to cry over small things. He couldn't fathom what could breakdown Beth like this. \"Hugo?\" Beth said in between sobs. Hugo looked up and held a reassuring smile, \"what's the problem?\" Instead of getting an answer to his question he was hoping for, she collapsed into his shoulder and continued to sob, \"Uh...\" Hugo was baffled by how the events had unfolded in the matter of minutes. When he first stepped out to the deck, he was sure he was going to get a few minutes of silence and alone time, but with the way things were now he doubted he would getting any of that. Quite frankly he hoped Isabelle would hurry up and come to the deck now. \" My...\" he heard Beth begin only for another sob to interrupt her. \"You can tell me what's bothering you. I have the ears to listen,\" Hugo whispered softly and awkwardly rubbed her back. He stayed silent and waited for her to speak. He didn't know how long he waited until she spoke, but to him it seemed to drag on for hours. \"I ...lost it,\" Beth simply said before she pushed further into Hugo's embrace. \" Lost what?\" Hugo asked uncertainly. \"My n-necklace,\" Beth replied. Hugo's slightly raised an eyebrow in mild shock. He didn't know why someone would cry over a necklace, but it was rude to think of it that way, Beth must of had a reason for it. Especially with the way she was. She wouldn't cry over anything. He didn't have too much interaction with Beth, but he had enough to know that much. Even if he hadn't he had heard enough from Raymond. \"I... n-need t-o... find it, \" Beth muttered. \"Don't worry, we will,\" Hugo whispered soothingly. \"We will?\" Beth asked uncertainly. Hugo pulled Beth out the embrace and smiled reassuringly, \"We will, and crying won't help us find your necklace,\" Hugo said as he wiped her tears off her face, \"so don't you cry\". Beth managed to nod as she fought back another break down. Hugo relaxed slightly as Beth seemed to calm down, \"good that's better,\" it pained him to see someone seem so broken. The only time he had seen someone so broken was when Papa George found him in his room and when his father lost mother. Which both people got over. But it still was a truly sad sight for him to see when he was young. He had seen other people breakdown or broken in some way, but none could compare to the way Papa George or his father were broken. But with the way Beth was broken he was sure she cut close. \"Hugo?\" Hugo looked up to see Isabelle looking at him. He didn't know he'd be this happy to see Isabelle after the last few days. \" Is that Beth?\" Isabelle asked. Hugo solemnly nodded in reply. \"What happened?\" Raymond softly closed the door to his room and let out a sigh of relief. For the moment Beth was asleep. This wasn't the first time that she lost her necklace and every time she does, she turns out to be an emotional wreck. He knew Beth had every thing pent up inside herself, and her necklace is a sort of a lock that keeps most of it inside. It's difficult to calm down Beth when she loses her necklace. He had to hand it to Isabelle and Hugo, he didn't know what they did, but they somehow calm down Beth. \"How is she?\" Isabelle spoke up. Raymond smiled reassuringly, \"she's fine.\" Isabelle relaxed her shoulders in relief. \"I do believe that an explanation is in order,\" Raymond said. \"If it makes you uncomfortable you don't have to explain anything for us,\" Hugo assured. \"No, I think you have the right to know,\" Raymond told Hugo. \"If you are sure...\" Isabelle said uncertainly. Raymond nodded with surety. \"It would do no good to hide it,\" Raymond took a deep breath before he continued. \"The necklace was her mother's, and as you may already know, they weren't a very well off family. And the necklace was quite an expensive thing to buy. Still her father had managed to get his hands on it with years of saving all the spare money he had,\" Raymond explained. Hugo nodded understandingly. \"I'm not quite sure why her father worked so hard to get the necklace for her, but in end he did get it. I don't how but someone must of seen him buy it and followed him home or it might of been just by pure coincidence that a thief came into their house...\" Raymond trailed off. Isabelle opened her mouth to say something but was cut off when Raymond continued. \"That night Beth stayed up at night to look at the necklace. When she heard a door open she turned around expecting to see her parents, but found a totally different person in front of her. Of course she did the only thing a little girl could do at the time. She screamed. Which woke her parents,\" Raymond said. Hugo frowned. It did explain why she had such a distaste towards thieves and his little trick with her necklace. \"I'm not quite sure what happened afterwards, Beth never told me. But her parents were shot and Beth ran away from home. She must took the necklace with her without thinking. So the necklace is the last piece of reminder she has of her parents. Where she disappeared for an year I'm not sure,\" Raymond finished. \"Oh I'm so sorry you had to explain that to us...\" Isabelle said as she wiped a single tear drop. \"Well then we have no time to waste, we need to start looking for her necklace,\" Hugo stated. \"I must be the one to apologize, you are doing so much for us, when it did not concern you,\" Raymond said apologetically. \"We can hardly sit back and do nothing,\" Isabelle assured. \"If you are all so sure to help us, then let's start looking.\" Hugo walked through the hall as he looked for Beth's necklace. Raymond had told him the places that she might of lost it, but so far he was finding his efforts fruitless. He been looking for quite a long time with no results. He just hoped the necklace was still on the ship. Still he was by no means giving up. He couldn't leave someone that was broken like that alone. He was going to see this one through. \"Excuse me, monsieur?\" A female voice called. Hugo quickly turned around to face the person who called him. The lady had elegantly combed chocolate brown hair with alluring sapphire blue eyes. It took a little bit for Hugo to shake his daze off and answer her.\"Yes, madame?\" \"Would you perhaps know the direction to the dinning hall?\" The lady asked him. \"Ah yes, you would need to...\" Hugo trailed off as he noticed a certain glimmer around her neck. He blinked his eyes to try see if his eyes were playing tricks on him. \"Excuse me is that necklace...\" Cliff hangers! I love them! I'm sure y'all do too. How was it? Hope it wasn't bad. Just hold out for another few chapters and they will be in Canada! Review Flamestone,[Chapter 13] Chapter 13 is up! Change of plans! I originally had plans to extend their stay on the boat, but I came to think that people would likely want to see them in Canada more than on the boat. So even if it may feel rushed, please bear with me. Also this should be the end of part 1. So I will be taking a break(I don't know how long the break will be) before uploading the next chapter. And even after I upload the next chapter, I think the updates are going to be slow, since I'm thinking of writing another series. Please let me know what you think in the reviews! Disclaimers: I don't own Hugo. Also the date where they arrive in Canada is just a guess by me so it is nothing accurate. February, 17, 1939 \"Excuse me is that necklace...\" Hugo trailed off. He blinked a few times to make sure he wasn't seeing thing. But he was pretty sure that necklace was Beth's. Only Beth's necklace had a cross scratch near the bottom of the sapphire. \"What about his necklace?\" The women questioned defensively. \"May I see the necklace for a second?\" Hugo asked uncertainly. He was pretty sure that the necklace was Beth's but he had to make sure of few things. \"I don't have any obligation to do that,\" replied dismissively. \"Please… It is important,\" Hugo pleaded. The women stood silent for a while before handing him the necklace to him. If Hugo had any doubts before, now he was certain. The necklace had Beth's initials etched onto the back. So unless this person had the exact same name, it would be Beth's for sure. \"May I ask where you might've found this necklace Madame?\" Hugo asked. \"Why do you ask?\" \"Ah… It would be better to show you rather than explain.\" \"If I had known… I apologize for all the inconvenience I may have caused everybody,\" the lady apologized. It took shorter than Hugo anticipated to convince the lady that the necklace was Beth's. Apparently she found it rolling around the hall near the deck and she took it thinking that someone threw it away. \"I do believe that an introduction is in order,\" the lady spoke. \"Ah…yes, name is Raymond Chevalier, it was pleasure to meet you Madame,\" Raymond replied. \"Hugo Cabret.\" \"Isabelle Melies\" \"Brigitte Beaubien, though we did go off on the wrong foot, the pleasure is all mine,\" the lady said with a smile. Hugo returned the smile, \"well I do hope we get chance meet again.\" \"Oh I certainly hope this would not the last time we would meet,\" Brigette said. \"I do believe that we are heading towards the same way,\" Raymond mused \"Also, I think we are going to be on the same boat for quite some time,\" Isabelle added. Hugo nodded in agreement. \"Then I'm sure an opportune would show itself,\" Brigette said. \"Yes I am sure it will,\" Hugo agreed. \"Well I must be going. I'm sure my parents are quite worried where I've run off to,\" Brigette said. \"Ah yes, we can't keep you here forever,\" Raymond said. Hugo gave a soft chuckle,\"until then\" \"Yes, until then,\" Brigette repeated before turning to leave. March, 8, 1939 Hugo breathed in the air as he looked around the port. They were finally here after weeks of sailing, and he had to say that it is relieving to be on solid ground. Isabelle was beyond relieved, she was almost jumping up and down from excitement. It was quite some time since he had seen her that happy. He was probably more glad that she was happy then arriving in Canada. Hugo shivered slightly from a fleeting winter breeze. Though it was getting quite close to spring the weather in Canada was still very cold. Raymond had joked saying that Canada had only two seasons. Winter and July. Hugo hoped that was only in joke and not in reality. He was not ready for 11 months of winter. Hugo turned towards Isabelle. She seemed to calm down, but that may have been from the cold, since she was shivering slightly. Hugo gave a small smile as he walked towards her, \"you cold?\" Hugo asked her. \"Huh?\" \"Are you cold?\" Hugo repeated. \"Oh... no not really,\" Isabelle assured. \"You're shivering,\" \"But I'm not cold,\" Hugo sighed and wrapped his jacket around Isabelle. \"I told you, I'm not cold,\" Isabelle grunted. \"You can say what you want, but I'm not taking my jacket back,\" Hugo said. \"You sure you don't need it?\" \"No, I'm fine, I can even wear shorts in the winter,\" Hugo assured. \"Yes, I think we already went through this before we left Paris,\" Isabelle said in annoyance. Hugo softly chuckled, \"Was it it that far back? It seems like yesterday...\" \"Yeah...\" Hugo grabbed Isabelle's hand and smiled, \"let's get going shall we?\" Isabelle walked into the place where they were going to call a home for a while. It was much larger than she had anticipated. She didn't expect anything larger than a room or two, but this was more of house made for a family of five than mere amount of two. It was surely too large for just Hugo and herself. \"I do hope you like it,\" Raymond asked hopefully. \"I don't know if we can ask this much from you,\" Isabelle replied apologetically. Which Hugo also voiced in agreement. \"No, we have few more these. We used to us these often when grandfather was around, but after... he passed away, they come into disuse,\" Raymond assured. \"If you are sure...\" Isabelle said. \"I am sure. Besides you would be doing me favor by using this. It's been useless til now,\" Raymond reassured. \"I should let you two settle in,\" Raymond said Hugo nodded, \"will we be seeing in the morning?\" \"No... I have some business I need to attend to,\" Raymond replied. \"I bid you goodnight,\" Raymond said before leaving. Hugo looked at his watch, \"It's getting late. We should unpack only the ones we need to and do the rest tomorrow.\" Isabelle nodded in agreement and picked up a baggage, \"let's get to it then.\" Disclaimers: The joke about Canada having only two seasons is strictly a joke used by Raymond for the brightening of the story and is not by any means something that I believe in. If anyone missed it in the beginning of the chapter. I will be taking a break for a while. How was it? I hope it didn't feel too out of place. PREVIEWS of the next part(They may or may not happen. They're all just points): \"Tension rises in the east. Another Great War?\" Hugo groaned. He had somehow gotten on the bad side of Isabelle and that meant anything but good things were going to happen. The night was silent as he walked down the street aimlessly. Even the dogs did not bark as if to let him wallow in his sorrows silently. Thanks Flamestone ","Summary":" The first fanfic I uploaded! So please no flames. I hope it isn't too bad. It probably would be eve"},{"Movie":"The Room, 2003","Title":"The Room: A Novelization","Author":"GazingAbyss","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9864306","Passage":"[Chapter 1] FOREWORD First off, I feel it's only fair to warn you: this at least started out as an earnest attempt to turn the Room into a novel. Most (but certainly not all) of it is simply recounting of events from the movie, and I did try to avoid the impulse to editorialise or make cheap jokes. Not to say that that's not in there, but I tried to stay true to Tommy Wiseau's masterpiece as much as I could. For that reason, I'll also warn you that some of the chapters are really long because I wanted to keep all the scenes intact, even the ones that seem to go on forever. Why (you're asking yourself) did I write this? The credit – or possibly blame – must go to the Book Was Better, a podcast devoted to reviewing terrible novelizations of movies. As much as I have laughed at the novels they review, I've always been a little impressed at the way the writers who do novelizations crank out books, so when I was trying to think of a project for NaNoWriMo, I decided to see if I could do the same. The decision to do the Room came about because, just before NaNoWriMo started, I had read the Disaster Artist, by Greg \"Oh, hai Mark\" Sestero, and was fascinated. (btw, I highly recommend checking out the Book Was Better if you're into mocking people's failures, and the Disaster Artist if you enjoy the Room. Since you're reading a fanfic of the Room, I assume both apply.) I hope I don't sound pretentious, because really, everyone knows this quote, but Friedrich Nietzsche once said that if you gaze into the abyss, the abyss gazes also into you. After watching this movie over and over, getting to know every frame, I've come to realise that Nietzsche was wrong. The abyss doesn't gaze back. The abyss cannot gaze back. The abyss is the blackness of the human soul, driven not by rational thought, but by grasping, all-consuming gluttony. It is Azathoth, the blind, idiot god, the nuclear chaos at the centre of infinity, the amorphous blight beyond angled space whose mindless existence is can only be described as deafening sensation. The abyss is the Room. Come. Gaze into the mouth of madness with me. *ahem* Sorry about that. Where was I? Oh yeah! Please feel free to leave a review. I'd really appreciate your thoughts. And if you enjoy my mind drippings, you can check out my other works on this site or find me on Twitter under SeaLenz. Thanks! THE ROOM The trolley rattled over the tracks, nearly jostling the wrapped gift box out of Johnny's hands. He repositioned it on his lap, thinking of its contents, red as the shiny exterior of the vehicle taking him home. By the time Johnny jogged off the stopped trolley, the streets were bathed in the orange haze of sunset. Johnny pushed a long, thick strand of his black hair out of his eyes as he walked, the brown bricks of his condo coming into view as he crested a hill. Climbing the front steps, he ran his free hand, the one that wasn't carrying the tastefully wrapped package, up the wrought iron railing that led to his doorstep. He dug deep into the pocket of his spacious jacket while carefully hiding the gift behind his back, finally retrieving his keys and unlocking the door. The door swung open to reveal the lush crimson walls of the condo Johnny shared with Lisa, his future wife. Thick drapes hung over the windows, tinting the sunlight that pierced into the room to a dim, welcoming blush. Scented candles had been placed lovingly on the brick mantle of the fireplace, and artwork surrounded by glinting silver frames decorated the room. Two ornate columns stood on either side of the front door, completing the luxurious living space. \"Hi, babe,\" Johnny said as soon as he saw Lisa, his future wife, sitting on the couch. Lisa rose to greet Johnny, her pleasure at seeing her future husband evident in her blissful smile. Confronted with the sight of her – the sky-blue tank top hugging her curves, the slits on her black skirt showing just enough leg, her perfect, pale skin, most of her blonde hair gathered in a bun to accentuate the delicate arch of her neck, leaving her bangs to fall in front of her eyes – Johnny was struck once again with the thought of how fortunate he was to have Lisa waiting for him when he returned from work every night. She walked towards him on long, graceful legs. \"I've something for you,\" Jonny said with a chuckle. Lisa's eyes darted down to where Johnny's hands were tucked behind his back, a laugh tugging at the corners of her lips. \"What is it?\" she asked. \"Just a little something,\" Johnny teased. With a giggle, Lisa reached down, her hand grasping for the package behind Johnny. Johnny bent his knees and arched his back, using his long limbs to keep the box just out of Lisa's reach. For a few moments he played keep-away before producing the gift, wrapped in leopard print wrapping paper and topped with an enormous red bow. Thick red ribbons were tied around the lid of the box, creating the illusion that its contents were secure, like a perfect life that nothing could intrude upon. Lisa lifted the lid of the box and cast it to the floor, exposing tissue paper which she crumpled and shoved to the side. \"Oh,\" she sighed as she saw the red spilling from the cardboard packaging. Clasping the straps of the dress in her hands, smooth as water running between her fingers, Lisa held the garment up, watching the silk shimmer and dance in the light. \"Johnny, it's beautiful,\" she told her future husband. Warmth spread through Johnny at the delight in Lisa's face. Lisa lifted the dress higher, pulling it out of the box, and pressed it to her chest, admiring the way the soft fabric draped and enfolded her form, as Johnny gently placed the now empty box in the chair next to him. \"Can I try it on now?\" Lisa gushed with excitement. \"Sure, it's yours,\" Johnny grinned, his voice a low mumble. Grabbing the loose necktie that dangled around Johnny's neck, Lisa pulled her future husband closer. \"You wait right here,\" she purred as she leaned in to kiss him, \"I'm gonna try it on right now.\" \"Mmhmm,\" was all Johnny could manage in response to the slow smile spreading across Lisa's lips. As Lisa disappeared upstairs, he strolled over to the brown couch, draped in sheep skins and fluffy white pillows, and sat, letting the stress of a long day at work wash away in waves, soothed by the familiar, comforting sights of his home and the anticipation to see his future wife as she always deserved to be dressed. A few minutes later, Johnny's reverie was interrupted by the sound of heels clicking against the floor. He opened his eyes and looked up to see the backs of black stilettos descending the hardwood steps of the winding spiral staircase across from him. The strappy shoes went down a few more steps, and the rippling red hem of the dress came into view, flowing with every movement like a part of Lisa's body. Lisa's creamy white hand came into view, caressing the stainless steel banister, as her hips, silk stretched across them, swayed down from the upper floor. Finally she rounded the center support for the stairs, bringing her whole body into view, from the smooth, supple curve of her shoulders and neck to the lithe grace of her feet, gilded with silver earrings set with small blue stones, a previous gift from Johnny. \"Wow, you look so sexy Lisa,\" Johnny observed. Lisa stepped off the stairs, prowling forward into the living room. She stopped in front of the couch, where Johnny had collapsed, exhausted from work, one shoe propped up on the coffee table. With a seductive smile, she twirled, letting Johnny's eyes rove over her entire body, including her back, left almost as exposed as decency allowed. \"Isn't it fabulous?\" she asked. Johnny chuckled. \"I would do anything for my girl,\" he replied, lacing his hands behind his head and leaning back. Suddenly there was the sound of the door opening. Interrupted, Johnny and Lisa both looked over to see a eighteen-year-old boy stepped inside before pausing to let his eyes adjust to the light. Unruly brown hair had been pushed out of his eyes, back over his head in thick waves, and his dress was casual – jeans, a t-shirt and sneakers. His vision swept the room before finding Johnny and Lisa. \"Oh, hi guys,\" he chirped brightly. \"Oh, hi Denny,\" Johnny returned the greeting, not peeling his eyes from Lisa. Denny closed the door behind him and paced into the condo to get closer to Johnny and Lisa, stopping dead in his tracks when Lisa's dress registered in his mind. \"Wow, look at you,\" he gasped in reverential awe. \"It's from Johnny,\" Lisa boasted, her eyes glittering with mischief. \"Anything for my princess,\" Johnny chuckled from his place on the couch behind Denny. Lisa blushed and gave an almost imperceptible shake of her head. \"How much was it?\" Denny enquired curiously. A short huff of air escaped Lisa's lips at Denny's brazenness. \"Denny, you don't ask a question like that,\" she told him. \"Nice to see you Denny,\" Johnny said warmly as he stood up. He turned to Lisa. \"I'm going to take a nap,\" he said, and her nose crinkled as she grinned at the subtle suggestion. \"Can I go upstairs too?\" Denny asked excitedly, his head tilting like a puppy's, excited for a treat. Johnny chuckled in response. Lisa smiled in understanding, looking for the right words. \"Denny, I think I'm going to join him,\" she finally explained gently, her eyebrows knitting. Confusion flickered across Denny's face as Johnny chuckled again. Johnny strode forward, taking Lisa's hand in his and lifting her arm over her head as if they were engaged in a dance. Denny turned to watch as they left, Johnny leading Lisa towards the stairs. The silk of Lisa's dress caught every ray of light that fell upon it, highlighting her body in a way that made her movements, to Denny's eyes, hypnotic. A wisp of blonde hair fell over a smooth shoulder as Lisa glanced back, only for a moment, only long enough for a dancing, smiling green eye to fall on Denny's face and a crimson lip to offer him a generous, loving smile. Then Lisa's eyes were back on her future husband's. Still watching, still entranced, Denny felt his heart sink and nearly shatter as Lisa looked away, lost in Johnny. Her mouth close to Johnny's ear as they began to climb the stairs, she cooed, \"I've got some candles upstairs.\" Johnny's heavy footsteps quickly ascended, drawing Lisa towards the bedroom. \"You always think,\" he praised her, before chuckling, \"Alright, I'm ready.\" Professional black shoes disappeared upstairs, leaving only a pair of graceful feet and the last, lingering trace of red silk swishing along behind. \"This is so pretty,\" the faint strains of Lisa's voice drifted down to Denny's ears, and he pretended they were whispered from only inches away. \"I can't wait for you to get it off of me.\" \"Oh yeah,\" Johnny agreed. Sounds of delight and amusement floated down into the living room, the duet of Lisa's giggles and Johnny's chuckles. Denny sauntered over to the coffee table, where a bowl of fruit sat, and picked a large, ripe apple, as red as apples could be. He cupped it in his hand, considering it, running a thumb over its smooth skin. Inhaling the sweet scent of the fruit, he brought it to his lips, his eyes still on the lush red between his fingers, and bit down, savouring the juicy mouthful. He chewed, still listening to the sounds from upstairs, before finally deciding to climb the winding, spiral staircase. His large, black jacket discarded over a chair, Johnny fell onto the huge bed, cushioned by the heap of plush pillows and the lavish crimson bedding. Delicately nudging one of the sheer, white curtains that surrounded the bed to one side, Lisa climbed onto the bed after him. With a playful chuckle, Johnny grabbed the nearest pillow and lightly swung it at Lisa's tight stomach, letting go and letting it go tumbling to the side. Lisa's eyes locked on his, narrowing as a slight smirk played on her lips in a look that said, So that's the way it's gonna be? and she quickly snatched the discarded pillow from where it had fallen. With a grin, she pulled the pillow back, readying to swing it. Defensively, Johnny yanked another cushion out from under his head and held it up as a shield. Lisa swung her pillow into his, knocking it out of her hands before triumphantly smacking Johnny in the chest with the soft weapon. \"Ouch,\" he complained playfully, and Lisa let out a giggle of amusement. Johnny rearmed himself as Lisa prepared for another assault, and they tussled across the bed. The first thing Denny saw as he climbed into the bedroom, the thing he had been looking for, was the gauzy white of the drapes surrounding Johnny and Lisa's bed. The drapes, flowing softly in the breeze from an open window, appeared to glow in the gentle light of the bedroom, giving them an ethereal quality that, to Denny, seemed from another reality, another plane of existence that he was only privileged to glimpse and could never reach. The drapes shook slightly, and through their gossamer weave Denny could make out Johnny and Lisa, the red of her dress arched over his long black hair. Their eyes were drinking each other in, even as they pretend-fought with pillows, lightly bouncing the cushions off each other and laughing as the mock battle came to a standstill, bringing their bodies closer and closer together. Seeing a pillow that had fallen to one side of the bed in the joyous struggle, Denny seized his opportunity. He ran forward, grabbing the pillow from the ground and swung it into Johnny, letting his momentum carry him forward as he fell onto the bed between Johnny and Lisa. Upon seeing him, Lisa let out another burst of laughter, which fell on Denny's ears like a strain of angelic music. She swung the pillow she still held in her hands down into Denny's chest at the same moment as Johnny batted a pillow against Denny's back. Letting go of his pillow, Johnny went for Denny's armpits, worming his fingers deep into the most sensitive areas as Lisa kept bringing the pillow into Denny's shoulder. Denny squirmed, caught between bringing his arms up to protect himself from the pillow hitting his face and keeping them tight against his body to prevent Johnny's tickling. Nearly curling into a ball, he manoeuvred away as best he could from the attack that was coming from both sides. \"Stop, no, stop!\" he finally begged through the laughter that bubbled out of him. Johnny refused to let up for another moment before he finally gave in. Denny managed to crawl out of the heap of pillows that had fallen on him and blanketing that had balled around him and sat up, pulling another pillow to his chest defensively even as he grinned mischievously. Lisa settled onto her elbows, her cheeks flushed from the brief pillow fight, and smiled warmly, as Johnny climbed to his knees and fixed an intense gaze on Denny. \"Denny,\" he started appraisingly, \"Do you have something else to do?\" Denny shrugged, still smiling. \"I just like to watch you guys,\" he admitted. Lisa bit her lip and shook her head, holding in a stream of laughter. \"Oh,\" she said, with almost a wince, not sure how to remedy Denny's naiveté without injuring his innocence. \"Denny, Denny, Denny boy,\" she clucked sympathetically as she reached out a hand and stroked his wavy brown hair. Feeling Lisa's long, lithe fingers in his hair, and perfectly manicured nails against his scalp, Denny's heart skipped a beat, and a surge of heat rose through his body. He treasured the sensation of her hands. His eyes found hers just as she looked away, just as she looked at Johnny. \"Denny, two's great,\" Johnny began, attempting to explain, \"But three's a crowd.\" He chuckled. Denny opened his mouth to laugh along with him, but as the words began to sink in his smile faltered. He let out a stream of air as he realised Johnny wasn't going to let him stay, wasn't going to let him watch the sparkle of Lisa's eyes or the slow growth of her smile. \"I get it,\" he nodded slowly, \"You guys want to be alone.\" \"That's the idea,\" Johnny concurred as Lisa gazed at him, raising her eyebrows. Desperate, Denny searched Lisa's face, looking for some sign that she wanted him to stay. He scanned her features, peering as deep into her as he could in the few short moments he had, but saw only her devotion and limitless love for her future husband. His face fell, his shoulders slumped, as he was forced to accept the situation. \"Fine,\" he eventually sighed, \"I have homework to do anyways.\" Denny hoisted himself up from the bed. \"Bye, lovebirds,\" he drawled. \"Bye, Denny,\" Johnny returned with the same level of enthusiasm. \"Bye, Denny,\" Lisa chimed in, casting another brilliant smile in Denny's direction. That smile – that perfect, beaming smile – was the last Denny saw of the couple before he left their condo. He couldn't bear, as he stood up and trudged to the spiral staircase, to take another look back, to see the love glowing between Johnny and Lisa like the glow of the dozens of scented candles lighting the bedroom. Starting the descent back into the living room, Denny forced his gaze to focus on the floor ahead of him. Lisa watched until Denny left, and then drew close to Johnny, planting a soft, gentle kiss on his lips, before pressing her hand against his chest. There was only a millisecond-long look of mischief on her face before she pushed him down onto the bed and began grabbing pillows, resuming their pillow fight which had been so rudely interrupted. The next few hours were a blur to both of them, a pleasant rosy haze where time seemed to extend and then melt, sometimes flowing backwards before smoothly deciding to go forwards again. The sense memory of endless caresses and kisses, mingled with the reminiscence of waltzes and twirls across the bedroom floor as Johnny and Lisa helped each other disrobe, slowly revealing themselves to each other. Finally, Lisa's hair freed, her dress leading a red path towards the bed, tangled with Johnny's tie and pieces of his suit, they tumbled under the sheets, shielded from the rest of the word by the diaphanous white drapes. By the time Lisa sat up to turn the light off, rose petals were stuck to her skin, pressed into her like a supple red film. With a click, the lamp shut off; the scented candles had all burnt to stubs hours ago, and the room was plunged into darkness. Lisa turned back to Johnny to say goodnight, but he hadn't moved since she had sat up. In the blue moonlight streaming in through the window, Lisa could make out his eyes, closed among his features, which were made craggier by the thick, clingy shadows. Lisa let out a small sigh of disappointment at her future husband. Johnny had fallen asleep almost immediately, apparently not even interested in telling her he loved her afterwards. With that thought in mind, Lisa curled up in Johnny's arms and squeezed her eyes shut.[Chapter 2] A rhythmic buzz broke into Johnny's blissful sleep. For a moment he ignored it as a pest, a small insect that was bothering him during an otherwise perfect dream about his future wife, but the sound grew, overwhelming his attempts to bat it away, overwhelming the dream, finally making even his vision of Lisa disappear, chased away by daylight. Johnny groaned and reached a long, muscular arm over the edge of the bed, reaching for his alarm clock. At first he found only a cool, light material, one that awakened a fond recollection of dancing and embraces, until his half-awake mind recognized the silk of Lisa's dress. Johnny grasped the alarm clock and pulled it out from under the garment, bringing it up to check the time. Of course, he already knew the time. 6:28, when his alarm clock went off every morning. Johnny placed the alarm clock back on the floor next to the sleek black nightstand and turned it off, not wanting to bother Lisa with its insistent buzz. With another groan, he threw himself back into the bed, feeling the warmth emanating from Lisa. He wished, for a moment, with every fibre of his being, that he could stay, that he would never have to leave his future wife's side again. Finally steeling himself, however, he summoned all of his willpower and sat up. Johnny's feet touched the hardwood floor of the bedroom for the first time that day, and he suppressed an involuntary shiver as he reached over to the crystal vase on the nightstand. He pulled out one long-stemmed rose and brought the bloom to his nose, inhaling the intoxicating scent, the sweet reminder of the night before. Casting one last, long look at Lisa, he dropped the rose on his pillow – something for her to wake up next to, even if it was only a token – and walked to the bathroom to prepare for the day. By the time Johnny was ready – clean-shaven and clad again in a proper, professional suit – Lisa had awoken. Her fingers were curled around the rose next to her. She toyed with the flower, twirling it in front of her face and watching the petals dance, her face turned away from the bathroom. Johnny walked to the bed, stopping next to the wrought iron candelabra, almost as tall as he was and dripped with the red wax of ten candles. He knelt, nuzzling the crook of Lisa's neck. She smiled and leaned into him. \"Did you like last night?\" Johnny asked. \"Yes, I did,\" Lisa replied. Johnny chuckled in response. He ran a hand over Lisa's shoulder and kissed her cheek. \"Can I get you anything?\" she asked sweetly. From the feel of his long black hair on her back, Lisa could tell Johnny was shaking his head. He lightly grasped the rose just above her hand and brought it to his face to take a deep draw of the scent. \"I have to go now,\" he said softly, ruefully, before brushing the blossom against Lisa's lips. \"Okay,\" she sighed. \"Bye.\" \"Bye.\" Lisa snuggled into the pillow, still clutching the rose in her hand. Johnny kept his eyes on her as long as he could as he went down the stairs, trying to memorize everything, from the way one leg poked out from beneath the sheets to the rivulets of water that appeared to be tracing their way across her form, a projection from the fountain, a glass sheet with water sluicing down it, that decorated one corner of their bedroom. Reminding himself that Lisa would always be there for him, Johnny forced himself to leave the condo and head to work. Lisa opened the front door to the condo and smiled as she saw the woman outside. White hair dyed blonde was pushed up in a springy bouffant, and deep worry lines and crow's feet instantly crinkled into a matronly glow. \"Hi mom,\" Lisa greeted her. \"How are you?\" Lisa's mother, Claudette, strode inside and embraced her daughter in a tight, warm hug before giving her a small peck on the cheek. She stepped back, giving her a fraction of a second to look Lisa up and down. It was long enough. Lisa was dressed as if for a funeral; black jeans and a long, baggy black sweater – practically a shawl – over a black tank top that left her shoulders and neck, whiter than usual against the dark shades, completely exposed. Her hair fell in limp blonde chunks, its usual bounciness apparently vanished with Lisa's usually bouncy mood. \"I'm fine,\" Claudette answered. \"How are you?\" she asked as she cupped her daughter's chin between her thumb and her forefinger. Taking in Lisa's appearance, she added a \"Hmm?\" to let her daughter know she wanted an honest reply as she shut the door behind her. Lisa's eyes shifted nervously, one moment meeting her mother's, the next searching the floor for the answer to the question. \"Okay,\" Claudette nodded, realising this was something serious, or at least something would take some coaxing. She put her hands on Lisa's shoulders and spun her away from the door. \"Let's go to the couch,\" she urged her, ushering Lisa through her own living room, \"And we'll sit down. Now,\" Claudette continued and she swung her purse off her shoulder and set it aside before sitting next to her daughter, \"What's happening with you?\" After a moment's thought, she added another, \"Hmm?\" for emphasis. \"Nothing much,\" Lisa evaded before seemingly remembering her duties as hostess. \"You want some coffee?\" \"What's wrong? Tell me,\" Claudette pressed, her eyes searching her daughter's face. Screwing her mouth up, Lisa replied, \"I'm not feeling good today.\" This response was not good enough for Claudette. \"Why not?\" Lisa hesitated, uncertain if she should – if she even could – share her confession with anyone. She had barely even been able to admit it to herself. It seemed to come out of nowhere, and she'd done everything she could to ignore it. She told herself it made no sense, that she had no real reason to feel the way she did, but it didn't work. Reason couldn't work against something so irrational. But, in the end, it didn't matter how unbelievable it was. It just was, and she couldn't fight it. \"I don't love him anymore,\" Lisa admitted. Claudette didn't bat an eye. She remembered being a young woman like her daughter, in her early twenties, subject to almost the same whims and caprices as a child. Lisa's confession barely registered with her as more than a passing fancy, the temper tantrum of a toddler, and would end almost as soon as it had started if pressured in the right places. \"Why don't you love him anymore? Tell me,\" she demanded. \"He's so…\" Lisa searched for the right word. \"Boring,\" she finally spat out. This was all Claudette needed to confirm her theory. \"Well, you've known him for over five years,\" she pointed out, \"You're engaged. You said you loved him. He supports you. He provides for you. And, darling, you can't support yourself.\" Lisa's eyebrows furrowed at the sting of her mother's words, the lack of confidence Claudette had in her daughter. \"He's a wonderful man, and he loves you very much.\" Claudette grasped her daughter's forearm with both hands, urging her to make the right decision. \"And his position is very secure. And he told me he plans to buy you a house.\" Lisa scoffed. \"That's why he's so boring.\" \"Well what are you going to do?\" Claudette demanded. \"I don't know,\" Lisa admitted, before adding with a roguish smirk, \"I don't mind living with him.\" \"Well, you can't do that,\" her mother sniffed haughtily. \"Have you talked to him about it?\" she continued, insisting on a course of action that suited her prim-and-proper outlook. \"No,\" Lisa pouted. Looking down at her hands, she tried to imagine the conversation, the reproach and anger she knew she'd see in Johnny's eyes the moment he knew. This was the longest relationship she'd been in – and from what Johnny had told her, it was the longest he'd been in as well, despite his age – and she had no idea how to end something like that. \"I don't know what to do,\" she finally moped. \"Well, he's a wonderful person,\" Claudette went on, barely seeming to notice her daughter's distress. \"And he's getting a promotion very soon,\" she added, hoping to overwhelm Lisa's seemingly arbitrary complaint. \"Now, he bought you a car, he bought you a ring,\" she listed, \"Clothes, whatever you wanted. Now you want to dump him.\" Claudette shook her head, scandalized. \"That's not right. I've always thought of him as my son-in-law.\" Her lips pursed, she concluded, \"You should marry Johnny. He would be good for you.\" Defeated by the logic of Claudette's endless barrage of points, Lisa gave a slight smile and a small shrug of her shoulders. \"I guess you're right about that,\" she conceded. \"Of course I'm right, I know men,\" Claudette claimed triumphantly. \"I wasn't born yesterday. I'm glad you're listening to your mother. Nobody else listens to me,\" she complained. Lisa couldn't resist the opportunity, couldn't let an observation like that go by without comment. \"You're probably right about that, mom,\" she agreed, barely suppressing a smirk. Claudette didn't notice the jibe. \"Well, I'm glad you're listening to your mother,\" she commended Lisa. \"Listen, I've got to go,\" she said, standing up from the couch. She turned and looked down meaningfully at her daughter. \"But you remember what I told you, okay?\" she added, giving Lisa a playful, motherly tap on the nose with her index finger. \"Mmhmm,\" she nodded, satisfied that her daughter had gotten the message. \"Bye bye, now.\" With that, she walked to the door of the condo and let herself out, leaving Lisa to meditate on her words as she sat alone on the couch in her empty home. \"Thanks, mom,\" Lisa sighed sarcastically to no one but the silence around her, her only companion most days. Her mother had encouraged her not to pursue education, a career; she'd always claimed such things were unattractive to men, that the women who had them were alone and unhappy. Lisa sulked as she looked around the apartment at the dark corners, filled only with shadows. Claudette's words still stung. You can't support yourself , Lisa thought, Johnny's position is secure . Very few of Lisa's friends could support themselves. Those that could were working the demeaning jobs that were available to unschooled young adults; the rest were still finishing university and college. Of course Johnny's job was secure compared to theirs, Lisa reflected bitterly, he'd been working towards security for nearly twenty years. And yet the best thing I can do for myself is just stay here, waiting to greet him like a good little future wife , Lisa brooded. In a rebellious huff, she hopped up off the couch and opened a window, letting pure daylight stream in a chase away the dark reds and blacks of the living room. Her eyes found the phone, sitting in its cradle next to the artsy, post-modern photograph of a spoon in a silver frame and she snatched it from its rest. The phone beeped as her fingers flew across the keypad, playing a tune she could have sung in her sleep. Seconds later the dial tone filled her with hope and longing. Halfway across the city, a cell phone buzzed from the cup holder of a black Buick. Reflective sunglasses flicked to the source of the sound for only half a second before the owner of the shades grabbed the phone and answered with a quick, \"Hello?\" \"Hey, baby,\" Lisa said in a low, seductive voice, \"How you doin'?\" \"Oh, hey, how you doin'?\" Mark replied. \"Yeah, I'm very busy, what's going on?\" Lisa scoffed. \"I just finished talking to my mom,\" she groaned. \"She gave me this big lecture about Johnny.\" Mark's brow furrowed. A call from his best friend's future wife to complain about said best friend was odd, to say the least, at the best of times. \"Look, we'll talk about it later,\" Mark tried to deflect. \"I told you I'm very busy.\" This much, at least, was true. \"We'll talk about it now,\" Lisa demanded. \"Whenever you say we'll talk about it later, we never do. I can't wait till later. I want to talk right now. You owe me one, anyways.\" That was also undeniable, although Lisa hardly knew the extent of it. Mark might have only been neighbours with Johnny, if it hadn't been for Lisa inviting him in for dinner the night he'd moved in. He hadn't expected anything like that to happen, assuming Johnny, with his long black hair, muscular build and thick Eastern European accent, would be very selective in who he welcomed into his life, but it turned out he melted at any request from his young future wife. A gracious dinner invitation six months ago was hardly the favour Lisa was talking about. A few days ago, while Johnny was at work, Lisa had allowed Mark into their condo. He had asked to use their shower, telling them his water wasn't working. That wasn't technically a lie. Due to a healthy paranoia, Mark had shut down the water to his apartment, just in case he needed to prove his story. He did have a shower – the best way to fake doing something, he always thought, is to actually do as much of it as you can. In truth, he just wanted a few uninterrupted minutes to search Johnny and Lisa's upstairs bathroom, using the sounds of running water as cover. Bathrooms, more so than any other place in the home, were filled with evidence, and Mark had obtained a few black hairs, complete with skin tags, and traces of fingerprints, all safe by now in zip lock baggies in the evidence room of the San Francisco police department. He'd also taken the opportunity to paw through the medicine cabinet, but, as usual, there was nothing out of the ordinary. \"Okay,\" Mark ceded with an amused smile, \"What do you want to talk about?\" \"She's a stupid bitch,\" Lisa spat. \"She wants to control my life. I'm not going to put up with that. I'm going to do what I want to do, and that's it.\" She paused, trying to let some naughtiness creep into her voice. \"What do you think I should do?\" she solicited. \"Well, I mean,\" Mark sputtered, \"Why do you ask me? You know, you've been very happy with Johnny,\" he reminded her. The words, flying through the ether across the gulf of distance between them, felt more like a slap to Lisa than her mother's had. \"What do you want me to say? I mean, you should enjoy your life. What's the problem?\" \"Maybe you're right,\" Lisa replied, letting Mark feel as if he'd won. \"Can I see you tomorrow?\" \"Okay,\" Mark agreed easily, cheerfully. \"Alright, how about noon?\" \"I'll be waiting for you.\" A small smile of satisfaction crept across Lisa's face. \"Bye.\" \"Alright, see ya,\" Mark answered before hanging up. He put the phone back in the cup holder and cast his eyes down the street, almost a block away. Even from this distance, his quarry was obvious, the decisive gait and long black hair unmistakeable. Finding his notebook in the passenger seat without looking down, Mark flipped the book open to where his pencil was sitting inside. With muscle memory honed over dozens of stakeouts, Mark jotted a note in his messy scrawl – 2:11, Johnny leaving coffee shop .[Chapter 3] The waiting room was decorated in various shades of brown, broken up by the occasional tan. Looking from the dark brown wainscoting to the light brown floral print of the wallpaper – embellished by sporadic, uneven brown stains – to the beige carpet at her feet, all tinged with the faint but unmistakeable smell of antiseptic, Claudette wondered where the money that poured into the place went. It certainly couldn't have gone towards magazine subscriptions, she though, flipping through a copy of National Geographic, circa 1993, that sat on the end table next to her. \"Claudette?\" came the too-perky voice of the nurse, holding a clipboard to her chest as she poked her head out the door of the examination room. Lisa's mother sighed and stood, finally making her way out of the waiting room in small, uneager steps. She hadn't enjoyed the long wait, but it wasn't as if the examination was in any way pleasant. The entire thing was ridiculous, as far as she was concerned. Claudette had only gone to the doctor for a simple check up, not to get a lecture about the 'Risks that come at certain ages', as the man had so tactfully put it. He had appeared scandalized when he questioned Claudette about her last mammogram, and she had told him that she never bothered to get one. Why should she? So-called experts said to get them done every two years, but they'd only been saying that for the past five years. In another five years, they'd be telling you mammograms give you cancer and X-rays cure it, she'd argued. The doctor hadn't listened, and had given her a referral to a specialist – another racket, as far as Claudette was concerned. Just a scam worked out between two doctors to send patients back and forth as much as they could. But the doctor had insisted, pleading and cajoling, and Claudette agreed. He'd even told her that, since she was so long overdue for the procedure, he'd make sure it was scheduled as soon as possible, to take the load off her mind. The only load on Claudette's mind was the appointment herself. The poking and the prodding she'd have to endure, all so she'd have a little check mark in her medical files saying she had complied with the current accepted regimen. She'd just as soon not have the appointment, and not have the load on her mind, and if her doctor was that bothered, well, he could just jot down a little check mark saying Claudette knew and was aware of the supposed risks. The nurse held a welcoming arm open, ushering Claudette into the examination room. Claudette scowled at her in response, not appreciating the false friendliness the woman no doubt forced to her face. She strode a few steps in and then turned on her heels. \"Well?\" she demanded. Staying near the door, the nurse replied, \"I'll give you a moment to undress. There's a robe on the chair for you,\" she nodded at the pastel blue garment she offered, her ponytail bobbing with the gesture, before she slipped out, closing the door quietly, but firmly, behind her. Sighing and repressing the urge to grind her teeth, Claudette placed her purse down on the counter and distastefully picked up the supposed robe. As she'd expected, it was of the disposable variety, the kind made from flimsy paper that crinkled and provided no real coverage. Screwing up her mouth, Claudette removed her jacket and unbuttoned her blouse, folding them neatly and draping them over her purse. She shivered as the draft in the room hit her unprotected skin, raising goose bumps on her arms and back, resentfully wondering how much it would cost the office to pay a little extra for another few degrees of heat. It would certainly be a nice gesture towards their clients , Claudette thought bitterly as she slipped her arms into the short sleeves of the robe and tied the garment together at the back. The two sides of the robe gaped open, leaving her back almost entirely exposed. Rubbing her arms to try to return some heat to them, Claudette sat in the leather chair intended for the breast exam and pressed her back into the back of the chair, hoping to protect herself from the cool air. It didn't work. The leather itself was like ice, and Claudette only succeeded in making herself more uncomfortable. She tapped her toes, rubbing the pimpled flesh on her arm faster as she looked around. The examination room was worse than the waiting room, she decided. Nothing to read, a good deal colder, and the medical equipment lining the walls hardly bred comfort. The smell of antiseptic, no doubt sprayed over every surface each time the room was used, was much stronger here, cloying, almost choking. Each second dragged on, stretched further than the minutes in the waiting room. Finally the nurse came back. Claudette almost forgot her annoyance at the whole process in her relief that the wait was over. Soon that relief was forgotten, as the nurse led her through the actual procedure, a parade of indignities. The robe had been a lie, a promise that she'd be allowed to stay covered throughout the examination that had not been kept. After stripping once again, the nurse had shown her the purpose of the medical equipment partially enclosing the leather chair, mainly by guiding first one breast, then the other, partway into the machine, only to have her flesh squashed and manhandled by cruel metal. The cold, the pain, the humiliation. By the end she was considering contacting her lawyer. There was no way this was a correct medical procedure, or at least, not one that needed to be done regularly, on women who had shown no signs of ill health. As she finished the examination, as the nurse told her she'd have to go talk to the doctor in his office, as she got dressed, Claudette composed her rant in her head, filling it with threats and thick legalese, ready to reveal to this sham of an operation that they'd targeted the wrong mark. Her hands balled into determined fists, her purse clutched in front of her like a shield, Claudette sat primly on the chair in from of the doctor's desk, preparing to destroy his practice. \"Oh, hi Claudette,\" the doctor said as Claudette entered. \"Please take a seat.\" Despite the greeting, the man hadn't even looked up at his patient, instead stroking his chin as he examined a file on the desk in front of him, his expression thoughtful, stern, maybe a little sad. Claudette wasn't buying it. His imitation of Rodin's the Thinker wasn't fooling her. She knew this man was not as important as he thought he was, as important as he wanted everyone else to think he was. He would soon find out that Claudette was not above his attention, and he'd regret the fact that he'd tried to convince her otherwise. \"Dr. Romero,\" Claudette started, \"I want to have a few words with you about your procedure.\" Finally looking up from his desk, the doctor sighed. \"Claudette,\" he started with a nod, peering over his glasses, his stare penetrating. \"This is the hardest part of my job.\" \"You're damn right this is the hardest part of your job,\" Claudette told him. \"I know you think this little operation is above reproach, but I'm not fooled. You waste my time, you have your machines manhandle me – \" \"Claudette,\" Romero interjected, trying again, \"Your test was positive.\" \"Well, of course it was positive,\" Claudette continued, \"I don't have anything wrong with me. And how dare you interrupt me?\" she continued, obliviously resuming her rehearsed speech. \"I'll have you know that my lawyer – \" \"No, Claudette,\" Romero cut her off with an air of finality. \"A positive test is not a good thing. It means we found a lump.\" Claudette was momentarily shocked into silence. \"Does…\" she started, \"Does that mean?\" \"Yes. You definitely have breast cancer.\" \"Oh,\" she sputtered, the colour draining out of her face. Her stomach sank, and the browns of Dr. Romero's office began to fade, black tendrils reaching through it as she retreated from the world. \"Oh my god.\" Images flashed through her head, so much more present than the ugly little doctor's office. Her daughter Lisa, her future son-in-law Johnny… They'd have to know. She didn't have much time, but she'd have to do all she could to help their lives, give them all the help she could for their futures. She had thought she'd have so much more time. As memories and people far away sprang to the fore of her mind, the smell of antiseptic and the sad face of Dr. Romero slipped away. The world became quiet. And then, Claudette was aware of a buzz, persistent and sporadic. The sound became more and more insistent, separating itself into something that seemed to think of itself as meaningful. Claudette tried to keep her mind on her plans, until the buzz broke through, organizing itself into words. \"Claudette?\" it was saying. \"Claudette, do you need a few minutes?\" \"No,\" she shook her head, replying to Dr. Romero. \"What were you saying?\" \"If you'd like,\" Dr. Romero started again, \"We can spend some time right now going over some treatment options.\"[Chapter 4] For the first time that day, the doorbell rang, chasing away the silent pall over the apartment. Lisa went to answer, her heart racing with excitement. She beamed as she saw Mark, his sandy hair nearly glowing in the afternoon light, the smile under his making him look like a conquering Viking, pleased to see land after months on a hostile sea. \"Hi,\" he said, taking in Lisa, standing in the doorway. \"How you doin'?\" \"I'm fine,\" Lisa replied, eager. \"Come in.\" She rubbed his shoulder with one hand as he sauntered inside. The other hand joined in as soon as the door was closed, and Lisa ushered Mark further into the living room, towards the couch. She nuzzled the back of his arm, drinking in his scent as her fingers continued their exploration of Mark's well-built frame. \"Have a seat,\" she told him as she led him to the nearest chair. He complied. Slowly strolling around Mark, she ran her hand over the muscles of his bare arm, onto the rugged blue fabric of his shirt, and paused, relishing the feeling of the warm skin of his neck, the pin prick bristles of stubble. A shiver of excitement went through Mark, not just from the sensation, but from the knowledge that it came from Lisa, Johnny's future wife. And then, almost as soon as it had started, the feeling stopped. Lisa's hand drifted away, drifting, like Lisa, to the coffee table, where an open bottle of wine and two glasses sat waiting. Lisa gave Mark a quick, sultry glance before leaning down, decanting generous portions into the two glasses. The ruby liquid, the same colour as the drapes and walls surrounding Mark, penning him in, flowed in a crimson stream from the mouth of the bottle, like blood from a bullet wound. Lisa smiled as she handed a glass to Mark, who took it with a look of confusion as her fingers lingered, caressing the back of Mark's hand. \"Thank you,\" he said with a slight frown. With a pout, Lisa looked down at her chest, at the knot keeping her sweater draped over her shoulders. \"It's hot in here,\" she commented, tugging at one string, pulling it loose from the knot. The engagement ring on her finger glittering, she untangled the cords, opening the front of the sweater and revealing the smooth, creamy skin underneath. \"Do you mind?\" she asked. \"No,\" Mark replied, watching the process closely, suspicious and enthralled. In response, Lisa shrugged out of the sweater, leaving her body covered only by a strapless black dress that hugged her form from just under her arms to her knees. Mark was unable to stop his eyes from scanning her, studying her arms, her shoulders, her graceful neck. His mouth dropped open a little. Lisa reached out a hand, stroking Mark's arm. Reminding herself of who she was, what was at stake, Mark forced his mouth shut, summoning all his willpower. He almost laughed at the situation he found himself in, shaking his head. \"I mean, the candles,\" he started, attempting to talk his way out, \"The music, the sexy dress. What's going on here?\" he demanded. Her smile fading momentarily, Lisa reached behind her to pick of the other glass of wine before stepping forward and lowering herself onto the arm of the chair Mark occupied. She shifted closer, edging towards Mark's slim frame. \"I like you,\" she explained, \"Very much.\" After another moment's thought, she added, \"Lover boy.\" A gift from Johnny, a diamond bracelet, sparkled from her wrist as she gently put her hand on Mark's cheek, stroking his beard. For half a second, Mark almost forgot that this was Johnny's future wife, but then he gripped her forearm, firmly moving it away. \"What are you doing this for?\" he asked. \"What's the matter?\" Lisa asked, cocking her head innocently. Her hand instantly returned to what it had been doing before Mark tried to stop it. \"Don't you like me? I'm your girl,\" she continued, rubbing the back of his neck, toying with his short hair between her fingertips. Mark raised his hand, lacing his fingers with hers in a controlled embrace, all his willpower holding him back. \"Johnny's my best friend,\" he pleaded, peeling her hand away from his face for the second time. \"Alright? You're going to be married next month, come on,\" he appealed, obviously assuming this was cold feet. Her back stiffened, and Lisa placed her wine glass, untouched, back on the table. \"Forget,\" she commanded, bringing her other hand up to caress Mark's other cheek, directing his gaze at her, \"About Johnny. This is between you,\" her thumb traced a path down Mark's lip, \"And me.\" With a shake of his head, Mark pushed her hand away and leaned forward to put his wine glass back on the coffee table next to Lisa's. \"I don't think so,\" he said, starting to stand. \"I'm leaving now.\" Lisa leaned forward, off the arm rest, putting her weight on Mark. \"Please don't leave,\" she begged. Mark's eyes widened at the sudden urgency of her tone. \"Please don't leave. I need you. I love you,\" she beseeched him. \"I don't want to get married anymore. I don't love Johnny,\" she announced firmly, her fingers working their way through Mark's hair. \"I dream about you,\" she confessed. \"I need you to make love to me.\" Her eyes searched Mark's, looking for any sign of acceptance. \"I don't think so,\" Mark baulked. He again tenderly held her hands, moving them inches in front of his face, clasping them in his own, not taking his eyes off Lisa's. \"Everything is going to be fine,\" he assured her. \"I promise.\" Her eyes cast down with disappointment, Lisa stood, leaving Mark's lap but keeping a grip on his hands. She pulled him up to stand in front of her, and then placed his hands on her cheeks, as she had held Mark's hands moments before. At the sensation of her smooth, perfect skin, all his protests, his argument, his reason left Mark's mind. Lisa slipped her hand behind Mark's neck and pulled him closer, her free handing curling around his wrist. Their lips pressed together, searching, exploring in a long moment of contact they had both imagined many times. Lisa stood on her toes, bringing herself as close to Mark as she could be, and they held each other like a couple in a dance. A little moan of pleasure escaped Mark as Lisa's nails bit into the back of his neck, pulling him deeper into the kiss, while Lisa nestled into his hands, still cupped around her face, tendrils of warmth radiating from his fingers into her cheeks. The seal between them broke as they parted to come up for air. They parted as Lisa lowered herself onto her heels, extending the distance between them even as she gazed up into Mark's eyes. The warmth of her breath lingered on Mark's cheek, as if she was still only half an inch away. His eyes grew wide, his mouth hanging open in shock. He still could not believe what had just happened, half expecting to wake up at any moment. A knowing smile spreading across her face, her lithe feet prowling around Mark, Lisa held his hand, leading him in the direction of the bedroom. Somehow feeling helpless, Mark followed in her wake onto the steps of the winding staircase to the second floor before he stopped, one hand grasping the railing. Lisa, apparently sensing his hesitation at violating his best friend's trust in so many different ways, turned and sprawled seductively on the curving steps. She grabbed the front of Mark's shirt and pulled him down towards her. Keeping one hand on the banister and using the other to prop himself up on a stair, Mark placed his knee on the third step, curling over Lisa, his eyes running over her body, sheathed in the skin-tight black dress. Their eyes locked, Lisa's hands wormed into Mark's shirt, slowly working their way down, unbuttoning as they went. After a few moments, the blue shirt hung open, revealing Mark's smooth, well-toned abs. As Mark shifted, finding a position from which he could dip down to kiss Lisa, her hands wrapped around his bare waist. Soon Mark's shirt hung from the railing, and Lisa had wriggled out of her little black dress and flung it over her head. It had landed and draped across three stairs just above them, as Mark transferred his weight, crouching over Lisa. He braced himself against the railing, wedging his arm between the newels to suspend himself. Four trails of sensation traced their way up Mark's chest as Lisa's hand followed the line of his abs, to his sternum, finally making their way to the back of his neck. He shivered momentarily and clasped a hand around Lisa's wrist, feeling her flesh, smooth as alabaster, against his rough hands. Sliding his hand down, he found Lisa's shoulder, then her back. His mouth followed, tasting Lisa's skin, exploring her body in every way he could. A bloom of heat on Mark's neck told him Lisa was doing the same. Stretched against the uneven surface of the spiral staircase, they entwined, seeming to melt into their surroundings, somehow finding a position in perfect harmony with each other and the wooden stairs. Mark wasn't sure how long they'd been like that, tangled and interlaced, their entire worlds comprised of each other and the staircase in the corner of Johnny and Lisa's apartment, but when they finally parted it felt as if he had lost a piece of himself. As soon as it was clear it was over, Lisa, her face expressionless, crawled up and grabbed her dress, quickly pulling it back on and smoothing the fabric over herself, clearing away the evidence of their crime. Mark zipped up his fly and shrugged back into his shirt, buttoning it as fast as he could, the weight of what they had just done instilling him with a sense of urgency. Fully dressed, he slumped down, sitting a few stairs down from Lisa. She looked down at him, brushing an unruly lock of blonde hair out of her sparkling green eyes. Mark shook his head and cast his eyes into the living room, unable to look at Lisa's perfect face or body and remind himself of the shame. \"Why did you do this to me?\" he wondered aloud. \"Why? Johnny's my best friend…\" Mark trailed off, lapsing into silence, his guilt wrapping icy fingers around his larynx, choking off any further words he may have had. Lisa studied the stair she sat on, her manicured fingers curled up on the slat of wood, not sure how to respond. \"Didn't you enjoy it?\" she finally asked hopefully. Mark's eyes snapped back to Lisa, a look somewhere between disgust and confusion on his face. \"That's not the point,\" he told her. Not breaking their gaze, Lisa replied, \"I love you, Mark.\" The strength seemed to drain from Mark's body, and he sagged, his eyes focusing on nothing as he shook his head again. \"Look,\" he started, \"You're very attractive. You're beautiful,\" he quickly corrected himself, paving the way to let Lisa down as gently as possible. \"But we can't do this anymore.\" His face set, Mark tried to make his determination obvious in his posture, a part of his every fiber, even as he put a hand on Lisa's knee, a gesture he hoped would be seen as reassuring. \"I can't hurt Johnny.\" \"I know,\" Lisa admitted, stroking Mark's fingers. \"He's your best friend.\" At the feeling of Lisa's hand on his, Mark felt a surge of warmth and protectiveness towards Lisa. \"Hey,\" he said, smiling at her, \"This'll be our little secret.\" Returning his smile, Lisa leaned down and kissed Mark. Unable to stop himself, Mark felt his hand moving through Lisa's hair, entangling itself in her soft, blonde locks as the heat from their mouths burned between them.[Chapter 5] The first time Denny had met Chris-R had been a surprise, to say the least. He was at the San Francisco Public Library in the Civic Center, studying, when he suddenly became aware that he was no longer studying, that his forehead was pressed into the book that he had been reading. With a start, he sprang up, hoping no one had seen him napping. His eyes immediately fell upon a man sitting across from him, glowering. The man had no book, and despite the balmy weather that day, was wearing a thick woolen cap, pulled down to his eyebrows. His bare, muscular arms were crossed in a posture of disapproval. \"You were sleeping,\" he had told Denny, his voice brusque. \"I… I'm sorry,\" Denny had stammered out, not sure why he was apologising. The man slapped a hand onto the table between them and then raised it to reveal a small pink tablet. \"You could use one of these,\" he had said, sliding the pill across the table to sit next to Denny's book. \"Uh, no thanks,\" Denny declined, looking from the man to the tablet and back, but the man was already getting up. \"Just think about it,\" he had said, disappearing between shelves of books. Denny hadn't meant to take the pill, but he couldn't leave it on the table out in the open. What if a kid ate it? he wondered as he pocketed it. But exams were coming up and he kept falling asleep. And the pill didn't look too different from a caffeine pill. What harm could one pill do? Within days, Denny was skulking around the public library again, keeping an eye out for the man in the toque, fidgeting and biting his nails. It didn't take long. In fact, it seemed as if the man had been waiting for Denny, materializing almost as soon as Denny arrived. \"You look like you're looking for someone,\" Chris-R growled as he approached. \"Yeah, you could say that,\" Denny replied nervously. Lowering his voice into a whisper, he asked, \"That pill you gave me… Can I get another?\" Chris-R let out a harsh, cruel laugh. \"You can get as many as you want,\" he said. \"But you're gonna have to pay for them.\" Swallowing, Denny shifted. \"How much?\" \"Five bucks a pill.\" Denny bit his lip as he dug his hands deep into his pockets, fingering the twenty dollar bill he was carrying. It was the last of his allowance from Johnny for this week. Without it, he would have to survive for the next three days on only the food left in his kitchen – half a loaf of bread, a few apples, a jar of peanut butter and a couple tiny frozen dinners. Deciding he could make it, he yanked the twenty out of his pocket. \"This is all I got,\" he told Chris-R. In a flash, Chris-R snatched the bill out of Denny's hand, seconds before pressing four pink tablets, identical to the first one, into Denny's palm. The transaction finished, he turned and began to stalk away. \"W-wait,\" Denny called after him. Chris-R's back stiffened and he turned. Denny almost winced as he saw his face, twisted in a furious snarl. His breath seemed to come out in short growls as he stared at Denny. \"Can I get a couple more?\" Denny pleaded. \"I need this to last through finals.\" \"Can you pay for them?\" \"That twenty was all I had.\" Chris-R didn't even respond. He simply turned and continued to walk away. Denny had carefully partitioned out the pills, sometimes only taking a fraction of one at a time. Finals week went by in a blur, the only clear points for Denny his laser focus on the test materials. When he was finished, so were the pills, and that, he had assumed, was that. The day after the last exam, Denny had found himself unable to get out of bed. Physically, he felt fine, but somehow it seemed as if the world was crushing him, telling him there was no way he could go on. Eventually he convinced himself to get up, pouring the last of the food in his fridge into his stomach. The food felt insubstantial, and Denny felt weightless, moving through his apartment like a ghost, surrounded by a thick mist that he could barely peer through. He should have gone to school. He should have gone to find out his grades. Instead, he picked up the allowance Johnny had left for him on his kitchen counter and found himself drifting towards the library. It didn't take long for Chris-R to find him. \"Another four?\" the drug dealer asked, watching Denny hungrily. \"No,\" Denny quickly said. \"No, I'm just here to study.\" A smirk forming at the teenager's hasty denial, too fast and too insistent to be honest. Five pills and the kid's already hooked , he thought, and simply waited. All he needed to do now was let Denny talk himself into another sale. \"And I can't afford it,\" Denny added in protest against Chris-R's silent argument. He bit his lip. \"There's no way I can afford it.\" To Chris-R's surprise, Denny got up to leave, apparently having convinced himself he was done. The drug dealer's mind raced, not wanting to lose a customer he had been so sure about. \"You go to school, right?\" Chris-R asked. \"Yeah,\" Denny turned around, confusion etching his face. Chris-R, bolstered by Denny's hesitation, considered the possibilities. High schools were replete with potential sales, but they all remained inaccessible to him. His well-built frame and carefully-trimmed beard meant that he was pretty obviously not a high school student, and would be chased off campus the second he tried to enter. Denny though, Denny was supposed to be at school. \"You need money,\" Chris-R pointed out, \"So how about this: you take these,\" he held out a small baggy with about five pills inside. \"And you see if your friends are interested. If they are, you give me twenty-five bucks and keep whatever mark-up you can get away with. If not, give me the bag back. Alright?\" he offered. \"It's a private school,\" Denny protested. Private school. Full of rich kids. Chris-R could almost hug Denny. \"That's fine,\" he growled. Denny took the bag uncertainly. \"I'm not sure my friends will want these,\" he said, but he pocketed the pills regardless. Johnny's small white car pulled to a stop on one of San Francisco's many hills, the lush greens and vibrant tropical colours behind the glowing neon Open sign drawing him in like a moth to a flame. His favourite part of the day was when he opened his front door and saw Lisa, waiting for him as always, and he took every opportunity he could to make her stunning smile just a bit wider, to make her perfect green eyes sparkle just a bit more, every time he came home. That image in mind, Johnny put the car into park and hopped out, quickly striding across the sidewalk and through the door into the jungle promised by the storefront. Anniversary Flowers & Gifts had been a landmark in the neighbourhood for as long as almost anyone could remember. Its owner, a small, wizened dog that had never been seen to move from its perch on the countertop, was rumoured to have made its fortune in an astounding array of fantastical ways. Some said he'd found a thick vein of gold during the San Francisco gold rush. Some said he was a former beloved pet of the Romanovs, and had just barely escaped Russia with luggage full of the royal family's heirlooms. Others supported the more reasonable and less exciting – and therefore most likely – conclusion that he had simply worked hard and invested his money wisely. Wherever he had come from, the pug was close-lipped about it, often remaining completely silent when asked, or sometimes letting out a low growl if pressed. Customers would sometimes question his employees, thinking they had no particular reason to keep the dog's secrets, but they had nothing to share. At best, those that had seen the deed to Anniversary Flowers & Gifts could confirm that the pug was, in fact, the rightful owner, but besides that, all they could say was that their pay cheques were always signed and on time. The dog himself was a dedicated worker, and a fair, if firm boss. He was always the first to arrive in the store and the last to leave, always taking his customary position on the counter and watching his domain carefully. If a customer tried to take something without paying, he would know. If an employee tried to take a few extra minutes on their break, they would hear about it. From his heightened place on the counter, his rotund body, covered in fur growing white with age and looking ever more like a marshmallow, the pug surveyed his shop, ensuring everything ran smoothly. The shop itself was a kaleidoscope of colours, with a rainbow of blossoms exploding from the vases that covered every available inch of surface area. Most of the containers were utilitarian, nothing more that vats made of black PVC, half filled with water before they were stuffed with flowers. Some, however, had been made to please the eye, and had been painted to appear gilded, and glistened in the afternoon light. Shelves of cards lined the walls, and a customer, a tall blonde woman, picked through them carefully, reading each one, looking for the perfect message. She had been searching a long time, but then, this was a hard message to give to someone. An even harder message to receive. We express our condolences … She didn't even finish, closing the card and slamming it back into its slot in disgust. Too robotic. Her hand hovered over the next sympathy card, wondering if it could possible contain the bottomless sorrow she felt. Johnny strode confidently into the shop. \"Hi,\" he greeted the woman behind the counter. \"Can I help you?\" she asked. \"Yeah, can I have a dozen red roses, please?\" Johnny asked, flipping his dark sunglasses up onto his forehead. \"Oh, hi Johnny,\" the cashier replied, recognizing his eyes, \"I didn't know it was you.\" She retrieved a pre-prepared bouquet from beside the counter and passed it to Johnny. \"Here you go.\" \"That's me! How much is it?\" \"It'll be eighteen dollars.\" \"Here you go. Keep the change.\" Johnny reached out and scratched the head of the flower shop's proprietor. It blinked and nodded in acknowledgement. \"Hi doggie.\" \"You're my favourite customer,\" the cashier called out to Johnny's retreating form. \"Thanks a lot,\" Johnny said, leaving through the open door, holding the bouquet upside down. \"Bye.\" \"Bye bye!\" Less than five seconds later, Johnny was in his car, joyfully driving home to see Lisa.[Chapter 6] \"Yeah,\" Lisa said into the receiver, the phone pressed to her ear, as she exited the kitchen. She had changed out of her slinky black dress, but had still felt in the mood for dark colours, and was wearing a black sleeveless top and a long skirt, covered in red blooms over a black background. \"Delivery,\" she added, closing the door behind her. \"555-4828. Half Canadian bacon with pineapple, half artichoke with pesto and light on the cheese. Thanks.\" She ended the call with a beep and put the phone back down on the table. The doorbell rang. \"Who is it?\" Lisa called out. \"Denny,\" came the voice on the other side of the door. With a smile, Lisa opened the door to let him in. \"Hey, Denny,\" she greeted him. \"How are you doing?\" \"I'm fine,\" Denny blushed. \"What's new with you?\" \"Actually, I'm really busy. Do you want something to drink?\" Lisa offered. \"No, thanks,\" Denny declined. \"I just want to talk to Johnny.\" He blinked, cocking his head to the side as if he was just noticing Lisa at that second. \"You look beautiful today,\" he observed with a growing smile. He ducked his head down, trying to look endearing and emphasize his naiveté. \"Can I kiss you?\" he entreated. Lisa gave a little gasp of faux scandalisation. \"You are such a little brat!\" she told Denny, trying not to laugh. \"I'm just kidding,\" Denny whined, backpedaling. \"I love you and Johnny.\" \"Okay, okay,\" Lisa reassured him, accepting the apology. \"Johnny's going to be here any minute. You can wait if you want,\" she proposed. \"Hmm,\" Denny thought, considering his options. \"I gotta go. You'll tell him I stopped by?\" \"Of course I will,\" Lisa promised, Denny absorbing her words with a grin. \"Bye.\" \"Bye.\" Denny disappeared as quickly as he had come, closing the door behind him. A few minutes later, Johnny's small, boxy white car was pulling into the driveway of the townhouse. As a passing bus thundered by, Johnny opened the door. His hand held behind his back, hiding the bouquet of roses he had just bought, he quickly spotted Lisa, who threw him a stunning smile and put her book down as she rose to meet him. \"Hi, babe,\" he greeted her. He swung the bouquet out from behind his back, conjuring a spray of roses and baby's breath. \"These are for you.\" Lisa took the bouquet happily, beaming at the blossoms. \"Thanks honey,\" she enthused, \"They're beautiful.\" She leaned in and planted a warm kiss on Johnny's cheek. \"Did you get the promotion?\" \"Nah,\" Johnny said, rolling his eyes as his shoulders slumped, defeated. He trudged away, sinking down onto the couch. For a moment, Lisa watched him, clutching the bouquet of roses to herself, hugging them to her chest. Finally she sighed, putting the roses in a glass vase she'd been carrying and placing them on the coffee table and then sitting across from Johnny. \"You didn't get it,\" she criticized, \"Did you?\" \"That son of a bitch told me I would get it within three months!\" Johnny exclaimed, the rage exploding out of him. \"I saved them bundles! They're crazy! I don't think I will ever get it,\" he continued as Lisa busied her hands arranging and rearranging the roses. \"They betrayed me, they didn't keep their promise, they tricked me, and I don't care anymore.\" Giving up her quest for the perfect flower arrangement, Lisa slumped back in her chair. \"Did you tell them how much you save them?\" she asked. \"Of course,\" Johnny ranted, \"What do you think? They already put my ideas into practice.\" He stopped and sighed before adding, as summary, \"The bank saves money, and they are using me, and I am the fool.\" \"I still love you,\" Lisa offered, a sweet smile plastered across her lips. \"You're the only one who does,\" Johnny mused. Lisa's smile faltered, her back stiffened. \"At least you have friends,\" she pointed out, \"I didn't get any calls today. You're right.\" As she nodded, Lisa looked back at Johnny's gift of flowers. \"The computer business is too competitive.\" An impish look on her face, Lisa's eyes rose to meet Johnny's. \"You want me to order a pizza?\" \"Whatever,\" Johnny groaned, \"I don't care.\" \"I already ordered a pizza,\" Lisa grinned. Johnny favoured this with a chuckle. \"You think about everything.\" The moment of levity passed, and Johnny lapsed into silence, staring at the bowl of fruit on the coffee table in front of him, brooding. Her eyes full of concern, Lisa tilted her head. \"What's the matter?\" she asked. \"Are you all right? It's just a lousy promotion,\" she consoled Johnny. \"You know what you need?\" Johnny looked up, intrigued. \"You need a drink.\" \"I don't drink,\" Johnny chuckled. \"You know that!\" Lisa pursed her lips. A few minutes later, after the pizza had arrived and sat open, inviting, on the coffee table, she slipped away, only to come back with two tumblers made of cut crystal, half filled with red wine. Johnny watched her progress with amusement. A bottle of vodka was tucked under one arm, and, as she set the glasses down, she righted the bottle and unscrewed the cap. She shot Johnny a triumphant look as the vodka opened before filling the two glasses with the clear, potent liquid. The smell of pesto, garlic, tomato and bread filled the room, a cornucopia of pleasures. Johnny breathed it in as Lisa passed him one of the glasses, holding the other one. \"Don't worry about it,\" she told him as he looked down uncertainly at the light red liquid he held. \"It's good for you.\" As if to prove it, Lisa brought her glass to her lips and easily drank a long sip of the mixture. In response, Johnny put his glass back on the table with an audible clatter. \"You must be crazy,\" he motioned at the wine and vodka, \"I can't drink this.\" Lisa placed her drink on the coffee table before putting Johnny's drink back in his hand. \"If you love me, you'll drink it,\" she giggled, her hand resting on Johnny's. She guided the concoction back to his mouth, tipping the glass and giving him a gulp large enough that Johnny began to sputter. The drink moved away from Johnny's face with Lisa's hand, but Johnny focused on the glass with a newfound appreciation. \"You're right,\" he nodded. \"It tastes good.\" He let out a short chuckle. \"I know,\" Lisa said with a haughty raise of her chin, raising her glass as she spoke. \"I am right.\" She took another sip of the wine and vodka. \"Don't worry about those fuckers. You're a good man.\" Overcome by giddiness, she giggled, \"Drink and let's have some fun.\" The two crystal glasses clinked together in a quick toast before Johnny shrugged and joined Lisa, drinking deeply. The wine and vodkas were quickly drained, keeping pace with the emptying pizza box. As Johnny and Lisa enjoyed their dinner, guzzling their drinks, they refilled their glasses from the half-full bottle of vodka, still sitting on the coffee table. The night wore on, the strong, clear liquid disappearing. Johnny and Lisa took no notice, lost in the moment and each others' eyes. Playfully, Lisa had removed her future husband's already loosened and lopsided tie and placed it on her head, wearing it like a headband. Johnny chuckled at his future wife's head wear. Finally, Lisa inverted the bottle of vodka, letting the final drops drip into her glass. She rose to stand next to Johnny, where they had been dancing moments ago, and put the drink to her lips. Johnny did the same, and they both raced to finish the several full mouthfuls of pure, unadulterated vodka in both their glasses. As Lisa finished hers, Johnny tried to catch up, a stream of alcohol dribbling down his chin, trickling over his neck and spreading across the front of his shirt. Seeing this, Lisa collapsed onto the couch, helplessly dissolving into giggles. Finishing the glass, Johnny cast it aside, shattering it on the ground. Pushing his long black hair back, tucking it behind his ears, he studied Lisa from his position above her. \"You have nice legs, Lisa,\" he observed. Guffawing, Lisa pointed up at Johnny. \"And you have nice pecs,\" she laughed. Johnny chuckled in response. \"I'm tired, I'm wasted,\" he rattled off, \"I love you, darling!\" Still fighting back giggles, Lisa smiled invitingly. \"Come on,\" she beckoned, \"Make love to me.\" Wobbling where he stood, Johnny groaned, clutching his stomach. \"Come on,\" Lisa pleaded, insistent. \"You own me one.\" Reaching out, Lisa grabbed Johnny's hand, pulling him down to sit next to her on the couch. Johnny wrapped his arm around Lisa's shoulders, settling in to nestle next to her. \"I love you, Lisa,\" he told her. Lisa smiled. \"I love you,\" she replied, beginning to unbutton Johnny's shirt, still damp with vodka, \"Johnny.\" Suddenly, she dug her fingers into the fabric, balling it in her hands, before ripping the garment open and revealing Johnny's bare chest. Buttons scattered, sounds of them clattering against the ground coming from all over the living room. The fabric still clutched in Lisa's fists, she yanked her future husband towards her, beaming. She kept him pressed as close to her as she could as they kissed. For a long time, they simply stayed in that position, feeling each others' warmth. Eventually though, they stumbled upstairs. Unknowingly, and without a second glance, Johnny passed over the spot on the stairs where his best friend had, that day, entwined so intimately with his future wife, the same way Johnny intended to. Like the night before, Lisa lit candles and put on music, preparing their bedroom. She smiled seductively at Johnny as she slowly removed her skirt and top, and Johnny cast aside his shirt, now missing most of its buttons. Both their heads swimming, they tumbled into the bed together, their closeness chasing away the rest of the day, the trials they had faced when they had been apart. For minutes or for hours or for days or for years they embraced, enraptured in each others' forms, until they both fell asleep.[Chapter 7] \"So I'm organising a party,\" Lisa explained, sitting on a pillow at the base of the spiral staircase, \"For Johnny's birthday. Can you come?\" Shiny black boots covered her from her feet almost to her knees, and clipboard was sitting across her crossed legs. \"When is it?\" Claudette asked, perched on the seat across from Lisa. \"Next Friday at six,\" Lisa told her mother. \"It's a surprise. You can bring someone if you want.\" \"Well, sure, I can come. But…\" Claudette grimaced, clasping her mug of coffee in both hands, \"I don't know if I'll bring anybody.\" She gasped, a thought occurring to her. \"That jerk Harold,\" she hissed. \"He wants me to give him a share of my house. That house belongs to me. He has no right.\" She leaned forward, as if sharing a conspiracy with Lisa \"I'm not giving him a penny. Who does he think he is?\" she demanded, settling back into her chair, her argument settled, as far as she was concerned. \"He's your brother,\" Lisa reminded her mother, putting her own steaming mug of coffee to the side. \"He is always bugging me about my house,\" Claudette whined, as if she had not been interrupted. \"Fifteen years ago, we agreed that house belongs to me,\" she continued. Lisa sighed and rolled her eyes. She had heard this story many times before. \"Now the value of the house is going up and he's seeing dollar signs. Everything goes wrong at once. Nobody wants to help me, and I'm dying.\" Claudette took a deep sip of coffee, as if trying to drown her last few words. It was too late. They were out there now, hanging in the air between her and her daughter, far too soon. She wasn't ready to have told Lisa yet. She wasn't ready to have told anyone yet. She wasn't ready. \"You're not dying, mom,\" Lisa sighed, used to her mother's melodrama. Claudette steeled herself. She couldn't take back what she had already said. It wasn't the time she would have picked, but now was the time to tell her daughter the truth. All she could do was keep herself together, stay as calm as possible to reassure Lisa. \"I got the results of the test back,\" she started, as if it didn't bother her one whit. \"I definitely have breast cancer.\" For a moment, Claudette wondered if her stoic nature had cushioned the blow of her words a little too much. Her daughter looked taken aback by the news, but only a little, and only for a moment. \"Look, don't worry about it,\" she responded. \"Everything will be fine. They're curing lots of people every day.\" Claudette nodded. That part was true. The list of treatment options her doctor had gone over didn't exactly sound pleasant, but they had a high success rate. Unfortunately they also had a high cost. Paying for them would almost bankrupt her – if she didn't have to deal with her brother trying to lay a claim to her house. Now, it all seemed beyond reach. \"I'm sure I'll be alright,\" she conceded, agreeing with Lisa to reassure her. \"Oh,\" she raised a finger, thinking of another topic, a distraction, \"I heard Edward is talking about me. He is a hateful man.\" Claudette took a sip of her coffee, a sneer of distaste working its way across her features. \"I'm so glad I divorced him.\" \"Don't worry about it,\" Lisa insisted. \"You just concentrate on getting well.\" \"Well, at least you have a good man,\" Claudette sighed. It was the one thought she had to cling to. She might not survive for long, and she might not be able to put much aside to leave to her daughter, certainly not enough to provide the life she deserved. Johnny was her best hope for Lisa's future. The best thing she could do was encourage her daughter to stay with her future husband, and she'd never have to worry about money. \"You're wrong,\" Lisa spat. Claudette tilted her head in confusion, unsure what her daughter could be talking about. \"Mom, he's not what you think he is,\" Lisa told her mother. \"He didn't get his promotion. And he got drunk last night.\" At the first bit of news, Claudette rolled her eyes – it wasn't exactly an earth-shattering, end of the world development – but at the second she focused on her daughter. It still wasn't the worst thing to hear, but it was unexpected. Unsatisfied by her mother's response, Lisa added, \"And he hit me.\" \"Johnny doesn't drink,\" Claudette pointed out, her daughter's words making little sense. \"What are you talking about?\" \"He did last night,\" Lisa maintained. \"And I don't love him anymore.\" Claudette sighed, her daughter's future well-being slipping away right in front of her. \"Johnny is your financial security,\" she reminded Lisa. \"You can't afford to ignore this.\" \"Yeah, okay, mom,\" Lisa sighed, defeated. \"Can I just talk to you later?\" \"You don't want to talk to me,\" Claudette groaned, throwing her hands up in the air. A slight smile tracing her lips, Lisa leaned forward. \"I just got done talking with a client, and now I have to get ready to meet him,\" she told her mother, before repeating, \"Can I just talk to you later?\" \"Okay,\" Claudette agreed, setting aside her mug of coffee and retrieving her purse. \"I will see you later.\" She planted a small kiss on her fingertip before tapping her daughter's nose. Lisa grinned and crinkled her nose at their customary goodbye, and then watched her mother let herself out of the dimly lit condo, her smile disappearing as soon as she knew she was alone. Tentatively, Michelle pushed the unlocked door to the condo open, holding a textbook in one hand and her boyfriend Mike's hand in the other. Mike trailed behind, more unsettled by the appropriation of the condo than his girlfriend. Michelle's confidence bolstered him, and he soon relaxed, although he didn't loosen his grip on the small box of chocolates he carried, now clutched in his hand like a comfort blanket. As the door closed behind them, Mike scanned the room, appreciatively taking in the romantic setting – the red walls, the candles, the ornate columns decorating the doors. Michelle had been right. This was the perfect place for them to enjoy each other's company. Michelle turned, smiling as she pressed herself to Mike, one hand against the thick wool of his sweater. \"How much time do we have?\" she asked. \"I don't know,\" Mike stammered, still peering into every corner of the room, trying to reassure himself that they were alone. \"Uh, a couple hours?\" he guessed, nodding with false bravado. \"At least.\" Her smile widening, Michelle turned away, practically skipping towards the couch. \"Well,\" she said, sitting down in the luxurious pile of pillows and sheepskin blankets, \"Let's have some fun.\" Sprawling out, her long legs enhanced by her skin-tight jeans, her black tank top exposing her arms and cleavage, she posed invitingly. Sitting down next to her, Mike flipped open the top on the box of chocolates. \"Did you, uh, know,\" he started nervously, taking out a piece of chocolate as a visual aid, \"That chocolate is the symbol of love?\" he asked, before letting out a short laugh. Warmly, Michelle giggled in response, Mike's sincere if clumsy attempt at seduction proving genuinely endearing. \"Feed me,\" she commanded, relaxing against the soft furs covering the sofa. Obediently, Mike put the open box of chocolates aside, on the coffee table, before leaning forward. He popped the chocolate in Michelle's mouth, and she clutched it between her teeth. Mike wasn't sure how to respond, until Michelle rose up to meet him in a kiss. He opened his mouth to receive it, and for a long moment they explored each other, warmth and the sweet taste of chocolate mingling between them. Overcome, their hands raced across each other's bodies as they became hopelessly lost in the moment. Finally they parted, each savouring the lingering taste of chocolate. Eager to begin the experience again, Mike snatched another candy from the box and held it out to Michelle. Pursing her lips, teasingly, she kept her mouth closed, instead arching her back, tilting her head to offer her neck and chest. Quickly getting the idea, Mike rubbed the chocolate against her throat, and lower down on her upper chest, letting some of the smooth, velvety sweetness melt against Michelle's skin before he placed the rest of the chocolate on her neck. He put his mouth against Michelle's chest, licking and sucking the chocolate from her body as a small moan of pleasure escaped her lips. \"Yum,\" she groaned seductively. \"It's delicious,\" Mike agreed, his mouth full of chocolate. Michelle guided his head back down onto her chest, relishing the feel of his mouth against her bare flesh. After another few seconds she pushed him back up, so they both sat upright on the couch. \"Arms up,\" she directed. With a grin, Mike complied, raising both arms straight above his head as if he was declaring a touchdown. Michelle grabbed the bottom of his sweater and rolled it up, over his arms, throwing it aside impatiently before shoving Mike down. Mike watched Michelle, ready for any further cues, when she grabbed another piece of chocolate. \"Chocolate is the symbol of love,\" she reiterated, dropping the treat into her boyfriend's mouth. She kissed him, tasting some of the chocolate for herself, before she began to move lower, tasting first Mike's neck, then his chest, then his stomach as she loosened his belt. Still chewing on the chocolate, Mike's eyes went wide. Mike and Michelle had just gotten dressed and were still sitting on the couch when the door opened and Lisa entered, followed by her mother. Instantly, Mike threw his sweater on over his t-shirt and he and Michelle hopped to their feet, grabbing their box of chocolates. The tag of Mike's sweater hung just under his chin, the sweater inside-out and backwards, and Michelle's clothes were rumpled in some places and pulled taut in others. Unable to contain herself, Lisa burst out laughing, although her mother adopted a look of the greatest offense. \"What are these characters doing here?\" Claudette asked, inadvertently breaking the fourth wall. Still laughing, Lisa replied, \"They like to come here and do their…\" she trailed off, not sure she wanted to complete that thought, instead thinking of a proper excuse, or at least a euphemism. \"Homework,\" she finally finished. \"What homework?\" Claudette demanded, raising an eyebrow. \"Mom, this is Michelle's boyfriend Mike,\" Lisa said, attempting to diffuse the situation through a round of introductions. \"Mike, this is my mother.\" Mike stiffly held out his hand to shake. \"It's a pleasure to meet you,\" he tried awkwardly, his hand still hanging in the air. When it became clear Claudette was not going to take the offered hand, in fact was not even going to deign to look at Mike, he let his hand drop and fled the condo. \"Bye,\" Michelle said quickly as she followed, in so much of a rush she forgot to even close the door behind her. Lisa gave her a little wave as she left the room, but all Claudette had was an annoyed scoff before she made her way to the sofa, only vacated moments ago. She sat down, exhausted from her hours of shopping with her daughter. \"All that shopping wore me out,\" she groaned, more to herself than to Lisa. \"Hey, Lisa,\" came a voice from the entranceway as Denny burst in through the open door. \"Hey, Denny,\" Lisa answered, returning the greeting. \"Denny, this is my mom,\" she continued, restarting the introductions. \"Mom, this is Denny.\" \"How many people come in and out of this apartment every day?\" Claudette wondered, entirely reasonably, as far as she was concerned. In the past few seconds alone she had seen three different people – other than herself and her daughter – come through Johnny and Lisa's condo, all clearly uninvited. Denny hadn't so much as knocked, instead choosing to simply barge in, and from her daughter's explanation, it seemed as if Michelle and Mike often let themselves in when no one was home. \"This is worse than Grand Central Station.\" \"I just need to borrow some sugar,\" Denny pleaded, not sure what he had done to provoke Claudette's wrath. \"Help yourself, Denny,\" Lisa told him gently, trying to erase the sting of her mother's words. Shyly, self-consciously, apologetically, Denny shrugged. \"I also need a cup of flour, and half a stick of butter,\" he admitted. Lisa grinned and nodded, amused by Denny's naïve combination of uncertainty and cheek. Denny's bashful charm did nothing to appease Claudette's mood, or to endear himself to her. \"Doesn't your home have a kitchen?\" she demanded. Lisa shot her a look of reproach. \"I'll come back later,\" Denny shrugged, instinctively knowing it was time to duck out. Lisa watched Denny retreat and close the door behind him, before she stalked over to the couch where her mother sat, slinging her purse from her shoulder and dropping it on the floor. \"Tell me,\" Claudette began as her daughter sank onto the couch next to her, \"What does Denny do?\" \"Johnny wanted to adopt Denny,\" Lisa explained. Claudette pursed her lips. From his appearance, she had assumed Denny was far older than her daughter's words indicated. That said, with the difference in age between Denny and Johnny, even if he was as mature as she had estimated, it was possible that this had happened years ago, well before Denny would have grown out of the age at which he would need a legal guardian. \"It's really a tragedy how many kids out there don't have parents. When Denny turned eighteen, Johnny found him a little apartment in this building and he's paying for it until he graduates from school,\" Lisa continued, her respect for her future husband radiating from her warm words. \"Johnny really loves Denny, even though he doesn't say it much. He's like,\" she thought about it for a moment, \"A father figure to him. I told you mom, Johnny is very caring about the people in his life,\" she gushed. \"And he gave Denny his own set of keys to our place,\" she finished. \"Please,\" Claudette begged, the saintliness of her future son-in-law further reinforced by Lisa's glowing testimonial – despite her newfound loathing that she claimed for her future husband. \"Don't hurt Johnny. If you really don't love him, so be it,\" she conceded, \"But you should tell him.\" Suddenly, the door opened, and Mike burst in. He raced over to the coffee table, vaulting over a shopping bag. \"I forgot my, uh, book,\" he stuttered, coming up with his excuse as he spoke. He fell onto the sofa next to Claudette, practically hip-checking the woman as he reached over and grasped for the textbook on the coffee table. As Mike picked up the book, Claudette felt something shifting on the couch, something moving against her body. She snatched at whatever was violating her space, seizing a bunch of fabric. At first the material seemed anchored in place, immoveable, but she wrenched it free, holding the bundle up. \"What's this?\" she demanded. A wide, elastic band circled the bundle of fabric, and Claudette held it up by that thick stretchy loop. The shape of the garment became clear as two short legs unfolded, the loose, soft fabric of the boxer shorts untangling out of the ball into which Mike had compressed them. Lisa let out a snort of laughter, and her mother followed suit, too overcome by the absurdity of the situation for the full implications – namely that she probably should have checked for wet spots before she sat down – to seem to matter. Mike quickly snatched his underwear out of Claudette's hands before once again fleeing, disappearing out of the condo as quickly as he could run. The sounds of Lisa and her mother's laughter chased him out, his ears burning with humiliation as he escaped into the bright sunlight outside. \"Homework!\" Claudette repeated in exasperation, her hands gesturing wildly at the closed door. \"Don't worry about it,\" Lisa barely managed to get out, nearly overwhelmed with the giggles bubbling out of her. \"If I were a burglar, you would be my best friend,\" Claudette said, clapping a hand on her daughter's knee. For some reason the words sent a sudden shock of realisation, and idea she couldn't believe had come from her own mind, racing through Claudette. She shook it off as quickly as it had come. \"Look, I don't want to talk about it,\" Lisa shook her head. Fixing an intense stare at her daughter, Claudette hardened her face, looking as stern as she could. \"You know I worry about you,\" she told her. The thought she was sure she'd gotten rid of only moments ago flickered back through her brain. \"I have to go home,\" she abruptly excused herself. \"Okay mom,\" Lisa replied, her wide green eyes sad to see her mother go. For the second time that day, Claudette kissed her finger, pressing it to her daughter's nose. Lisa mimed a kiss in return as her mother's finger made contact. \"Bye bye,\" Claudette said as she stood. \"Bye,\" Lisa mouthed at her mother's retreating back. As Claudette left, carrying a leopard print shopping bag, the door closing behind her, Lisa sank into the sofa in defeat. \"Oh my god,\" she moaned aloud for no reason in particular.[Chapter 8] Running shoes slammed into the steps, pounding up the flight of stairs as Chris-R, enraged, climbed up to the roof. He needed the money Denny had promised, was desperate for it. And besides, even if he wasn't, he couldn't afford to let a debt slide. Image was everything. Image was the entire reason Chris-R had dubbed himself Chris-R. He couldn't go around calling himself Chris. No one heard Chris and thought gangster . When asked what his chosen name meant, what the R stood for, Chris-R would always reply that it meant he would Wreck Yo' Shit. He had to say something like that, even if he inwardly cringed every time he said it. He could never let anyone know what he really wished it meant. Rocker . That was what he always secretly wanted his nickname to be. All his life, he had loved working with wood. It calmed his normally hair-trigger temper the way he could shape, sculpt and smooth with only a few simple tools, turning mere boards and nails into functional, beautiful works of art. What's more, he was good at it. His specialty was rocking chairs. The strong but gentle arc of the runners, the stern but loving form of the seat, all gilded with his own fanciful carvings, a perfect perch from which to sit on a porch and watch the warm afternoon sun sink to the horizon, the light turning orange and red as it faded. In an ideal world, Chris-R would be known for his gorgeous rocking chairs. He had once had plans of becoming a carpenter. Maybe apprenticing to someone after high school, eventually getting his own shop. Sometimes, on his most hopeful days, he decided he didn't need all that, that he could buy a load of materials and work out of his garage. Discerning clients would forgive the lack of a storefront. They'd know to look at Chris-R's workmanship to judge the quality of his labours. Of course, Chris-R knew that would never happen. His home was small, and far too cramped, especially with his mother living with him her dialysis machine taking up the better part of the single bedroom. He'd tried to put money aside, but there was no way, not with the constant flow of medical bills. All Chris-R could do was scrape and salvage as much as he could, devoting every waking moment to keeping his and his mother's lives afloat. He'd had to resort to things he never pictured himself doing, things he had thought himself above before his mother got sick. A cold knot of anger burned in his heart as he imagined the life he thought he would have, remembered the slow realisation that it had slipped away. Hold onto that , he thought. He needed his anger. His rage smouldered like the sun as he threw open the door at the top of the stairs and spotted Denny, obliviously dribbling a basketball across the roof. The eighteen-year-old was pacing across the roof, hemmed in by waist high brick walls. A set of white patio chairs and a table was shoved into the far corner. Chris-R paused, taking a deep breath of the cool air that hovered over the city, as he waited for Denny to turn around, to notice him, to realise for himself what was coming. The sounds of the ball bouncing abruptly stopped as Denny saw Chris-R, his face falling in fear. His thick, muscular arms swinging, his black toque pulled down low over his brow, Chris-R scowled as he strode forward. Denny clutched the ball in front of him as if he could shield himself from the approaching storm. \"Hey, Denny,\" Chris-R growled, closing the distance between himself and Denny even though they were already only two feet apart. \"Chris-R,\" Denny returned, nervously attempting a smile. \"I've been looking for you.\" Denny went to dribble again, not sure whether he was trying to appear confident or whether he just needed to do something to keep his hands from trembling, but Chris-R snatched the basketball out of his grip. \"Yeah, sure you have,\" he snarled. \"You have my money, right?\" \"Yeah, it's coming,\" Denny lied, looking down at the cement roof of the apartment building, trying to peer through the concrete as he searched for a way out. \"It'll be here in a few minutes,\" he stalled. There was a series of thumps, the first deafening to Denny, then growing quieter and quieter until they faded away, seeming to recede into the distance, as Chris-R dropped the basketball and let it roll away. He stepped back a moment, chewing the inside of his cheek as he mulled over Denny's words, and for a moment Denny flattered himself that his ruse had worked and he had bought himself some time. \"What do you mean it's coming, Denny?\" he demanded before leaning down, bringing himself only inches away from Denny's face. \"Where's my money?\" Denny backed away, licking his lips as his mind raced. \"Okay,\" he started, sputtering, \"Just… Just give me five minutes.\" Chris-R stepped back again, but from the look on his face, Denny could tell he wasn't happy. \"Just give me five!\" Denny insisted. Chris-R nodded, as if he was giving the notion serious thought. \"Five minutes?\" he repeated, and Denny nodded dumbly in agreement. \"You want five fucking minutes, Denny? You know what?\" In a single smooth motion, Chris-R reached behind him, shoving his hand beneath his shirt before whipping it back out, a blur of shining steel extending from his fingers. For half a moment the black hole of the barrel of the gun pointed directly at Denny's eye. \"I don't got five fucking minutes!\" Chris-R roared. Denny felt a huge, powerful hand clamp over the back of his neck, squeezing so hard he thought he heard tendons straining not to snap. A strong shove forced him to double over. Out of the corner of his eye, Denny could still see Chris-R's hand brandishing the handgun, waving it around wildly. There was sharp pain as something – a knee? – was thrust into Denny's back, holding him prostrate. Cold, heavy metal pressed into the nape of Denny's neck, promising a hot trail of lead through the base of his skull. Hot breath seared past Denny's ear as Chris-R lowered himself, crouching close enough for Denny to hear his whisper. \"I'm going to ask you again, Denny,\" Chris-R told him, his voice calmer than Denny had ever heard it. \"Where's my money?\" His throat tightening, Denny could only whimper in response at first. \"I don't have anything,\" he finally admitted in a high-pitched whine. \"Where's my money, Denny?\" Chris-R demanded again. \"Where's my fucking money?\" he screamed. Crying, Denny winced at the force of his voice. \"What did you do with my fucking money?\" \"I swear to God it's coming,\" Denny sobbed, retreating to his previously abandoned story. \"Where's my fucking money, Denny?\" Chris-R persisted, maintaining his deafening volume only inches from Denny's ear. Wracked with sobs, Denny curled further into the fetal position. \"Put the gun down,\" he begged. The door to the rooftop opened. At the scene suddenly revealed before him, Johnny's calm expression jolted into shock before hardening into resolve. As the words, \"Where's my fucking money, Denny? Where's my money?\" repeated on endless loop, echoing across the rooftops, Johnny raced forward, followed closely by Mark. Johnny slammed into Chris-R first, ramming into him from behind and taking him by surprise. Chris-R threw his arms up, flailing at the unexpected attack. Seeing the perfect opportunity, Mark grasped Chris-R's gun, grappling with his grip on the pistol. As Denny crawled away, tears streaming from his eyes, Johnny wrapped his hands around Chris-R's shoulder and arm, wrestling him into a hold. There was a clatter out metal on stonework as the flimsy patio furniture was upended, thrown to the ground in the struggle. With an expert's precision, Mark wrenched the gun free, pointing it at Chris-R. Defeated, the drug dealer slumped, raising his hands in surrender. There was a scream from the stairs leading up from the apartments below. \"What's going on here?\" Lisa cried, her hand clutched in her mother's. \"Somebody help!\" she yelped, despite the strong grip Mark and Johnny had on Chris-R's wrists and the gun Mark was pointing at the man's head. Johnny and Mark jerked Chris-R to his feet, dragging him towards the stairwell. Confused and scared, Claudette pulled her daughter out of the way. \"Let's take him to the police,\" Johnny suggested. \"You're fucking dead!\" Chris-R threatened as he was pulled down the stairs. Lisa rushed over to where Denny was recovering, his frame hunched over the brick boundary between the rooftop and empty space. \"Denny, are you okay?\" she asked, her arms wrapping protectively around the traumatised teen. \"What did that man want from you?\" \"Nothing,\" Denny sobbed, his face contorting as he cried. \"Oh, that was not nothing,\" Claudette scoffed. \"Tell me everything,\" Lisa pleaded, forcing herself to weep as she made her face a mirror of Denny's. Pushing her daughter aside, Claudette told Denny, \"You have no idea what kind of trouble you're in here, do you?\" Denny's lower lip jutted out as he swallowed back his tears. \"I owe him some money,\" Denny confessed. \"What kind of money?\" Lisa demanded. \"I owe him some money,\" Denny repeated with a shrug. \"What kind of money?\" Lisa insisted adamantly. \"Everything is okay, he's gone!\" Denny evaded, his brow furrowed. Disbelief flashed across Claudette's face. \"Everything is not okay,\" she told him. \"Denny, that is a dangerous man.\" \"Calm down, he's going to jail,\" Denny whined, his barely-suppressed tears stinging his eyes, threatening to come pouring out as Claudette's questioning overwhelmed him. \"Denny, what kind of money? Just tell me,\" Lisa demanded again. \"What do you need money for?\" Claudette asked suspiciously. \"Mom, please,\" Lisa whirled on her mother, \"Denny is with me and Johnny.\" \"A man like that, with a gun,\" Claudette reminded Lisa. \"My God.\" Calming herself, Lisa turned back to Denny. \"Denny, look at me in the eyes and tell me the truth. We're your friends.\" Taking a deep breath, Denny looked up, finding a sense of safety in Lisa's green eyes, rimmed with tears. \"I bought some drugs from him,\" he finally confessed. At his admission, Claudette rolled her eyes and mouthed an expletive in frustration. \"Things got mixed up. I didn't mean for this to happen.\" \"Denny,\" Lisa sobbed in a long, low moan. \"But I don't have them anymore!\" Denny added quickly, trying to minimize his mistake. \"What kind of drugs, Denny?\" Lisa cried. \"It doesn't matter, I don't have them anymore!\" Denny again claimed. \"It doesn't matter?\" Claudette repeated, disbelief turning into rage. Despite the fact that she had only met Denny once before, she could not understand how the eighteen-year-old could be so stupid. \"How in the hell did you get involved with drugs?\" Her words cut deep, and Denny resumed his weeping. \"What, were you giving them to him, selling them to him?\" Claudette continued, fundamentally misunderstanding the drug dealer-user relationship. \"Where in the hell did you meet that man?\" Without warning, Lisa screamed, \"What kind of drugs do you take?\" \"It was nothing like that!\" Denny asserted nonsensically. \"WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU?\" Lisa screeched. \"I just needed some money to pay off some stuff,\" Denny specified. Lisa was not appeased. \"How much do you have to give him?\" she wanted to know. \"This is not the way you make money, young man,\" Claudette chastised. \"How much?!\" Lisa shrieked. \"Stop ganging up on me!\" Denny blubbered, bawling like a little girl. \"Well, it is time somebody ganged up on you,\" Claudette fumed. \"For God's sake, a man like that – where in the hell did you meet a man like that?\" she demanded, interrupting herself in her fury. \"It doesn't matter,\" Denny sniveled. \"It matters a great deal,\" Claudette raged, way too invested in the life of someone she'd really only just met. \"A man holds a gun on you, you almost got killed. You expect me to forget that?\" \"You're not my fucking mother!\" Denny shot back, making a good point. Her wrath now completely awakened, Claudette grabbed the front of Denny's blue and yellow striped shirt. \"You listen to me, boy,\" she hissed. \"No!\" Lisa threw herself in the way of her mother's ire, hugging Denny to her chest. His tears soaked into the front of her bright red shirt, leaving two wet circles of misery. Claudette made another grab for Denny and was once again blocked by Lisa. She grabbed her daughter's hand, trying to wrest it from its protective position and twisting it away. \"Somebody had better do something around here,\" she urged, her face flush with anger. Watching her daughter stroke Denny's hair, trying to comfort the crying teenager and quiet his continued whine, Claudette stepped away. \"It's okay,\" Lisa murmured to Denny, \"It's okay.\" At that point, Johnny and Mark returned, having conveniently found an on-duty police officer the moment they'd exited the apartment building. The drug dealer's gun and the myriad baggies full of an assortment of drugs he'd stashed in every pocket, not to mention his continued, enraged death threats he constantly shouted at everyone he saw, were enough to convince the cop to arrest him without taking a statement from either Johnny or Mark. \"Are you okay, Denny?\" Johnny asked as he raced to Denny's side, his voice strained. He put his arm over Denny's shoulder, cradling him. \"I'm okay,\" Denny answered. \"Are you okay?\" Johnny demanded again, his eyes scanning Denny for any sign of injury. \"I'm okay!\" Denny insisted. \"What's okay?\" Claudette broke in stepping forward again. Sensing danger, Mark put his hands on her shoulders, holding her back and hoping to calm the raging senior. \"He's taking drugs,\" she announced. As Johnny embraced Denny, letting the young boy's head fall onto his shoulder and putting a reassuring hand on his scalp, Mark clutched Claudette's shoulders tighter, tugging her towards his chest. \"Come on, stop,\" he urged her, \"It was a mistake.\" \"A mistake?\" Claudette repeated contemptuously. \"That he takes drugs?\" Denny's head nestled in the crook of Johnny's neck, Johnny muttered softly, \"Let's go home.\" \"Come on, it's clear,\" Mark told Claudette, motioning to the drug dealer-free rooftop around them. \"What's clear?\" Claudette snarled. \"I am going to call the police.\" \"Mom, stop!\" Lisa pleaded desperately. \"It was Denny's mistake, just stop!\" Claudette groaned, annoyed at her daughter's naiveté before Mark began to lead her away with a nudge. \"Come on,\" Mark started for the third time in a row, \"Let's go.\" \"Why did you do this?\" Johnny asked gently, looking down at Denny with concern. \"You know better, right?\" he continued, his voice suddenly growing in volume. \"Why?!\" \"I'm sorry,\" Denny whined stupidly. \"You know better, Denny,\" Johnny repeated sadly. \"You almost got killed.\" Johnny started to weep, bundling Denny closer and running distraught fingers through his hair. \"I'm sorry,\" Denny apologized again, his face pressed against Johnny's chest. \"It won't happen again.\" \"Denny, you know that Johnny's like your father,\" Lisa said, watching the two men cuddle. \"And we're you're friends. We're going to help you.\" Johnny rubbed a handful of Denny's soft brown hair between his fingers as the teenager nodded, managing to smile at Lisa. \"Let's go home,\" Johnny said again, reaching his arm far over Denny's shoulders to put his hand on his future wife's back. As Johnny led what he thought of as his family away, Lisa was lost in thought. She hoped that Johnny and Mark had successfully taken the drug dealer to the police, and that he'd be arrested. It would make him much easier to find. Not that it was so difficult locating the kind of small fry who were stupid enough to bully teenagers out in the open for what was probably a pittance. No, it would take little effort for Lisa to get the man's name from Denny and then have him found. But the message she had to send – it would be so much more clear if it was sent from jail.[Chapter 9] Mark threw his keys aside as he entered his apartment. He had thought for sure the apprehending of a drug dealer in the same apartment Johnny lived in would be enough to convince the San Francisco police department to start looking into Johnny's assets. Instead he had been laughed out again. \"Didn't you even test the DNA samples I gave you?\" he had pleaded with his old superior, Sergeant Donahue. \"Just check it against – \" \"Dammit, Mark, it came up negative,\" Donahue had whispered, cutting him off. \"And keep your voice down! I was supposed to have thrown your little zip-lock bags of 'evidence' in the trash as soon as you weren't looking. If I had've been smart, that's what I would've done.\" \"There's no way!\" Mark insisted. \"Are you sure – \" \"Sure as the lab geeks can be,\" Donahue had interrupted again. Putting his hands on Mark's shoulders, he had adopted a look of the utmost concern. \"Listen, you need to drop this, Mark. I know it was hard on you, losing your partner, but this isn't the way to go.\" \"I can't just let this go,\" Mark shook his head. \"You know I can't. You know what that sick fuck did to Bailey.\" \"I know,\" Donahue had nodded. \"And we're doing everything we can to find that asshole and make him pay. But there's no evidence that it was this Johnny guy that killed Bailey. And even if it was, this isn't healthy.\" Donahue's hands dropped, his eyes sad. \"We could use your help on this, Mark, but they're not going to let you come back until you stop acting crazy. Go get some help or something, the department'll pay for it.\" \"Thanks for the advice,\" Mark had sighed, before turning and leaving, ignoring Donahue's protests to listen to him. \"Sorry if I can't take it.\" His bad mood had followed him out of the police station and into his car, like a storm cloud glowering above his head as he unlocked his apartment and stepped inside. He took the time to light some scented candles, hoping the smell of lavender would calm him down, before he flopped onto his bed, not even bothering to undress or get under the sheets, closing his eyes as he tried to block out the day. The gentle light and sweet smell wafting over him, Mark managed to relax. His mind drifted as the apartment faded away, the idea of sleep settling in his body. The harsh, insistent beep of his phone, electronic and unnatural, shocked him out of his lull, shattering his calm and jangling him to total awareness. The apartment, all unsympathetic lines and angles, popped back into existence as Mark fumbled for the phone, groping blindly under the bed. Clearing his throat, he pushed the button to talk and pressed the white plastic phone into his ear. \"Hello?\" he asked, still shaking the sleep from his voice. \"I miss you,\" Lisa's voice crept in a sultry tone, wrapping a tendril around Mark's ear. \"I just saw you,\" Mark replied, confused. \"What are you talking about?\" \"I just wanted to hear your sexy voice,\" Lisa told him. \"I keep thinking about your strong hands around my body. It excites me so much.\" As Lisa spoke, Mark's furrowed his brow, not sure what to make of her words. \"I love you.\" \"Is Johnny there?\" Mark wondered aloud. There was no way Lisa was that daring, he hoped, but he shuddered to think of what might happen if his best friend knew. \"He's…\" Lisa hesitated a moment, \"In the shower.\" A surge of adrenaline went through Mark. Lisa was being less than subtle, and there was a definite danger that her future husband might overhear. Mark was now fully awake and aware. \"God, I don't understand you,\" he started slowly, hoping to dissuade Lisa's needy tone. \"Why do you do things like this?\" \"Because I love you,\" Lisa snapped. \"You just don't care, do you?\" \"I do care,\" Mark shot back. \"But… We agreed. It's over between us.\" \"I understand, it's our secret,\" Lisa said softly, soothing. \"But I still have feelings for you.\" Now her voice was strained, almost crying. \"You just don't care.\" \"God, I do care,\" Mark groaned in annoyance. \"I have to go now. I'll see you later, darling,\" Lisa crowed, triumphant that she'd gotten that admission from Mark. \"Don't call me that.\" \"Okay,\" Lisa whispered, cowed, \"Bye.\" Sighing, Mark practically threw the phone down. All the things that had been bothering him, all the things that ran through his mind despite his best efforts – he'd almost succeeded in quieting them just long enough to fall asleep. And then Lisa had to call. Lisa – her glittering green eyes, her bright smile, her zest for life… And her future husband. The images flashing between Mark's eyes were now torn between two themes. One instant it would be Lisa's body, sprawled over the spiral staircase in her condo, somehow melted into the steps and angles as if it were the most comfortable place in the world. The next instant it would be Johnny, and the last glimpse Mark had had of his former partner, Bailey. Bailey had been Mark's partner, but also his best friend. They'd each relied on each other, trusting enough to put their lives in the other's hands, until the day Mark had received a call to tell him Bailey was dead. Killed. Murdered. One of the leads the two detectives had been chasing had whirled back around to bite him. The crime scene was still imprinted on the backs of Mark's eyelids, still haunted Mark's dreams. Bailey, in a dumpster, stabbed in the gut so many times pieces of him were sluicing out. The fury of the crime was unimaginable, meant to send a message. In the end, though, the message hadn't mattered. Bailey and Mark had been the only one following that particular trail, and without Bailey's eye for detail and ability to see connections no one else could, the trail went cold. Without Bailey's faith in Mark, Mark had seemed like a lunatic, a mad dog bent on revenge and looking for the nearest target. Gritting his teeth, Mark dug the heels of his palms into his eyes, trying to force Bailey's end out of his mind. All he succeeded in doing was bringing back Lisa. Lisa, who brought his thoughts back to Johnny, who brought his thoughts back to Bailey. Sleep would be impossible that night without some help. Mark got out of bed and padded into his bathroom. Without turning on the lights, going by memory, he swung open the medicine cabinet and retrieved three sleeping pills. He swallowed them dry before chasing them with a few generous swigs from the forty of whiskey sitting next to the sink. \"You're free to go,\" the officer growled, pulling the door to the cell open with a squeal. Chris-R looked at the cop with disbelief. The man had been glowering at the drug dealer all night – although, to be fair, his death stare had been returned by Chris-R. No one at the police station had any reason to trust or even like Chris-R. Why, then, was he being let go? When Chris-R didn't move, the guard answered his question. \"Your bail's paid.\" A few minutes later, the drug dealer's possessions – minus, of course, his gun – had been restored to him and he was jogging down the steps outside the police station. The officer's explanation had only raised more questions. Chris-R definitely didn't have the money for bail, and he didn't think he knew anyone who did. The only call he'd placed had been to his mother, to tell her he wouldn't be home that night. He didn't tell her where he really was. He couldn't put her through that. But that meant no one knew where he was. How would anyone know to post bail? he wondered as he walked along the sidewalk, a streetlight above flickering out. He still didn't have the faintest idea as a car came roaring out of the darkness, screeching to a stop right next to him. Chris-R barely had time to react before two men hopped out of the car, shoving him into the narrow alley he had been walking past. For the second time that day, Chris-R found himself held in the iron grip of two attackers, their faces hidden by balaclavas, but instead of being surrounded by clear air and empty skies, tall brick walls seemed to close in on him on either side. He kicked, his feet dragging through the trash strewn over the floor of the alley, as he was hauled behind a dumpster, out of view of the street. A fist connected with Chris-R's gut, knocking the air out of him. As the edges of his vision became tinged with black, the distinct sound of clicking echoed down the alley. Footsteps , Chris-R recognized. High heels . Struggling to hold his head up, he saw a pair of long, graceful legs, sheathed in a tight black skirt, come from around the dumpster. \"Oh, hi, Chris-R,\" a sultry voice greeted him. \"Who…\" he coughed, still trying to breathe. Finally lifting his head, he saw blonde hair and green eyes staring down at him with amusement before losing strength and letting his head drop. \"Who are you?\" \"That doesn't matter,\" Lisa giggled cruelly. \"What matters is that you brought drugs to my home. That you almost got police interested in where I live.\" She reached down, her soft hand under his chin, tipping Chris-R's head up to look at her. \"And I can't have that.\" \"Wh–\" Chris-R managed before pain sliced through his stomach, so much sharper than the punch. The feeling intensified, although he didn't think that was possible, as Lisa twisted the knife. Chris-R's body shuddered as he spat up blood, his mouth opening and closing as he tried in vain to speak. \"Shh,\" Lisa softly soothed him as she stabbed, again and again, into Chris-R's torso, savagely ripping him apart.[Chapter 10] It was a balmy day, the weather, at least, perfect. Johnny hoped, as he climbed the stairs, that the fresh air and cool breeze would calm him down and give him some perspective. His thoughts spun wildly out of control, a haze of confusion, hurt, anger, betrayal. Only a few minutes ago, coming home from work, he had run into Claudette, leaving his and Lisa's condo. His future mother-in-law's warmth towards him was usually obvious, but today she had seemed cold and distant. She had only stopped long enough to say, \"Oh, hi, Johnny,\" before she practically tried to flee. Johnny, seeing her discomfort, had asked her what was wrong, slowly drawing out the problem. Claudette had eventually revealed that Lisa had told her mother about the night Johnny had come home, dejected, his promotion an empty promise. Lisa had said that he had drained the bottle of vodka without much help from her, that he had been in a drunken stupor, that he had hit his future wife. Johnny wasn't used to drinking, and it was true that his memories of that night were hazy, but he knew it wasn't true, that it was bullshit. \"I did not hit her, it's not true, it's bullshit, I did not hit her, I did not,\" Johnny complained, drawing out his last point as he flung his empty water bottle aside in anger. \"Oh, hi, Mark.\" \"Oh, hey, Johnny, what's up,\" Mark greeted him, relaxing in one of the patio chairs in the corner of the rooftop, twirling a football in his hands. He wasn't going to ask, not directly anyways, about the grievances Johnny had been listing as he exited the stairwell. There was no way he could've avoided overhearing, but he knew better than to blithely bring it up. \"I have a problem with Lisa,\" Johnny explained. \"She says that I hit her.\" \"What?\" Mark asked with theatrical disbelief, exaggerating his reaction in trying to mask his lack of surprise. \"Well, did you?\" \"No, it's not true,\" Johnny repeated as he sat down next to Mark, before adding, somewhat overdue, \"Don't even ask.\" He crossed his legs, trying to adopt a relaxed posture. \"What's new with you?\" he asked in an attempt to deflect the conversation. \"Well, I'm just sitting up here thinking, you know?\" Mark replied, leaning back in his chair. Despite his posture, Johnny could tell from the darkness in Mark's eyes and the slight knitting of his forehead that Mark was more unsettled than he had initially seemed. \"I've got a question for you.\" \"Yeah?\" Johnny prompted. Picking his words carefully, Mark hesitated before asking, \"You think girls like to cheat like guys do?\" Johnny's eyes narrowed. \"What makes you say that?\" he asked slowly. \"I don't know.\" Mark stood, still idly playing with the ball in his hands. \"I don't know. I'm just…\" Pacing around the rooftop, Mark momentarily trailed off. \"I'm just thinking,\" he finally stated. Turning away, Johnny's eyes scanned San Francisco's skyline. \"I don't need to worry about that because Lisa is loyal to me,\" he sniffed. \"Yeah, man, you never know,\" Mark blurted, instantly regretting his inadvertent hint. Trying to cover it up, he continued, somewhat meaninglessly, \"People are very strange these days. I used to know a girl,\" he kept going, attempting to connect his comment with something logical, \"She had a dozen guys. One of them found out about it, beat her up so bad she ended up in a hospital on Guerrero street.\" Johnny chuckled in response. \"What a story, Mark,\" he laughed. Taken aback at Johnny's reaction, Mark's mind drew a blank. \"Yeah, you can say that again,\" he finally answered, defaulting to banality. Standing, Johnny strode over to where Mark stood, leaning against the short wall around the roof, and adopted an imitation of his pose. \"I'm so happy to have you as my best friend,\" he said ironically, putting a hand on Mark's shoulder. \"And I love Lisa so much.\" \"Yeah, man,\" Mark smiled sadly. \"Yeah, you are very lucky.\" Not understanding the meaning hidden behind his best friend's words, Johnny cocked his head. \"Well, maybe you should have a girl, Mark,\" he suggested, trying to reassure him. Uncomfortable, Mark pushed off the wall, biting his lip as he paced, putting distance between himself and Johnny. \"Yeah, he agreed slowly. \"Maybe you're right.\" He looked down at the football in his hands. \"Maybe I have one already,\" he continued slyly. \"I don't know yet.\" \"Well, what happened?\" Johnny demanded suddenly. \"Remember Betty? That's her name?\" \"Betty?\" Mark repeated, slowly turning around to face Johnny. \"Yeah.\" Mark shifted uncomfortably. \"Yeah, we don't see each other anymore,\" he said, mulling over his past, disastrous relationship, a failed attempt at distracting himself from his pursuit of Johnny. The effort was too little, too late, especially after he'd already uprooted his life to move into the same apartment building to better keep an eye on the object of his suspicion. \"You know, she wasn't any good in bed,\" he lied, fabricating an excuse for the abrupt end to their tryst. \"She was beautiful, but we had too many arguments.\" \"That's too bad. My Lisa is great when I can get it,\" Johnny noted, apparently considering having sex two out of the last three nights unsatisfactory. Mark groaned. \"Oh man, I just can't figure women out,\" he commiserated, dropping back into his previously vacated patio chair. \"Sometimes they're just too smart, sometimes they're just flat out stupid,\" he continued, feigning distrust for fifty-percent of the human race in order to further work his way into Johnny's good graces. \"Other times they're just evil.\" \"It seems to me like you're the expert, Mark,\" Johnny enthused at Mark's simplistic understanding of those strange beings who don't have penises and thus will always remain a mystery. Apparently committed to aping Mark's actions, he once again sat down in the chair next to his best friend. \"No,\" Mark laughed at the absurd notion. \"Definitely not an expert, Johnny.\" His smile suddenly faded. \"What's bothering you, Mark?\" Mark rose, pacing away as he toyed with the football. \"Nothing, man.\" \"Do you have some secret?\" Johnny asked as he followed. He reached out a hand for Mark's shoulder, pulling him around and bringing them face-to-face. \"Forget it.\" \"Why don't you tell me?\" \"Why?\" Mark scoffed, talking over Johnny. \"Forget it, dude.\" \"Come on,\" Johnny urged, snatching the football for some reason. \"Is it some secret? Talk to me, come on!\" \"No, forget it,\" Mark told Johnny again, throwing his arm up. \"I'll talk to you later,\" he called back as he stalked away. Idly tossing the football, Johnny watched his best friend go before retreating to the patio chair. \"Well, whatever.\" As Mark descended down the stairwell, back into the apartment building, he pushed Denny, who had just been coming up, aside, roughly shoving him into the door. Denny, confused and hurt, threw his hands in the air, wondering what he had done to deserve such treatment as the door slammed shut behind him. Shrugging it off, he said, \"Hey, Johnny,\" as he trotted over to the patio chairs. \"Oh, hi, Denny,\" Johnny gave his customary greeting, still tossing the football, watching it spin and twirl through the air. \"What's wrong with Mark?\" \"He's cranky today,\" Johnny chuckled. \"Girl trouble, I guess. What's new with you?\" Denny shrugged noncommittally. \"Not much. Still going to the movie tonight?\" \"Oh, sure we are,\" Johnny nodded, dangling the football above his head. \"What kind of movie are we going to see?\" \"Well, we'll see…\" Lost in thought, Johnny trailed off. \"Denny, don't plan too much,\" he finally chided. \"It might not come out right.\" \"Alright,\" Denny accepted the bizarre answer. \"Let's toss the ball around.\" \"Okay,\" Johnny agreed, standing and lobbing the ball to where Denny stood, next to the edge of the building. Deftly catching the football, Denny examined the ball, studying the stitching and seemingly trying to memorize every dimple of the faux leather. \"I've got to tell you about something,\" he started before tossing the ball back to Johnny. \"Shoot, Denny.\" The ball landed in Johnny's fingers with a thunk. The football flew back across the space between them. \"It's about Lisa.\" \"Go on,\" Johnny prompted. \"She's beautiful.\" Denny's fingers traced the stitching on the football, his eyes locked on Johnny's. \"She looks great in her red dress. I think I'm in love with her.\" \"Go on,\" Johnny prompted again, as if more information would improve the situation. \"I know she doesn't like me because sometimes she's mean to me,\" Denny went on, \"But sometimes when I'm around her, I feel like I want to kiss her and tell her that I love her. I don't know,\" he sighed. \"I'm just confused.\" \"Denny,\" Johnny tut-tutted, \"Don't worry about that. Lisa loves you, too. As a person, as a human being. As a friend,\" he babbled. \"You know, people don't have to say it. They can feel it.\" \"What do you mean?\" Denny asked, perhaps confused by Johnny's nearly impenetrable accent. \"You can love someone deep inside your heart and there is nothing wrong with it,\" Johnny explained. \"If a lot of people love each other, the world would be a better place to live.\" \"Lisa's your future wife,\" Denny pointed out randomly. \"Denny, don't worry about it,\" Johnny said again. \"You are a part of our family. We love you very much. We will help you any time. And Lisa loves you, too,\" he reiterated. \"As a friend. You are sort of like her son.\" \"You mean, you're not upset with me?\" Denny asked in surprise, completely ignoring the fact that he was only about five years younger than Lisa. \"No, Johnny told him as they both stood, \"Because I trust you and I trust Lisa. What about Elizabeth, huh?\" Denny grinned at the mention of the girl he had met a few weeks ago, when he ran into her in the halls of the apartment building. Coincidentally, Denny had been on his way home while Elizabeth had been heading out, saying she had only been there to visit a friend. \"Well,\" he blushed, playing with the football as he paced, \"I love her.\" \"Mmhmm,\" Johnny replied sagely. \"When I graduate from college, get a good job,\" Denny described, \"I want to marry her and have kids with her.\" \"That's the idea,\" Johnny approved. \"You're right,\" Denny laughed. \"Thanks for paying my tuition.\" \"You're very welcome, Denny, and keep in mind,\" Johnny wrapped his arm around Denny's shoulder as he channeled a used-car salesman, \"If you have any problems, talk to me and I will help you.\" \"Awesome. Thanks, Johnny.\" \"Let's go eat, huh?\" Johnny ushered the eighteen-year-old towards the door to the stairwell. \"Come on, let's go.\" As he playfully jostled the younger man, they began their descent into the apartment building.[Chapter 11] \"So how's Johnny?\" Michelle asked, stretched out on the sofa of Johnny and Lisa's living room. A huge, overfull glass of merlot was cradled in her hand, her legs bared by the long slit in her skirt. Lisa's legs sat parallel to the couch, extended along the hardwood floor. Considering the ruby liquid swirling in her own glass, sitting on the coffee table and brimming with wine, Lisa shook her head, disillusioned. \"He didn't get his promotion,\" she told her friend. Michelle raised her eyebrows in surprise. \"Is he disappointed?\" she winced. \"Quite a bit,\" Lisa stated flatly before taking a sip of the wine clutched in her hand. \"He got drunk last night.\" Tilting her head in surprise, Michelle took a long, deep drink, but failed to react beyond that. \"And he hit me,\" Lisa added in her usual embellishment. \"He hit you?\" Michelle nearly shouted in shock and outrage. Trying to dial it back a little, Lisa shrugged. \"He didn't know what he was doing,\" she sniffed, taking another sip of merlot. \"Are you okay?\" she asked, concerned, scanning Lisa for any sign of injury. \"Well, I don't want to marry him anymore,\" Lisa told her, in a statement that would be totally reasonable in an actual domestic abuse situation. \"What?\" Michelle demanded, apparently dismayed that her friend was considering breaking up with someone who she claimed was abusive. \"Johnny's…\" Lisa searched for the best wording as she set her glass aside. \"Okay,\" she finished, choosing possibly the worst descriptor for, again, someone she was claiming is a future wife-beater, before smirking. \"But I found somebody else.\" A small laugh of disbelief escaped Michelle. \"Lisa, this isn't right,\" she chided her friend in the exact wrong emotional response. \"You're living with one guy and sleeping with another guy?\" \"I'm doing what I want to do,\" Lisa replied, a tendon in her neck jutting out with her annoyance. \"Well, who is he?\" Michelle asked conspiratorially. A warm smile spread across Lisa's face. \"His best friend,\" she said slowly. \"And he lives in this building.\" Her eyes wide, Michelle let out another laugh, apparently forgetting her concern for the feelings of Lisa's future husband. Women, am I right? \"I can't believe you're telling me this,\" she gasped, putting the extremely obvious clues together. \"It's Mark, isn't it?\" Still smugly smirking, her fingers curled around the wine glass, Lisa nodded. \"Lisa… You know you're just thinking about yourself,\" Michelle chided her friend again, her eyes flicking to Lisa's glass of wine on the coffee table. \"Somebody's going to get hurt,\" she warned her as Lisa took a deep sip from the glass in her hand. \"You've got to be honest with Johnny.\" \"I can't do that,\" Lisa told Michelle, the tendon in her neck tightening with rage at her friend's judgement. \"He would be devastated,\" she continued, as if she'd ever given any indication that she cared about her future husband's feelings. \"Well if you care so much for him, why cheat on him?\" Michelle asked, finally making a good point. \"Look, I really don't know what to do.\" Lisa's shoulders slumped, her face sank. \"I love Mark. I don't have any more feelings for Johnny.\" \"Johnny is so excited about this wedding,\" Michelle sighed, giving the last reason you should stay with someone. Seriously, she's either suggesting putting off an inevitable break-up until after a marriage, at which point the legal and financial issues will be added to the emotional ones, or just sucking it up and being unhappy forever. And all to avoid the awkwardness of cancelling a wedding? What is wrong with her? \"I know,\" Lisa sighed, resigned. \"You've got to tell Johnny,\" Michelle repeated. Her jaw tightening, Lisa glared at her friend. \"No guilt trips,\" she told her sternly. \"You don't feel guilty about this at all?\" Michelle guffawed, surprised. \"No,\" Lisa shook her head. \"I'm happy.\" A smile, frozen, was still plastered to Michelle's face. She shook her head in disbelief. \"Something awful is going to happen,\" she cautioned. Her green eyes wide, Lisa beseeched her friend, \"Please don't tell anybody.\" Outside, Johnny picked up the newspaper sitting on the stairs into his and his future wife's condo. He scanned the headlines, flipping the paper over to see if anything caught his eye before he tucked it under his arm and strode up to the door, home after a long day at work. \"Don't worry,\" Michelle reassured Lisa. \"You can trust me. Your secret is safe with me.\" Just then, the sound of the front door opening interrupted their conversation. As Lisa and Michelle clinked their glasses together in a toast, sealing their conspiracy, Johnny stepped inside. \"Hello, Michelle,\" he greeted his future wife's friend. \"I heard you. What secret?\" he pried, falling into the seat next to the couch. Nervously, Michelle laughed in response, but Lisa's face hardened. \"It's between us women,\" she spat. \"Hi, Johnny,\" Michelle returned his greeting uneasily. Noticing her skirt and denim jacket, Johnny asked, \"Is that a new dress?\" \"Um,\" Michelle stammered, unsettled by Johnny's piercing gaze and keen eye for detail. \"Well, I guess I better get going,\" she excused herself abruptly, sitting up. \"I'll just talk to you guys later?\" She stood, picking her way around the coffee table and Johnny's legs, sprawled across the seating area. \"Excuse me.\" Quickly making her way to the door, she cast one last look over her shoulder. \"Lisa,\" she called back, \"Remember what I told you.\" Taking the just-vacated spot on the sofa, Lisa shot Michelle a look of reproach, but nodded as she rearranged the cushions. Michelle gave a little wave and mouthed the word Bye before slipping outside, closing the door behind her. Curious, Johnny's brow furrowed. \"What's she talking about?\" he wondered. Lisa snatched up her glass of merlot and settled into the couch. \"It's girl talk,\" she snarled, \"I just told you that.\" Tense, she took a long gulp of the wine. Johnny sighed before rising out of the chair. \"I never hit you,\" he accused. \"You shouldn't have any secrets from me.\" Shrugging out of his jacket, Johnny cast it aside, throwing it onto the couch. \"I'm your future husband,\" he reminded Lisa as he sank back into the chair. \"Are you sure about that?\" Lisa taunted. \"Maybe I'll change my mind.\" Tossing his long, black hair, Johnny shook his head. \"Don't talk like that. What do you mean?\" \"What do you think? Women change their minds all the time.\" My God, even the women in this story think all women are cardboard cut-outs. Johnny chuckled in response. \"You must be kidding, aren't you?\" \"Look, I don't want to talk about it.\" Lisa stood, the later afternoon sunlight streaming through the windows perfectly illuminating the deep red of her halter top. \"I'm going to go upstairs, and wash up, and go to bed.\" \"How dare to talk to me like that!\" Johnny thundered, rising to block her way. Thrusting his palms into Lisa's chest, he shoved her back onto the couch, making his protests about Lisa's accusations completely moot. He stood over his future wife. \"You should tell me everything.\" Her eyes dark, Lisa glowered up at the man, twice her age. \"I can't talk right now.\" \"Why, Lisa, why, Lisa,\" Johnny repeated in broken sobs, sinking onto the sofa next to her. \"Please talk to me, please!\" Unable to stand his entreating, Lisa turned her face away. \"You're part of my life, you're everything to me,\" Johnny continued, \"I could not go on without you, Lisa.\" Lisa shook her head. \"You're scaring me,\" she told him, trying to stand up, to get away. Johnny once again matched her movements, blocking her in, keeping her from fleeing. \"You're lying, I never hit you,\" he moaned, although he had, just moments ago, shoved her, and he was, just now, ignoring boundaries that Lisa was very explicit about. Johnny thrust his fists into the air. Words exploded out of him. \"You are tearing me apart, Lisa!\" \"Why are you so hysterical?\" Lisa shot back. \"Do you understand life?\" Johnny yelled, roughly shoving his future wife back onto the sofa again. Thrown back into the position she'd just been trying to leave, Lisa sulked, petulant. \"Do you?\" he demanded. Her lower lip stuck out in a pout, Lisa attempted to leave again, standing and edging her way around Johnny. This time he allowed her to pass. She made her way to the spiral staircase before turning. \"Don't worry about it,\" she told her future husband, somewhat cryptically. \"Everything will be alright.\" His head lolling on the back of the couch, Johnny watched her reproachfully. \"You drive me crazy.\" \"Good night, Johnny,\" Lisa called back as she climbed the stairs. \"Don't worry about it,\" Johnny repeated her odd assertion. \"I still love you. Good night, Lisa.\" His eyes followed her long legs, wrapped in tight denim, as she disappeared into their bedroom. Another customer left, leaving only two more milling around in the bank. One of the tellers hit a light switch, dimming the building and letting everyone know it was almost closing time. Through a pair of binoculars, Claudette watched as a woman in a tailored jacket passed a check across the counter. The man taking the slip of paper smiled and mouthed a quick thank you before he turned and began to walk out of the bank. \"Only one left,\" Claudette told Edward. There was a sharp click in response. \"We're ready to go anytime,\" Edward said, slinging the assault rifle across his knee. He tossed a floppy piece of material at his ex wife. \"Here.\" Claudette snatched it out of midair, unfolding the latex to see the exaggerated features of an elderly woman, the face of the mask pulled to unnatural angles that were less like wrinkles than they were like melted candle wax. \"Funny,\" Claudette stated flatly. \"Aw, come on,\" Edward smirked. \"I'm just keeping it casual.\" Ahead of them, there was the chug of the old van starting up. As they began to move, Claudette pulled the mask over her head. She regarded her ex husband through the narrow slits in her disguise, reminding herself why he had gotten herself into this. She needed the money. That was both the long and short of it. There was nothing else that could be said. Cancer was rotting its way through her body, and she might not survive. She couldn't leave her daughter – foolishly gambling a solid future with Johnny – with nothing. She needed the money. To an outsider, Edward might have seemed like the worst person to go to. Claudette's ex husband had no lingering feelings for her, no reason to help. None, except that he knew her inside and out, the same way she knew him. There might not have been love between them, but when you'd lived with someone, shared everything with them for nearly ten years, there was a certain grudging trust. Not the same as faith, but a trust that you knew exactly what they'd do in any situation. Claudette hadn't been in the same room as the man in two years, long enough for his salt-and-pepper hair to go completely white, but she knew he would help her. The van bounced as it lumbered down the hill. Claudette braced herself with each jolt, terrified of the gun in her ex husband's hands. Her horror increased when he suddenly swung the rifle towards her. For a moment she thought she'd misjudged the entire situation, that he was aiming at her, until Edward gave the gun a little shake and she realised he was pointing the butt of the rifle at her, holding it out for her to take. As the van shuddered to a halt, she reached out, tentatively, and grabbed the gun, cradling it in her hands like a baby. Edward picked up another gun that had been sitting on the stainless steel floor of the van, checking it and making sure it was loaded. \"Ready for this?\" he asked, seeming more concerned with the weapon than with Claudette's state of mind. Claudette could only nod, her throat feeling like it was closing up. Focusing on her, Edward pulled on his mask, a latex caricature of an old geezer to match Claudette's old lady. \"Don't worry about it,\" he told her. \"You know what they say: they're more scared of you than you are of them.\" \"Last customer's heading out,\" came the voice of the driver. \"And they're clear. We got a teller moving for the door to lock up.\" \"Well,\" Edward said as he stood, \"It's now or never. Are we doing this?\" \"We're doing this,\" Claudette replied, trying to harden her voice and silence the tremor in it as she rose to her feet. \"Then just follow my lead,\" Edward told her. Exploding into movement, he burst out the back door of the black van, his footsteps pounding on the pavement. Claudette followed, trying to touch the rifle in her hands with only the tips of her fingertips as she raced after her ex husband. Just as a teller inside was reaching the door, her fingers on the deadbolt, ready to turn it, Edward slammed into the door. The teller was pinned by the glass for a moment, dazed at the sudden impact. Following, Claudette slipped through the open door. \"Lock it!\" Edward called back at her, and she did, pushing the door shut and then turning the deadbolt before turning her gun on the teller, still standing bewildered next to the door. Too terrified to speak, Claudette motioned with the barrel of the weapon for the teller to get away from the glass. The woman, shaking, managed to stumble towards the center of the bank, where Edward was rounding up the rest of the workers. \"Do what I say and you'll be home in time for dinner,\" Edward called in a voice muffled by rubber. \"But if anyone fucks around, you're leaving this bank in a body bag.\"[Chapter 12] The blinking red and blue lights of the cruisers outside the alley seemed strange so close to the police station. In the dim, pre-dawn light, they lit the street, creating long, ominous shadows across the ornate exteriors of the buildings lining the block. Police tape roped off the alley, and the occasional flash of a camera blazed like a localised lightning storm. The area was swarming with cops. Mark had parked around the corner, respectfully, not wanting to get in their way, although he was currently jogging towards the crime scene. As he approached, he saw Sergeant Donahue giving brisk orders to a uniformed officer, who nodded before heading towards one of the cruisers. \"Sarge,\" Mark called as he neared the scene. Donahue's head snapped to face Mark, his eyes narrowing. The huge man matched Mark's pace, thundering towards him before grabbing him by the arm and pulling him further from the scene, sweeping the smaller man up in his wake. \"What the fuck you doing here, Mark?\" he demanded, his voice a low, angry growl. \"You listening to your police scanner again?\" \"I heard,\" Mark gulped, \"I heard this was like – \" \"Like Bailey?\" Donahue finished for him. His hands on his hips, Mark's former superior stepped away, shaking his head. \"Yeah, fine, it's just like Bailey. What's your point?\" Taken aback, Mark's forehead knitted. \"Doesn't this mean you're finally going to look into Johnny? I'm already on the inside, man, I can get so much – \" \"No!\" Donahue cut Mark off, bellowing loud enough that some of the uniforms nearby stopped and stared. Waving them off, he lowered his voice. \"Drop,\" he started slowly, \"Your obsession with Johnny. It's getting you nowhere, and if you keep it up, I'm going to have you arrested for stalking.\" \"But – \" \"This murder doesn't link Johnny to Bailey, it links whoever killed this poor bastard to whoever killed Bailey, got it?\" Donahue told Mark. \"Now hopefully this is gonna give us some new leads, so what I suggest you do is get your shit sorted out and come help us on this.\" \"I can help you now,\" Mark protested. \"Just let me take a look at the scene, man. I might be able to see something you missed.\" \"You know I can't let you do that, Mark,\" Donahue scolded. \"'Sides, we're almost done here. Just cleaning up now.\" As if on cue, two paramedics carrying a stretcher between them came out of the alley. On the stretcher laid a long black body bag, zipped up almost to the top. Those few unzipped inches that had been neglected, gaping open, suddenly split, expanding as the stretcher jolted over a curb. An arm, blood-stained and mottled after festering for over twenty-four hours in San Francisco's summer heat, fell through the hole, dragging the zipper down further with its weight, until a livid, angry face peered out of the body bag. The paramedics steadied the stretcher and rushed to put the limb back in and reseal the bag, but Mark had already seen, and was pacing around Donahue. His jaw was slack and his movements slow as if he was in a dream. \"Mark,\" Donahue called after him in warning. \"Mark, I told you to back off.\" Mark barely heard. \"I know that guy,\" he whispered to himself. \"What?\" Donahue demanded. \"I know that guy,\" Mark said clearly, firmly, loud enough to hear. \"Oh, yeah?\" Donahue raised an eyebrow. \"Please don't tell me this all connects back to this Johnny guy.\" \"It does.\" Mark turned to face the Sergeant. \"That's the drug dealer that was at Johnny's apartment building the day before yesterday. He was threatening this kid who's like a son to Johnny. Me and Johnny disarmed him and handed him over to you guys.\" Donahue gaped. \"Alright,\" he conceded. \"You win. Johnny's officially got my interest.\" A black tank top exposing his thick, muscular arms, Johnny strode through the alley outside the apartment building. \"Hey, Johnny,\" a voice called after him. \"What's going on, man?\" Johnny whirled around, spotting the speaker. \"Oh, hi, Mike,\" he reached out, and they clasped hands for a moment. \"What's new?\" \"Actually, Johnny,\" Mike started, pacing over to the twin garbage cans shining at the side of the alley, \"I got a little bit of a tragedy on my hands, yeah.\" He paused, putting his hands on his hips as he tried to organize his story in his mind. \"Me and Michelle,\" he stammered, \"We were… We were making out, uh,\" he blushed, \"At your place.\" Johnny chuckled in response. \"And, uh, Lisa and Claudette sort of, uh, walked in on us. But that's not the end of the story.\" \"Go on,\" Johnny prompted. \"I'm listening.\" \"Okay,\" Mike steadied himself. \"We're going at it. And, um, I get out of there as fast as possible, you know? I get my pants, I get my shirt, and I get out of there,\" he recounted. \"And then about halfway down the stairs, I realize that I have misplaced, I have forgotten something.\" \"Mmhmm.\" \"My underwear,\" Mike finally admitted, which might have been a surprise if we hadn't already seen the scene Mike was describing. Johnny chuckled in response. \"So I come back to get it,\" Mike continued, \"You know, and I pretend that I need a book, you know, I'm like, looking for my book.\" He performed a poor imitation of someone who was looking for their book. \"And I reach in, I put the underwear in my pocket and slide out real quick.\" \"Uh huh.\" \"Well, Claudette, she saw it sticking out of my pocket,\" Mike uttered, dejected. \"She pulls it out,\" he mimed holding up a pair of boxers by the waistband, \"And she's showing everybody,\" by everybody , apparently meaning Lisa, \"Uh, me underwears.\" \"You must be kidding, underwear,\" Johnny laughed at the absurd image. \"I got the picture.\" \"Yeah,\" Mike mumbled, shrugging. \"I don't know what to…\" Johnny put a reassuring hand on the man's shoulder. \"That's life,\" he told him. Throwing his hand up, Mike mumbled and shrugged again. His muttering was cut off by a voice from down the alley calling out, \"Hey, Johnny.\" Denny jogged up, holding a football. \"Hey, Mike.\" \"Hey, Denny,\" Johnny greeted him. \"'Sup, buddy,\" Mike asked. Holding up the ball, Denny grinned. \"You guys want to play some football?\" \"I gotta see Michelle in a little bit,\" Mike decline, \"To make out with her.\" \"Aw, come on,\" Denny groaned. Joining his chorus, Johnny also urged, \"Come on!\" Overcome by their argument, Mike shook his head. \"Alright, whatever,\" he agreed, accepting the football that Denny was pressing into his hand. \"I'm going out,\" Denny explained as he went long, jogging further up the alley and holding his hands up to solicit a pass. Sending the ball flying in a gentle arc, Mike tossed the football to Denny. Throwing the ball around the triangle formed by the three men, Denny, Johnny and Mike joked and laughed as they played. \"Sorry you had to see that,\" Mike told Denny, apparently talking about an alternate version of the underwear story that involved more characters. Or maybe it happened again, on a completely different occasion? \"I'm not sorry,\" Denny replied mischievously, catching the ball easily. Johnny chuckled in response. \"You enjoyed it,\" Mike teased. \"Almost as much as I did.\" Flying across the few feet between them, the football was tossed around the small group. \"Studying, right?\" Denny teased back, before adding sadly, \"I don't study like that.\" Catching the ball, Johnny confirmed, \"He doesn't.\" Denny let out a loud, abrupt guffaw before looking towards the entrance of the alley. He spotted Mark coming toward them and broke into a wide grin. \"He, Denny, what's up?\" Mark greeted him. \"Oh, hi, Mark,\" Johnny said. Mike passed the ball to Mark as he entered the circle. \"What's up?\" he asked. \"Not too much, what about you guys?\" Mark replied, twirling the ball expertly between his fingers. Smoothly, he threw the ball, overhand, to Denny. \"He's just telling us about an underwear issue he has,\" Denny answered. \"Dude, don't,\" Mike stuttered, desperately trying to shush Denny. \"Underwear?\" Mark repeated, catching the ball again. \"What's that?\" he said, presumably wondering about the underwear issue and not what underwear were. \"It's embarrassing man,\" Mike tried to shrink, \"I don't want to get into it.\" \"Underwear, man?\" Mark asked again, giving Mike's shoulder a playful shove. Regretting bringing up his humiliating story and willing to do anything to deflect the questions and get everyone to drop the topic, Mike saw his opportunity and took it. At Mark's gentle tap, he threw himself to the ground, stumbling wildly into the garbage cans and knocking them down as he flailed clumsily. Sprawled on the ground, Mike groaned in pain. Their game of football – and their jibes at Mike's expense – completely forgotten, the others crowded around, their faces full of concern as they asked if Mike was okay. \"Yeah, I'm fine,\" Mike replied, but he let his voice come out in a shrill whine, playing up his distress. Strong arms reached down and wrapped around his elbows and shoulders, lifting him up off the pavement. \"Do you want to see a doctor?\" Johnny asked. \"No, no, no,\" Mike declined in a staccato string of negatives. \"I need to…\" He trailed off as Mark slung Mike's arm over his shoulder, easily taking his weight. \"I'm good. I'm alright. I'm fine.\" \"I'll take him home,\" Mark offered. Johnny nodded. \"Why don't you take him home,\" he agreed. \"And, listen, Mike, if you need anything,\" he called after the pair, slowly limping down the alley, \"Call me. Any time at all. Alright?\" As Mike and Mark disappeared, he added, \"See you guys.\" \"See you guys,\" Denny echoed, standing next to Johnny, shocked at how suddenly their merriment had turned to tragedy. As he reached down to retrieve the football, Johnny shook his head. \"Let's go home, Denny,\" Johnny suggested, patting the eighteen-year-old on the shoulder.[Chapter 13] \"You look really tired today, mom,\" Lisa told her mother as they entered Johnny and Lisa's condo. \"Are you feeling okay?\" Forcing a smile, Claudette turned back to look at her daughter. Clad in a tasteful blue t-shirt and a black pencil skirt, her blonde hair curled and bouncy, she seemed lighter, happier. Claudette couldn't destroy her daughter's mood with the truth. For now, she would have to protect her from what was really going on. \"I didn't get much sleep last night,\" Claudette shrugged. Technically it was true, but the reason for her sleeplessness could afford to go unmentioned. \"Why not?\" Lisa asked, concerned. \"What's wrong?\" Claudette barely even hesitated. It wasn't as if she didn't have dozens of examples of drama she could instantly call upon. \"You remember my friend, Shirley Hamilton?\" \"Uh huh,\" Lisa nodded. \"She wants to buy a new house,\" Claudette continued, rattling off the tale, \"And so I asked Johnny if he could help her with the down payment. All he can tell me is it's an awkward situation.\" As she said the word awkward, Claudette brought her fingers up in an indication of quotation marks, mocking Johnny's reticence to possibly go in debt in order to help someone he probably barely knows make a massive, life-changing purchase. Claudette wagged her finger at her daughter. \"I expected your husband to be a little more generous,\" she chided. \"He's not,\" Lisa hissed, \"My husband.\" \"I know,\" Claudette conceded, starting to pace towards the sofa. \"But Johnny is part of our family.\" \"Mom,\" Lisa stopped her mother, holding her shoulder as she directed her to look her in the eyes. \"I don't love Johnny anymore,\" she said firmly. At her mother's scoff, she continued, \"I don't even like him. I had sex with someone else.\" \"You can't be serious,\" Claudette shook her head. \"You don't understand,\" Lisa groaned. \"Who?\" Claudette clucked. \"Who is it?\" Hesitant, Lisa fidgeted, shifted her weight and smoothing out the wrinkles in her shirt. \"I don't want to talk about it,\" she finally replied. \"You don't want to talk about it,\" Claudette repeated, rolling her eyes. \"Then why bring it up in the first place?\" \"I don't know,\" Lisa sulked. \"You don't know,\" Claudette repeated her daughter's words again before pointing an accusing finger at Lisa. \"If you think I'm tired today, wait till you see me tomorrow.\" Wanting to drop the topic, Lisa asked, \"Are you coming to the party?\" \"Sure,\" Claudette waved her hand dismissively. \"I suppose so.\" Still annoyed, her head held high, haughty, she turned and walked away, leading her daughter back out of the apartment. The door closed, and silence settled over the condo. The small living space was dark and still. Shrouded on the spiral staircase, perched between the living room and the bedroom, Johnny hid, heartbroken. He had heard his future wife and her mother enter and had crept a few steps down, listening in. Prying hadn't been his goal – he was only overexcited about his birthday, and knew there was some sort of surprise in the works. The fact that he knew Lisa and Michelle had been confiding about some secret, something that Lisa guarded venomously, had not played into his decision to eavesdrop at all, he had told himself as he waited and watched. \"How can they say this about me?\" he wondered aloud. \"I don't believe it. I show them.\" Johnny's eyes narrowed with resolve. \"I will record everything.\" He rose from his roost and descended the stairs into the living room, cold purpose running through his veins. Clutching an answering machine in his hands, his eyes never left the wireless phone sitting in its cradle on the table next to the framed portraits of spoons. Johnny yanked the wires out from the back of the phone, finding the connectors, before he carefully inserted them into the answering machine as if he was wiring the device up normally. Pursing his lips, he made a few adjustments, rigging the machine to record any time the phone was used. He retraced his jury-rigged wiring again, making sure everything was in place, before he grabbed the empty cassette tape he'd been carrying in his pocket, arming the answering machine. He pressed a few buttons, readying the device, before slipping his set-up under the table, hiding it in the voluminous table cloth that draped down to the floor. Smoothing out the table cloth and adjusting the picture frames, Johnny made sure everything was as it had been before he bugged the phone. Finally, satisfied with his work, he pushed a long tendril of hair out of his eyes and stood with a grim smile, slowly retreating up the stairs, putting as much distance between himself and his handiwork as he could. There was a creak and a soft padding sound. The door opening and footsteps , Michelle recognised. Blinded by the silk tied over her eyes, she strained to hear, trying to pinpoint how close to her Mike's bare feet were. Another creak heralded the sound of a window opening to Michelle's right. A few seconds later, the one on the left opened. It was a quiet night, only the sound of a few crickets chirping, but it was cool, and Michelle's skin was soon dimpled with goosebumps. She shivered, rattling the handcuffs that held her arms up above her head, fastening her to the wall. Where the baseboards met the floor, her feet were similarly shackled, holding her so taut she could barely fidget. \"Remember,\" Mike said from somewhere in front of her, \"The safe word is football.\" Through her blindfold, Michelle tried to throw her boyfriend a look of disbelief. \"I think I'll be okay,\" she told him. \"Don't worry about it.\" There were more padding footsteps and then the room went silent, except for the fauna outside. The wind outside picked up, bringing a gust of cold air into the room, caressing her skin with icy fingers. A few minutes later, footsteps were approaching her again, this time accompanied by the sound of metal scraping on metal. The scraping sped up as it got close, and Mike paced around her, deciding where to start, drawing out the anticipation. That was the worst part , Michelle thought, tensing, although a moment later she debated about whether it was really the best. She had no idea when – or where – Mike would start, no way to brace herself. Another breeze whirled through the room, chilling her skin. As she shivered from the cold, she suddenly felt liquid heat drop onto her shoulder and then slowly sluice down her chest, over her breast in a thick, warm rivulet, and another, very different shiver went through her. The sweet smell of chocolate tickled her nose. As the dark, molten chocolate made its way onto Michelle's stomach, another, wetter heat appeared just below, moving up as Mike dragged his tongue across her belly, eating the chocolate off her skin. In soft little licks, he tasted the path of melted candy, rising up to where it had flowed over her breast. Michelle had only been warm where the chocolate had touched her, in a thin line of sweetness, but now heat surged through her breast as Mike took her nipple in his mouth, sucking the chocolate away. A little moan of pleasure escaped her lips as Mike kept going, getting every drop. Then it stopped. Mike's mouth moved away, leaving Michelle standing cold and blind against the wall. Now, though, heat surged between her legs, and her hips almost instinctively swayed, searching for her partner. Michelle bit her lip, eager to continue, almost about to beg for more. Each second seemed to drag by. Finally, she felt the hard metal of the ladle against her neck as Mike let a waterfall of chocolate drizzle down her body from just below her chin. The chocolate slowly oozed down, splitting into separate paths that etched their way to the floor. Even without Mike's ministrations, the sensation of the wave of heat moving over her, caressing her, covering her, warming some places and leaving others exposed to the cold, was enough to get her moaning in pleasure again. Mike's mouth suddenly appeared again, hot and wet, this time on her shoulder. It was wide open, lapping at Michelle's candy coating as his hand slid through the thick, sticky chocolate covering her hips, moving to her ass, where he grabbed a handful of her skin, his fingertips digging in as he pulled her towards him. Still sucking the chocolate off her, Mike's mouth moved higher, up to her neck, taking mouthfuls of the sweetness. Taking a deep breath of the aroma, he nipped at the sensitive skin, and Michelle sighed, pressing into him as hard as the handcuffs allowed.[Chapter 14] The sunlight filtering through the curtains painted the room in deep crimsons and blacks, a strange menagerie of shadows flickering across the few pools of light. Johnny strode in from the kitchen, his hand wrapped around a plastic bottle of water. He leaned over and poured the pure liquid into the two glasses, sitting side by side on the coffee table under a pair of watchful, bespectacled eyes. \"I don't understand women,\" Johnny bemoaned as he sat down on the sofa. \"Do you, Peter?\" Relaxing on the chair opposite Johnny, Peter's dark suit was completely at home in the shades of Johnny and Lisa's condo. He tilted his head, adopting the concerned posture that put so many of his patients at ease. \"What man does?\" he laughed, an admission that any self-respecting psychologist would find deeply embarrassing. Luckily for Peter, this did not raise Johnny's suspicions. \"What's the problem?\" \"They never say what they mean,\" Johnny declared, screwing the cap back on the bottle. \"And they always play games.\" He put the plastic bottle down on the floor with a thunk. \"Okay,\" Peter absorbed Johnny's words, analyzing them for any hidden meaning. \"Um… What do you mean?\" Passing one of the filled glasses to Peter, Johnny sat back on the couch, trying to relax and feeling uncomfortably like one of Peter's appointments. \"I have a serious problem with Lisa,\" he divulged. \"I don't think she's faithful to me. In fact, I know she isn't.\" Peter's brow furrowed over the perfectly round lenses of his glasses. \"Lisa?\" he clarified. \"You're sure?\" \"Yeah, I'm sure,\" Johnny confirmed. \"I overheard a conversation between Lisa and her mother.\" He looked down, studying the glass of water in his hands, seemingly entrance in the way it caught the dim light bleeding through the curtains. \"What should I do, Peter?\" Blinking in surprise and confusion, Peter's mind performed a quick search of its contents, comparing what Johnny had just told him to every experience he'd had with Lisa. \"This is Lisa we're talking about?\" he asked again, uncertain. \"Yeah.\" Peter shook his head. \"I don't know what to say.\" \"But you're a psychologist,\" Johnny protested. \"Do you have some advice?\" Rising to his feet, Peter paced the room, eventually ending up near the fireplace, one arm propped up on the mantle. \"It's a complicated situation, Johnny. I mean,\" he shook his head again, \"You're my friend, and I don't want to get between you and Lisa.\" It was the most polite way of declining Peter could think of, and also his standard response. Since he'd become a psychologist, he'd found that people seemed to think that meant he was available to help them with their problems as a favour. He did have the expertise, and he would like to help his friends, but it was far too unprofessional. It was fine for mechanics or plumbers to fix some inanimate objects for friends and family, but delving into someone's mind was different. It required emotional distance, an outsider's perspective. As an alien, Peter had the ultimate outsider's perspective. He regarded his friends – not to mention his patients – less as people than as research subjects, objects of curiosity. That was all they were supposed to be to him, although lately he found himself growing fond of the strange creatures, a sensation that worried him. If he couldn't maintain his distance, it might affect his ability to gather data. Even now, his superiors floating in orbit could be reading his last report, seeing the signs and preparing to call him back, ending his mission. Getting involved in Johnny's problems represented a double threat. His cold demeanor and detachment from his supposed fellow humans was fine, even expected when it was towards his patients. But towards his friends, it would not go unnoticed. He could fake mild concern and friendliness in a casual conversation, but a more serious problem required a more serious response, one that Peter didn't trust himself to feign. On the other hand, there was the risk that opening himself up to Johnny and Lisa's issues would have the opposite effect, that he would truly start to care about the trials and tribulations of the lives of the primitive species. That was the absolute last thing he wanted to happen. He had spent the majority of his life controlling the hologram known as Peter. Both he and his superiors had invested so much time, and now he was in the perfect position to just sit back and observe. He couldn't let something so important slip away just for the insignificant problems of a handful of the little creatures teeming all over the face of the planet. \"Look,\" Peter finally said, deciding to give the most generic advice he possibly could, \"If you want to, you should just confront her.\" \"I can't confront her,\" Johnny groaned. \"I want to give her a second chance. After all, she's my future wife.\" Coming from a polysexual species that reproduced through psychic connections requiring a minimum of a dozen individuals – two females, three males, and a spectrum of the sexes that fell in between – Peter had no real conception of the betrayal Johnny was feeling, nor of his continued devotion to his future wife despite her deceit. \"You know what they say,\" Johnny continued with a slight smile. \"Love is blind.\" \"Well, you've got a lot of faith in Lisa,\" Peter said. He'd found, over the years, that as long as you echoed back the exact thoughts a particular human was having, the self-obsessed creatures would assume you were a genius. He shrugged. \"Sometimes, life gets complicated and the unexpected can happen,\" he added uselessly. \"When it does, we've just got to deal with it.\" The doorbell rang. \"Did you hear the door?\" Peter asked, calibrating his sonic sensors. Johnny swallowed a huge gulp of water. \"Yeah, I heard,\" he replied gruffly. He stood and picked his way around the small living room, cluttered, nearly filled by the coffee table and the plush seating. \"Oh, hi, Mark,\" he greeted as he opened the door. \"Come in.\" \"Oh, hey, Johnny,\" Mark smiled as he stepped inside. Noticing the supposed psychologist standing in the corner, he added, \"Hey, Peter.\" \"We're just talking about women,\" Johnny explained as he headed back to his seat on the sofa. Knowing the reason for Johnny's problems, Mark pursed his lips, not wanting to say anything, or at least not anything incriminating. In his denim jacket and jeans, he felt as if he'd already been convicted of his crimes against his best friend. \"Women, man,\" he observed. \"Women just confuse me.\" He took a seat opposite Johnny. Watching carefully, Peter's brow furrowed again. This stated lack of familiarity and mystification with female humans was a common pronouncement among the males of the species, and Peter had echoed it many times in order to fit in, but he still couldn't comprehend the reason for the confusion. Although he could hardly insert himself into what the female humans referred to as 'Girl Talk', he had managed to analyse some of these conversations through the use of microscopic recorders, drones, and other listening devices, and he knew that the women vacillated between describing the same unbridgeable gap separating their species and claiming a complete understanding of males. The purported confusion baffled Peter. The similarities between the two sects of humanity far outweighed the differences, especially compared to his own species. Far above, in orbit, he knew there were both the many-tentacled females and the round, globular males. He himself fell somewhere in between, although he wasn't currently conscious of the hundreds of stubby, finger-like tendrils he was using to manipulate the Peter hologram. But despite the physical differences, all of Peter's species were able to work together, never doubting that their thoughts, goals and hopes were much the same. Possibly a side effect of being able to establish psychic links , Peter reflected. \"I have a girl,\" Mark started, derailing Peter's chain of thought. \"She's married,\" he continued, testing the limits of what he could say before Johnny became suspicious. \"I mean, she's very attractive, but just…\" He laughed as he trailed off. \"It's driving me crazy.\" \"Why didn't you mention this before?\" Peter asked, intrigued that both Johnny and Mark were experiencing the same situation from opposite sides, wondering how they would react if provoked. \"I mean, is it anyone I know?\" \"No, man, you don't know her,\" Mark shook his head. \"Can I meet her?\" Johnny wondered. \"I don't think so. It's an awkward situation.\" \"You mean she's too old?\" Johnny teased. \"Or you think I would take her away from you?\" In a split second, Peter analysed Johnny's words, trying to determine if it was a threat or a joke. He opted for joke, and laughed. \"Nah,\" Mark laughed along with him. Immediately dour, Johnny took another sip of water. \"I have my own problems.\" \"Tell me about your problems Johnny,\" Peter said. Now that Mark was in the room, he wanted to goad them into a response, to see what would happen if an argument was incited between two best friends. Mark's relationship, he knew, could easily inflame Johnny. Or Johnny's problems might force Mark to become defensive. Either way, it would be educational to see whether friendship or a difference of opinion would be stronger. \"Peter, you always play psychologist with us!\" Johnny claimed, even though, a minute ago, he couldn't pry any useful advice from the man. \"Look, I'm just your friend,\" Peter backed off. \"And I'm just worried about you.\" \"Lisa is teasing me about whether we're going to get married or not,\" Johnny admitted. \"And we didn't make love in a while,\" he added, although in this case a while means like, three days tops. \"And I don't know what to do.\" \"You never really know, I mean…\" Peter trailed off mid-banality. Desperate, he stopped. He had to give something resembling actual advice, or both Mark and Johnny might notice he had an understanding of the human mind that was shaky, at best. \"Look, you should tell her about your feelings, okay? You shouldn't hide them,\" he told Johnny, guidance that would work in just about any situation. \"You two have been together forever. You can work out anything as long as you talk about it.\" Peter had seen, personally, that this wasn't usually the case, but it should've been. Humans were so unreasonable most times, when all it would take to make peace was often the tiniest of compromises. \"Not always,\" Johnny disagreed. \"People are people,\" Peter continued, defaulting to meaningless tautologies. \"Sometimes they can't see their own faults.\" \"Hey, I'm thinking of moving to a bigger place, man,\" Mark interjected, wanting to change the topic and get further away from his betrayal of the man sitting next to him, a man he believed capable of murder. \"I'm making some good money.\" This was a lie, of course. Mark was living off his rapidly depleting life savings and the good will of friends and family. \"Look, you should tell her the truth,\" Peter told Mark, getting the newly introduced topic confused with the previous one. Quickly, he searched for the shortest link between what he and Mark had said, frantic to make his statement appear relevant and natural. \"I mean you're doing this for your girl, right?\" \"You're right, Peter,\" Johnny chuckled in response. \"Is she getting a divorce, Mark?\" \"You guys are too much,\" Mark shook his head. The discussion was getting far too close to Johnny and Lisa's rocky relationship again. Still wanting to avoid that particular subject, he decided to try a different tack. \"Hey, are you running Bay to Breakers again this year?\" he addressed the room, in general. \"I am, sure,\" Johnny nodded. Peter turned away, defeated. There was no natural way for him to guide the conversation back to the trajectory he wanted. \"Nah, I'm not doing it this year.\" As Mark swallowed the lump in his throat, relieved to have finally gotten the exchange onto neutral ground, Johnny chuckled in response. \"Chicken, Peter, you're just a little chicken,\" he crowed. He cheeped, imitating a chicken, as Mark laughed. Mentally, Peter performed a quick search of the memory databanks that provided him with the knowledge he needed to blend in, comparing the sound Johnny was making with all known bird calls. It didn't match a chicken, coming closer to newly-hatched chicks, as well as a wide array of song birds. \"Why are you calling me a chicken?\" Peter asked, certain the normal human reaction would be hurt and grief at their friend's cruel mockery. \"I just don't like all the weirdoes,\" he added ironically. \"There's too many weirdoes there.\" \"I don't mind,\" Johnny shrugged. \"Mark, do you remember the one with big tits, the blond one?\" Peter replayed the conversation briefly, wondering if Johnny had misheard weirdoes as women, or if he just mentally filed all women as weirdoes. \"How about the one with the bridal gown, with the sign?\" \"Oh, yeah, Can you marry me? \" Johnny remembered the phrase a native English speaker would be incredible unlikely to use and chuckled. \"I thought I would take her up on it.\" \"I never ate so much,\" Mark added randomly. \"Yeah, the barbecue chicken was delicious rice,\" Johnny agreed, reminiscing. \"That was cool.\" \"You guys proved me point,\" Peter interjected. \"You're both weird.\" Although he had only been trying to match the two men's jibes and teasing, Peter had inadvertently stumbled upon a profound truth. He took a seat across from them and, seeing their downcast expressions at his pronouncement, tried to introduce a new source of levity. \"You guys want to play cards?\" \"No, we can't,\" Johnny sniffed. \"I expect Lisa any minute.\" \"Hey, come on man, who's the king of the house?\" Mark said, another mangled idiom a native English speaker wouldn't employ. Johnny chuckled in response. \"Yeah, you gotta,\" Peter mumbled something about 'guy life', trying to feign some masculine bravado, specifying that whatever vague thing he had said had to be done, \"Before you get married.\" As Johnny rose to stalk around the sofa, Peter sensed that his ruse had not been completely successful, and decided to take the attention off himself. \"Speaking of,\" he raised his glass, \"How did you ever meet Lisa? You never told us.\" \"Well, that's a very interesting story.\" Settling in to tell it, Johnny perched on the sturdy back of the sofa. \"When I moved to San Francisco with two suitcases, and I didn't know anyone, and I hit the YMCA with a two-thousand dollar cheque which I couldn't cash.\" \"Why not?\" Mark prompted. \"Well, because it was an out-of-state bank,\" Johnny explained. \"Anyway, I was working as a busboy in a hotel and, uh…\" He trailed off as the picture came into his head, clear as day, as if it was happening right in front of him, right now, instead of years ago. \"She was sitting, drinking her coffee, and she was so beautiful. And I say hi to her, and that's how we met.\" Johnny chuckled as he remembered. He didn't know where he'd found the nerve, but somehow, even though he was in a grease-streaked apron and she was in a gorgeous black gown, flowing to the floor, her had walked right up to her and said, \"Oh, hi, beautiful woman.\" Blushing, Lisa had giggled demurely, the men who she had just been speaking to, walking away in their tailored suits with the leather suitcase they had exchanged for the one now sitting under the table, already forgotten. \"So, I mean, what's the interesting part,\" Mark joked. \"Well, the interesting part is that on our first date,\" Johnny recounted, \"She paid for dinner.\" Confused, Peter decided to say nothing, although he still couldn't see what was interesting about that particular data point. \"What?\" Mark exclaimed, flabbergasted. From Bailey's notes on the case, from the money they'd both spent so many sleepless nights tracing, Johnny should have had money flowing in by then. \"No tips from your job?\" \"Whatever,\" Johnny laughed as he stood. \"Do you guys want to eat something?\" he offered, heading for the kitchen. Mark only shrugged. From behind him, he heard the door open and the click-clack of high-heeled shoes coming inside. He turned to see Lisa slipping inside, Denny behind her. \"Hey, guys,\" she said, ostensibly to the room, but her sultry smile was only for Mark. \"What's going on?\" \"Oh, hey, Lisa,\" Mark greeted her flatly, rising out of his chair. \"Hi, Lisa,\" Peter smiled. His eyes taking their time adjusting to the dim light of Johnny and Lisa's condo, Denny stepped over to the window, opening a slit in the drapes and letting a narrow beam of light in to illuminate the room. He hovered near the window, gazing outside. \"Where's Johnny?\" Lisa asked. Indicating with his chin, Mark told her, \"In the kitchen.\" His blue eyes fell on Lisa's face, and he couldn't help but smile. \"I gotta go,\" he excused himself, knowing he could barely contain himself around her. \"I didn't mean to chase you off,\" Lisa pouted, teasing. \"You should stick around for a while.\" \"I gotta work early,\" Mark hastily lied. \"See you.\" With that, he pushed past Denny, making his escape. Lisa watched him go. Not far behind, Peter also stood and headed for the door, giving a brief wave to Lisa and Denny before he disappeared, leaving the door wide open. Sinking to the floor, Denny sat where he was. The door still gaping open behind her, Lisa crouched, bringing herself to eye level with Denny. \"Did you get your wedding gown yet?\" Denny asked, picturing Lisa in flowing white. \"No,\" Lisa told him, smirking, knowing that the wedding would never happen. \"I've got plenty of time.\" \"Are you sure you have plenty of time? It's only a month away.\" \"It'll be fine. What are you so worried about?\" Denny didn't respond, studying the ray of light cutting across the hardwood floor. \"Everything's okay.\" \"Johnny doesn't seem very excited,\" Denny observed, downcast. \"Is there a problem?\" \"There's no problem,\" Lisa insisted. \"Why do you ask?\" Denny shrugged. \"I just want you and Johnny to be happy.\" He rose to his feet, Lisa matching his movements, keeping his face level with hers. \"I am happy,\" Lisa grumbled. \"Look, Denny, I need to talk to Johnny, okay? I'll see you later.\" \"Okay. You'll tell him I said hello?\" \"Yeah.\" Brushing Lisa's hand as he passed, Denny marched out through the still open door, finally pulling it shut behind him. With a sigh, Lisa headed towards the kitchen.[Chapter 15] Peter wasn't sure why he was following Mark. True, his mission was to observe the humans and learn about their patterns, but outright stalking one of them would arouse suspicion. Peter didn't even have a plan for what he would do when he caught up with Mark. As he walked, he wracked his brain for a good excuse, but wasn't sure what would be believable. All he knew was that he was intrigued by the little human drama brewing among his \"friends\", and he couldn't stand to leave it alone, unfinished. The footsteps above and ahead of him, echoing down the stairwell, were interrupted by the sound of a door being shoved open and then slamming. Then it was quiet. Afraid Mark had exited on one of the floors, Peter surged ahead, abandoning his slow, silent gait, stopping on every floor to open the door and peer into the hallways. Nothing. Floor after floor was empty, deserted. Peter didn't know which apartment was Mark's, even which floor he lived on, so he had no idea if Mark could conceivably disappear that fast. As he approached the final door, the one that granted roof access, Peter's stomach – actually a sac in which a population of a mutually-beneficial, moss-like symbiotic species lived – sank. He pushed the door open, almost sure Mark wouldn't be there. For a moment he didn't seem him as he stood near the door, scanning the rooftop. Finally he noticed Mark, slumped against the waist-high brick wall that rimmed the roof, sitting on the ground. A thin white rod was wedged between his fingers, a wisp of grey smoke curling from it up into the air. One of the bundles of dried leaves and paper the humans like to set on fire and inhale , Peter thought. Peter closed the door behind him and strode over to where Mark sat. \"Hey, Mark. What's up?\" \"Oh, hey, Peter,\" Mark answered as Peter pulled up one of the cheap aluminum chairs and sat. \"It's a good place to think up here, isn't it?\" Mark rolled his eyes. \"What, man, you want to put me on the clock?\" he asked. His incredibly sensitive chemo-sensors detecting that the substance in Mark's hand was not tobacco, Peter decided that, were he simply a fellow human, he would be concerned. \"What the hell's that?\" he demanded, pointing at the joint. Mark grinned. \"You want some?\" he offered. \"It's good, bro.\" \"You know I don't smoke that stuff,\" Peter chided. He had an extensive series of protocols for how to modify his behaviour should it appear that his hologram had ingested any kind of drug, but he'd found it was too much of a bother, despite the fact that it gained the trust of certain humans. Mark sighed, a long stream of smoke exploding from his lips, and then took another deep breath from the joint. He let this one slowly trickle from his lungs. \"You look depressed,\" Peter observed. \"I got this sick feeling in my stomach, man,\" Mark replied with a shake of his head. \"I did something awful. I don't think I can forgive myself.\" \"Tell me about it,\" Peter urged, standing. Like he weighted a thousand pounds, Mark heaved himself to his feet, pacing the rooftop. \"I just feel like running,\" he started, taking another toke, \"Killing myself. Or something crazy like that.\" His words were burdened, as if Mark was exhausted. \"Why are you smoking that crap?\" Peter pleaded with Mark, watching him bring the joint to his mouth again. \"It's no wonder you can't think straight. It's going to screw with your head.\" Mark turned. \"It's none of your business, man. You think you know everything.\" Stalking around Peter, Mark's eyes burned. \"You don't know shit.\" \"Wait a second,\" Peter stopped him, grabbing Mark's elbow and whirling him around to face him. \"Who do you think you are?\" he demanded. \"You're acting like a kid! Just grow up.\" \"Man, who are you calling kid?\" With unexpected strength brought on by the haze of reefer making its way through his body, Mark grabbed Peter by his lapels, shaking him hard enough to make the hologram's pain sensors go off. \"Fuck you.\" \"Well just chill out, Mark,\" Peter held up his hands in surrender, trying to wiggle out of Mark's grip. \"I'm just trying to help.\" The tension went out of Mark's hands as Peter paused, thinking. His databanks told him that the drug coursing through Mark should be making him calm, not aggressive – this emotional response was a result of deep, pervasive stress. Perhaps the married woman he was involved with was the cause? Humans did seem exponentially more likely to do something if it was particularly stupid. A thought occurred to him. \"You're having an affair with Lisa, aren't you?\" \"What?\" Mark said slowly, colour draining from his face. His knuckles whitened too, as he tightened his fists, grasping and shaking Peter again. \"What?\" he demanded, louder, inches from Peter's face. Rage twisted his features. Peter's neck was wrenched as he was yanked to the side of the building, to the waist-high wall that penned in the roof. The hologram gritted its teeth as its elbow was rammed into the brickwork and pinned. He struggled, but his analytic programs told him he couldn't win – not that he wasn't able to, but that he simply couldn't. The hologram had quite a few tricks for neutralizing or silencing any of the humans surrounding it, and if it was bested, it was only a projection that could be recalled at any time only to reappear anywhere else. But, barring a catastrophic situation, realistic limits had been imposed on the force the hologram could use, and right now, Mark was using more force than Peter was allowed to counter. Still enraged, Mark forced Peter's head out over the eight story drop at the side of the building, nothing but air between him and the pavement below. Mark tugged, slowly but surely hauling Peter up onto the guard wall, readying to fling him to his apparent death. \"What are you, nuts?\" Peter exclaimed. It was a bizarre turn of events, the alien reflected, and it distressed him even though he wasn't in any danger. Killing another of your kind was a taboo in nearly every known intelligent species. Even if Mark hadn't had a purported friendship with Peter, the willingness to risk imprisonment was confusing. Maybe, Peter thought, maybe this is a unique research opportunity. Mark was clearly suffering some kind of episode, and the effects of such an unstable element within his small, close-knit group of friends promised to be interested. Unfortunately, if Mark thought he had killed the Peter hologram, he would have to observe it from afar. Suddenly unwilling to abandon the project, to leave the tiny lives of the creatures whose lives he had entered, Peter overrode the imposed limits just enough to fight back. Added strength surging through him, he pressed a palm into Mark's chest, shoving him away. Mark flew backwards from the force of the push, stumbling halfway across the rooftop before he found his footing. Mark drew himself to his full height. Watching the man stalk towards him, Peter did the same. He had no reason to be intimidated now. With the controls overridden, he could overpower Mark with little effort. \"I'm sorry,\" Mark apologised for the attempted murder. \"I'm sorry, man. Are you okay?\" Thrown off by Mark's mood swings, Peter shook his head. \"Yeah, I'm fine,\" he spat. \"Let's just talk about your problem.\" Mark searched Peter's face, surprised by Peter's insistent return to Mark's issues despite what had just happened. He could only hope that Peter was simply the most forgiving person ever, and that he didn't have some ulterior motive. The last thing Mark wanted to happen was for word that he was losing his mind to get back to the San Francisco Police Department. For all he knew, Peter's concern could be a tactic to gather evidence against him, but there was nothing he could do. He had to play along, do everything he could to appease Peter. He needed his good will. \"You're sure you're okay?\" he asked uncertainly. \"Yeah.\" Peter motioned at the two patio chairs. With a sigh, Mark trudged towards them, but he had no intention of sitting. He kicked the top off the table, feeling some grim satisfaction at the clang of the aluminum hitting the concrete, the sound echoing across the rooftop, before he booted one of the chairs out of his way, watching it clatter against the brickwork. Leaning against the wall beyond the cheap patio set, he sulked, peering at the long drop to the pavement below him. After a moment's contemplation, Mark turned and started pacing. \"Damn, man, fuck,\" he hissed under his breath before turning on Peter. \"Why do you want to know my secret, man?\" he demanded. \"Well, you're right. It's Lisa.\" Mark shook his head. \"I don't know what to do, man. I'm so depressed. It's all her fault. She's such a manipulative bitch!\" The words exploded out of Mark, held back for so long that they could barely be contained. \"How did you let this happen?\" Peter chided with an inquisitive tilt of his head. Still reeling from what he had said, Mark swore to himself as Peter spoke. \"You know this is going to ruin your friendship with Johnny. What were you thinking?\" The question was asked in earnest. Peter had no idea what kind of thought process went into much of the decision-making that humans performed. This particular instance was a shining example, where even Peter knew that the cons far outweighed the pros. Mark didn't answer. His eyes stared off into the distance. \"Alright, you want my advice?\" Peter finally offered. He thrust his hands deep into his pockets. \"Sometimes, life can get complicated,\" he started, since there was no way for Mark to know this was the same advice he had given Johnny, \"And you've got to be responsible. So you don't see Lisa again, and you definitely don't sleep with her again.\" Mark nodded. The advice was sound, obvious and exactly what he knew he needed to do. It was also something he knew he didn't have the strength to follow, not if Lisa called again, her voice in his ear, telling him all the things he wanted to hear, asking him to come over. Mark could only argue with her for so long. Peter had to understand that , Mark thought. He had to know what it was like when a gorgeous woman told a man what she wanted, and all questions, all protests disappeared. Abandoning responsibilities at that point wasn't a choice that could be made, it was an inevitability. A woman showing a man her boobies instantly absolved him of all responsibility for his actions, making everything he did the woman's fault, everyone knew that. \"Just…\" Peter was continuing, interrupting Mark's deep, profound thoughts. \"Find yourself another girl. She's a sociopath!\" he declared, in direct opposition to his refusal to believe Lisa could cheat on Johnny just minutes before. \"She only cares about herself. She can't love anyone!\" This was not something Mark could believe, mostly because of the aforementioned boob-magic. \"Whatever, Peter,\" he growled. \"Come on,\" he said, stalking off the rooftop, his hand on Peter's shoulder as they walked together.[Chapter 16] \"Oh, thank you,\" Johnny said into the phone, \"Thanks a lot.\" He hung up the phone next to the tasteful photos of cutlery and looked down at his clothes. The tuxedo he wore, still in need of tailoring, hung off him, baggy and rumpled, the jacket seeming to merge seamlessly with his shaggy black hair, turning him into a tall, dark blob. It would need a lot of work before it was presentable for his wedding. In front of him, the door swung open. \"Oh, hi, Denny,\" Johnny greeted. \"Nice tux, you look great!\" Like Johnny, Denny was trying on his outfit for Johnny and Lisa's wedding, but his tuxedo already fit him like a glove, his skinny frame complimented by the suit and his bowtie positioned perfectly. A football was clutched between his hands, and he toyed with it in excitement. \"You look really handsome,\" Denny replied, returning the compliment. Johnny chuckled in response. His eyes taking Johnny in, looking him up and down, Denny added, \"Your wedding picture's going to look great.\" \"Oh, thanks,\" Johnny smiled. The doorbell rang. Denny turned to answer it, lighting up as he recognised Peter standing outside. \"Hey, Peter,\" he said brightly. \"Come on in.\" \"Oh, hi, Peter,\" Johnny chimed in as the hologram stepped inside. \"Hey, guys,\" Peter nodded, closing the door behind him. Johnny mumbled something, and Denny nodded his approval. \"A good tip,\" he noted. Motioning at the small seating area of his and Lisa's condo, Johnny told Peter, \"Sit down.\" The doorbell rang again, literally less than ten seconds after Peter had announced himself the same way. Denny laughed opened the door again. It took a moment for him to process what he saw on the other side. His eyes widened as he stared, amazed. \"Wow,\" he gasped. \"Wow,\" Johnny echoed, drawing the sentiment out. His face clean-shaven and smooth, Mark stepped inside and flashed a thousand-watt smile. Like Denny and Peter, he was tastefully clad in his tailored tux. \"Hey, guys,\" he grinned. Everyone stared silently at him, lost in his eyes. \"You like it?\" he finally prompted. They all nodded, and a chorus of approving Yeah s enveloped Mark. \"You look great,\" Johnny observed. \"You look, uh, babyface, huh?\" \"You guys want to place some football?\" Denny suddenly asked. \"In tuxes?\" Peter clarified, searching his memory banks. In all his information on humanity, he could not find a single recorded instance of sports being played in formal wear, or at least not formal wear that had been expensive and was supposed to look pleasing to humans. The idea was unprecedented, and to blend in, he had to decline. \"No. You've got to be kidding.\" Denny blinked, hurt. He turned to Mark. \"Come on, Mark,\" he pleaded, \"Let's do it.\" \"I'm up for it,\" Mark shrugged. Johnny chuckled in response. \"Johnny?\" Denny solicited. \"Ask Peter,\" he smirked. \"Come on, Peter!\" \"Nah, I don't think so,\" Peter shook his head, adjusting his cufflinks and smoothing any wrinkles from his tuxedo. \"Please?\" Denny begged. \"No.\" \"Come on!\" Denny crouched and flapped his elbows at his sides. \"Cheep, cheep, cheep,\" he called out, supposedly imitating a chicken. Mark and Johnny joined in, surrounding Peter with their absurd bird calls. Their chatter didn't stop as Peter finally gave in and they all ran into the alley outside, hooting and calling the entire way. Making a note, Peter studied their behaviour, still cross-checking it against his memory banks, observing that it seemed to be anomalous. He had to admit, though, that the spontaneity of it was amusing, and he found himself smiling – actually excreting pungent pheromones from several sebaceous glands located over his eye – along with the hologram that represented him. These humans had forfeited substantial amounts of something they valued so highly, their money, for the garments they wore, and yet they were so willing to risk damage to the suits simply to make each other happy. \"Catch, Johnny!\" Denny called out, and ahead of him, still running, Johnny turned and caught the ball over his shoulder. \"Nice snag!\" Denny complimented. Slowing to a stop, Johnny whirled and tossed the football in a high, overhand arc. Calculating the projectile's trajectory and speed, Peter adjusted the hologram's position by a few microns and held up both hands to provide the best probability of catching the ball. It landed in his hands easily. \"Alright Peter!\" Denny cheered, apparently committed to providing an inane running commentary. Peter performed a few more calculations using the massive, orbiting supercomputers his brain was currently attached to, and found that an underhand throw, while sacrificing distance, would provide greater control. The three other humans were only a few feet away, eliminating the necessity for distance. He tossed the ball to Denny. Without missing a beat, Denny snatched the ball out of midair. \"Here we go, Mark!\" he announced, throwing the ball across the alley. God, I hate this guy. Denny crouched, lowering his center of gravity and trying to provide an enticing target. Mark obliged, hurling the football directly at his chest. Stumbling slightly from the force of the throw, Denny caught the ball and returned it instantly to Mark, calling out, \"Catch, Mark!\" as he did. Although the three humans hopped and dodged no matter where the football was relative to them, Peter stood perfectly still, not sure what advantage such constant motion could convey. The ball still clutched in his hands, Mark's eyes fell on Peter. \"Go,\" he commanded, motioning with one hand to indicate the area behind Peter, further back in the alley. He held the football up, preparing to throw. \"Go!\" Peter turned and ran, forgetting himself completely in the joy of the game. Wind flowing past the hologram, he sprinted, feeling a stronger sense of belonging than he ever had on his home-world of Xpsd'n. Lost in the moment, he didn't notice when his sensors told him to alter course, and the hologram's foot collided with a small stone. The holographic image could have easily passed through the object, but that may have been noticed, and the overrides took over, calculating exactly how the body Peter controlled should react. His limbs flailing, he fell to the pavement, almost face-planting. Wishing he could replay those last few moments, now over forever, Peter laid dejected on the concrete. Johnny, Denny and Mark came running over, worried about their friend. Seeing Peter wasn't injured, Denny grinned like an idiot. \"Gee, Peter, you're clumsy,\" he commented stupidly. \"That's it,\" Peter announced, pushing himself up off the ground, \"I'm done. Great idea, Denny.\" He groaned in an imitation of pain as Mark and Johnny grabbed his arms, helping him to his feet. Denny still grinned, oblivious to the insult, as the four men marched back inside. The night was clear, balmy, fresh, and a million other synonyms for pleasant that the humans might use. As Peter walked down the empty street, he was filled with warm hopes for Johnny and Lisa, despite his logical side telling him there was no way their relationship would work out, and the best case scenario was that they avoided the impending implosion. Some part of him, though, somehow believed, apparently through sheer stubbornness, that things would work out. The streetlight ahead of Peter flickered, throwing the sidewalk into strobing darkness, making the road in front of him seem to momentarily disappear before his eyes. That didn't seem right. His sensory detectors should have been strong enough to pick up an infrared visual, even in total darkness. He frowned, running a diagnostic on his optics. The street flickered again, disappearing completely to be replaced by a monitor telling him he had been disconnected. An image appeared on the screen, one of his superior officers. \"Oh, hi, Observer-237,\" his commander's inflated bladder buzzed. \"We've noticed you've been having some anomalous hormone profiles lately.\" \"I can't afford to have my mission interrupted now,\" Peter shot back. \"I'm at a crucial juncture.\" The commander paused. \"Then it is as we feared,\" she burbled. \"You have grown too close to the humans to be objective.\" \"Have you not read my reports? My objectivity towards the humans cannot be questioned.\" \"Observer-237, even your self-analysis does not seem to be objective.\" \"I am perfectly capable of fulfilling my mission!\" Peter graulphed. \"I am sorry,\" the commander mogged dispassionately. \"We are forced to re-assign you, Observer-237.\" \"My name,\" he hissed, \"Is Peter.\"[Chapter 17] The coffee shop was as busy inside as the street outside, the muffled sounds of cars whizzing by overpowered by the chatter of a long line of customers, each eager for an afternoon snack and coffee to get them over the late afternoon slump. \"I'll have a large peanut butter cup,\" a young woman in a black tank top said after briefly hemming and hawing. \"With extra whipped cream, please.\" It took all her willpower not to scratch the small of her back, where her tight shirt was already rubbing off small, colourful scabs. The lingering itchiness – not to mention the initial agony of the tattoo needle carving patterns in her skin – were totally worth it though. Soon it would heal and she could show her boyfriend the design, a symbol of her love for him. She had resisted the urge to get his name. It was tacky, she thought, and seemed too much like a branding. Instead, she had gotten an image of Lotta's fountain, where they had met, surrounded by daisies like the one he had jokingly offered her from her own garden on their first date. The flower had grown into a private in-joke between them, and every bouquet of daisies he gave her made her laugh. \"Alright,\" the man with her, clad in a soft, brown leather jacket, nodded, \"And I'll take some cheesecake and a coffee.\" The man wondered how slowly he could make the food and drink last. He couldn't take that long – it would seem odd if he let the coffee grow cold even as he sipped it. But he needed to kill at least an hour. From the last text he'd gotten, his best friend was just now picking up the huge supply of daisies he'd ordered. It would take him at least half an hour to let himself into the apartment the couple shared and start bringing the hundreds of flowers upstairs. By the time the couple returned, there would be daisies strewn across every surface of their small home, the perfect setting in which to propose. \"Alright, why don't you guys take a seat,\" the store's manager offered. \"We'll have that right out for you.\" The couple walked away, already having mentally selected a small table next to the window. Another couple standing behind them approached the counter. \"Hi,\" the barista at the till, Susan, a woman with curly red hair, chirped. \"How ya doin'? What would you like?\" The man didn't even get off his cell phone, only turning an eighth of his attention to the barista. \"Can I get a bagel with a peanut butter cup?\" he asked. \"Keep acting completely normal,\" the digitally disguised voice on the phone commanded after the man had repeated the food order that he'd been given, word for word. \"You will be given further instructions soon. Do anything to attract any attention and your daughter dies.\" The man tried to shake off the sinking feeling he got from the words on the other end of the line. An hour ago, when he'd first gotten the call, he'd panicked. Now, despite his fear, he was beginning to accept the feeling. He had to. If he wasn't calm, if he couldn't cope… No. That was unthinkable. He had to be strong. He had to save his little girl. \"Great,\" Susan smiled, \"Sure!\" \"I'm going to get a slice of cheesecake and a bottle of water,\" the woman with him requested, her hair tied back in a long, flowing ponytail. She wasn't sure why the man next to her was so important to the plan. She didn't even know what the plan was, really. She only knew her part. Keep him in line. Monitor him. Make sure he couldn't sneak a message or communicate his distress to anyone. Years spent organising coups in South America, the woman thought with amusement, and all along the real money was in babysitting . \"Yeah, sounds good,\" the store manager nodded. \"Why don't you take a seat and we'll have that right out for you.\" \"Oh, hi, Susan,\" Johnny said as he strolled up to the counter, a folder in hand, Mark just behind him. \"Well, hi, Johnny,\" Susan greeted him. \"How are ya? Good to see ya. What would you like?\" \"Hot chocolate, please,\" Johnny requested. \"What size you having?\" the store manager asked. Johnny shook the long hair out of his eyes. \"Medium.\" \"How 'bout you?\" Susan asked, turning to Mark. \"I'll have a mint tea,\" Mark smiled. \"Medium also?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Go sit down,\" Susan said, she and her co-worker finally leaving the till to start preparing some of the orders. \"We'll be right there.\" Johnny and Mark turned and found a seat, right between the two couples who had been in line ahead of them. \"I'm so tired of girls' games,\" Mark sighed. His face full of concern, Johnny delicately laid the folder on the table in front of him. \"What happened now, Mark?\" Mark shook his head. \"Relationships never work, you know?\" he started. \"Why waste my time?\" \"What makes you say that?\" His blue eyes downcast, Mark studied the table. \"It's not that easy, Johnny,\" he replied, not really answering his best friend's question. \"Well, you should be happy, Mark,\" Johnny urged. \"Yeah, I know,\" he conceded, rolling his eyes. \"Life is too short.\" Just then, their conversation was interrupted by two paper cups, decorated with a cow-hide pattern, placed on the table in front of them. The warm scent of chocolate, mingled with peppermint from the tea, swirled up out of the two cups enticingly. \"Oh, thank you, Susan,\" Johnny said gratefully. \"You're welcome,\" Susan nearly sang. \"How 'bout somethin' like cheesecake?\" she suggested. \"Nah,\" Johnny declined. \"Not today,\" Mark added. \"It's real good,\" Susan tempted before leaving. Mark and Johnny both took deep drinks from their cups, ignoring the heat. \"How was work today?\" Mark asked. \"Oh, pretty good,\" Johnny nodded. \"We got a new client at the bank. We'll make a lot of money.\" The words client and money made Mark's ears perk, and he practically stood at attention. He'd just gotten Donahue to start paying attention to his suspicions, and now Johnny was practically gift-wrapping a new lead. \"What client?\" he asked, hoping his eagerness could be mistaken for casual curiosity, and knowing it wasn't. \"I cannot tell you,\" Johnny shot. \"It's confidential.\" If Johnny were merely a humble banker as he claimed, Mark considered, he would have good reason not to give out the names of clients. Mark knew he wouldn't get a name, but he hoped to get some kind of reaction. It was a long shot – Johnny had gone under the radar for this long, and obviously wouldn't be easy to unnerve. \"Aw, come on,\" Mark tried again. \"Why not?\" \"No, I can't,\" Johnny told him, taking another sip of hot chocolate. \"Anyway, how is your sex life?\" Shrugging, Mark pursed his lips. \"Can't talk about it,\" he said with a teasing smile. \"Why not?\" Susan placed the bill on the table between the two men before telling them, \"Take your time.\" \"Oh, God, I have to run,\" Johnny excused himself, checking his watch. He drained the rest of the hot chocolate and gathered up the folder in front of him. \"Already?\" Mark asked, confused. Was this the reaction he'd hoped for? Should he follow Johnny? \"Yeah, I'm sorry.\" \"Alright,\" Mark said, grabbing the bill, \"It's on me.\" \"Yeah, see you.\" Johnny rose to his feet. \"See you, Mark.\" He held up his hand. \"Are you going jogging?\" Mark asked as their palms clapped together in a gesture somewhere between a high five and a hand shake. \"Golden Gate Park?\" \"Yeah, sure,\" Johnny agreed. \"What time?\" \"Golden Gate Park,\" Mark said again as he and Johnny gave each other props. \"Six thirty. Alright?\" \"Okey-dokey,\" Johnny answered as he picked up his empty paper cup and left. Their hands clasped tightly together, Lisa led Mark up the spiral staircase, into the bedroom. She turned around to face him, guiding his hands onto her hips. \"What's going on here?\" Mark demanded. Lisa smiled seductively. \"I like you very much, Mark,\" she told him, running a hand over his chest, feeling the bulge of his muscles. \"Come on,\" Mark censured her, \"Johnny's my best friend.\" \"Just one more time,\" Lisa pleaded, pressing closer. Her green eyes looked up at Mark, sparkling in the candlelight. Her hands worked their way under his shirt, caressing his abs as they tugged at the material. Finally, Mark acquiesced by raising his arms above his head, allowing Lisa to lift his shirt and cast it off, onto the couch, exposing his bare chest. Her warm hand held the back of his neck, pulling him closer as they kissed. All his resolve, all his will, all his protestations disappeared as Lisa giggled and pushed Mark onto the bed she shared with her future husband. Hungrily, she crawled onto the bed after him, lying beside him and stroking his wrist. Mark's fingers worked their way through her hair, bunching the soft locks in his hand. Lisa guided his hand down from her head, to her neck, to her shoulder, and finally to the meager strap of her black dress. As Mark pulled the strap away, Lisa wriggled out of the material, sitting up to let it fall from her body. Free from the dress, Lisa embraced Mark. They pressed together, tangled in each other and the deep crimson sheets of Johnny and Lisa's bed, murmuring to each other as they got as close as two people can be. As he drove through Golden Gate Park, Johnny saw Mark, sitting against a tree. He pulled his small white car into a vacant spot next to his best friend and got out. \"Hey,\" he greeted Mark brightly. \"Hey, Johnny, how's it going?\" Mark rose to his feet. He reached out and slapped hands with Johnny, his bare skin against Johnny's work-out glove, as they strolled off together towards one of the large green expanses of the park. With a flick of his wrist, Mark threw the football in his hands to Johnny, who caught it as he began running. Matching his speed, Mark asked, \"What's going on, Johnny?\" Johnny tossed the ball back as they jogged slightly apart, the distance between them growing with each step. \"Not much,\" he replied, returning the football. Their words were tossed back and forth to match the ball as they jogged around the park. After a few minutes, they settled on a spot, standing about ten yards apart as they played catch. The football spiralled in the air between them in graceful arcs. Finally, Johnny tossed the football at Mark and then came hurtling after it. He tackled his best friend and they tumbled to the ground. The ball was knocked out of Mark's hands as he and Johnny wrestled in the grass, laughed as they each tried to pin the other.[Chapter 18] The broom hissed against the floor, clearing the dust from the hardwood, until the doorbell rang. \"Who is it?\" Lisa called out, the long yellow handle of the broom bright against the deep red of her shirt. \"Delivery, man,\" came the response from the other side of the door. Lisa scrunched up her face. She wasn't expecting any kind of delivery, and couldn't remember her future husband ordering anything recently. She finally recognised the voice as Mark's, as he added, \"It's me, Lisa. Come on, open up.\" Crimson with lipstick, Lisa's lips opened in a wide smile. \"Come on in,\" she invited, still clutching the broom. Hey eyes lit up as Mark did as she asked, his muscular frame covered in a snug-fitting sweater. \"Hey, Mark,\" she said bewitchingly. Ignoring the tone of her voice, Mark stalked around the room, inspecting the small space and dropping a small grocery bag on the coffee table. \"Wow, so, uh, you gonna be ready?\" he asked as he looked around the room. \"How do you mean that?\" Lisa asked perplexingly. \"I'm always ready,\" she flirted, smirking. \"For you,\" she clarified, just in case Mark didn't get it. \"I mean for the party,\" Mark replied with a laugh. \"We have plenty of time. All I have to do is put on my…\" She paused, letting the suspense build. \"Party dress.\" Flippantly, she cast the broom into the corner and pulled off her blood-coloured top, exposing the bra, black as her heart, beneath. \"Wait, wait, wait,\" Mark stopped her, confused, \"What are you doing?\" \"Nothing,\" Lisa answered, rolling Mark's sweater up to reveal his abs. Raising his arms, Mark obliged, letting her strip the shirt off. She giggled as it nearly got stuck on his head, and they tumbled to the sofa together as it wrapped around his arm. Now topless, Mark pulled Lisa into his lap. \"You're so beautiful,\" he cooed. He ran his fingers through her soft blonde hair, inadvertently hitting her dangling, golden earring. The jewellery, a present from her future husband, swayed back and forth, catching his eye and reminding him of his crimes, but there was no way he could stop now. He'd already gone too far. Their lips found each other, and they locked, lost in the sensation, the taste of each other. Mark didn't know how long the kiss went on, but when they parted, all thoughts of his best friend were gone. All he could see was Lisa. There was a sudden knock at the door. Heavy and insistent, it was powerful enough to make the hinges rattle. With a gasp, Lisa sprang off the couch, away from Mark. Frantically disentangling the sweater enveloping his arm, Mark stood as Lisa snatched her shirt from the sofa. \"Hurry up,\" she directed as she tried to get her shirt right side out. \"I have to open the door.\" \"Wait, hang on, hang on,\" Mark told her, still battling with his shirt. Watching him, Lisa giggled as she pulled her shirt on over her head. She took a moment to smooth the wrinkles before calling out, \"Come on in, it's open.\" Mark's face went white as he managed to work one arm into one sleeve. His chest was still bare and the door was already swinging open. Time seemed to stand still, the door seemed to move in slow motion as Mark redoubled his efforts to cover up. Did Lisa want to get caught? he wondered. Was this how she planned to get out of her impending marriage to her future husband? If that was the case, this was certainly the most dramatic way to go about it, opening cheating on Johnny on his birthday. But, Mark thought, Lisa doesn't know how dangerous an idea this is if my suspicions about her future husband are correct. He just managed to pull the neck of the sweater over his head as the door opened all the way. Although he was covered, he knew anyone coming in would know he had just finished getting dressed. Luckily, it was Michelle who was standing in the open doorway. She gave a little gasp and then grinned wickedly as Mark hurriedly tried to neaten his hair. \"Hi!\" Michelle chirped brightly. She held out a gift bag printed with large, red flowers. \"I brought the stuff.\" \"I knew I could count on you,\" Lisa giggled. Grinning, Michelle turned to Mark. \"Hi, Mark,\" she greeted him. Her eyes flashed downwards. \"XYZ.\" \"What are you talking about?\" Mark asked with a faint smile of confusion. \"Examine Your Zipper,\" she explained, giggling. Lisa burst into helpless laughter in response as Mark looked down, seeing where Lisa had left his pants unzipped. Blushing, he fixed his fly. \"You guys are too much,\" Michelle shook her head. \"So, what can I do to help?\" she offered, holding up the bag she had brought. Still embarrassed, Mark only laughed. \"I gotta go,\" he excused himself. As Michelle and Lisa kept snorting with laughter, he headed for the door, quickly exiting the small condo. Lisa and Michelle fell onto the sofa, giggling. It took them a few moments to recover. \"Come on and help me move the coffee table,\" Lisa finally said to her friend. \"Okay.\" They stood. \"What was he doing here?\" \"Uh, he just brought by some take-out,\" Lisa answered. \"What about his zipper?\" Michelle pressed as they paced towards either end of the coffee table. \"What about his zipper?\" Lisa echoed, leaning down to grab the two corners nearest her. Together they managed to slide the small table back into place next to the sofa. \"Leave him alone. He's a good guy.\" \"Did you tell Johnny yet?\" Michelle asked, bringing up her friend's unfaithfulness to her future husband with a huge grin. \"No,\" Lisa sighed, her eyes filled with sorrow. \"Mark's his best friend.\" \"Tricky, tricky.\" Lisa accepted the bowl Michelle produced from her bag and put it on the coffee table. \"You know, I really loved Johnny at first,\" she said wistfully, sitting down. \"Everything's changed. I need more from life than what Johnny can give me,\" she continued. \"Suddenly my eyes are wide open and I can see everything so clearly. I want it all.\" With a short guffaw, Michelle looked at her friend, surprised she wasn't satisfied by the tiny condo she shared with a future husband that was about twice her age. \"You think you can get it all from Mark?\" \"If he can't give me what I want,\" Lisa scrunched up her face, \"Someone else will.\" \"Lisa,\" Michelle chastised, taking a seat next to her friend, \"You're sounding just like your mother. You're being so manipulative,\" she grinned. \"So what?\" Lisa shot. \"You can learn something from me. You have to take as much as you can. You have to live, live, live.\" With a joyous wriggle of her shoulders, Lisa let out another wicked giggle. \"Don't worry about me. I have everything covered.\" \"Your point of view is so different from mine,\" Michelle pointed out without emotion. \"Look, I don't want to talk about it,\" Lisa told her. She stood, grabbing the broom. \"People are going to be getting here soon, and we have to finish.\" \"Lisa…\" Michelle groaned. \"I don't see what the big deal is,\" Lisa cut her off, unpacking the brown paper grocery bag Mark had left. \"Doesn't everybody look out for number one?\" She continued throwing food onto the coffee table. \"Don't I deserve the best?\" Watching her friend in horror, Michelle scoffed. \"I couldn't do that.\" She shook her head, laughing uncomfortably. \"You're too much for me, Lisa.\" \"You know, you're not such an angel yourself,\" Lisa smirked, pointing an accusing finger down at Michelle. \"Yeah, but we're not talking about me,\" she retorted, picking up a pillow, \"Are we?\" With a giggle, she swung the pillow into Lisa's knee. Shrieking with laughter, Lisa dodged away, shielding herself from the onslaught. \"Stop it!\" she laughed, using the broom to swat the pillow away. The two friends both cackled with merriment as they battled. \"Are you trying to ruin my party?\" Their sneaker-shod feet throwing up clouds of dirt and clumps of leaves and twigs, Johnny and Mark jogged side by side through Golden Gate Park. \"Yeah, that's the idea,\" Johnny was commenting as he ran. With a surge of energy, Mark bolted forward, slowly gaining a lead on his best friend. \"Catch me, come on,\" he urged as he thundered forward, wind blowing through his hair. In response, Johnny's legs and arms pumped harder, cutting through the air with renewed vigour. He chuckled as they raced along the path, surrounded and shaded by tall trees. As they dashed up a few sets of stairs cut into the side of a hill, Mark told Johnny about his plans to buy a house, asking between gasps for air what interest rates to expect on a mortgage. The friends panted, setting up an appointment to discuss Mark's finances further. Later they returned to the apartment building. The brakes of Johnny's boxy white car squealed as he pulled into his driveway and parked. Denny slipped the thin chain from around his neck, freeing the key which he always wore under his shirt. It was the only copy of the key that existed, and he kept it hidden against his chest, where he could always feel it, at all times. Kneeling in front of the open closet, he pushed a pile of laundry out of the way to reveal a locked metal cabinet. He unlocked the door and let it swing open with a shriek. Behind the door, sitting in the small rectangular space, was a styrofoam head and neck on a pedestal next to a hairbrush. On top of the head sat a long, black, stringy wig. Denny grabbed the hairbrush and lovingly combed it through the wig, keeping the hairpiece perfectly maintained. After a few minutes, he carefully, reverently picked up the wig and placed it on his head, smoothing it out against his scalp. Still adjusting the hair, making sure it looked like it was his own, Denny stood and stalked over to the full-length mirror standing in his bedroom. He stared himself, admiring his image in the mirror. \"Would you fuck me?\" he asked his reflection, imitating Johnny's impenetrable accent. \"I'd fuck me.\"[Chapter 19] The next morning, Johnny was still eating breakfast as he was leaving for work. \"Bye, Lisa,\" he said through a mouthful of bagel as he knelt to kiss his future wife's cheek. Sitting with her coffee, wearing the same clothes she wore the day before, Lisa tilted her head to receive the kiss, but her eyes watched her future husband with loathing as he headed for the door. He opened it to leave and his face brightened. \"Oh, hi, Claudette.\" \"Ah!\" she replied. Holding the bagel in his hand away to prevent any crumbs from landing on her pantsuit, Johnny embraced his future wife's mother in a hug. \"Bye.\" \"Ah,\" Claudette replied. As she waved good-bye at her daughter's future husband's retreating back, Johnny pulled the door shut behind him. \"Hello, mom,\" Lisa said, watching her mother trot inside. \"How are you?\" \"I'm okay,\" Claudette replied, cupping her daughter's chin in her hand as she passed behind her chair. \"How are you?\" \"I'm fixing the apartment for Johnny's birthday,\" Lisa started listlessly as her mother sat down in the chair next to hers, \"But I'm really not into it.\" \"Oh, why not?\" Claudette asked, disappointed. Annoyed, Lisa fixed her mother with a frustrated expression. \"Because I'm in love with Mark,\" she reminded her mother. \"Not Johnny.\" Claudette rolled her eyes at her daughter's continued insistence that she was uninterested in her future husband. \"And here I am planning his party.\" \"It's not right, Lisa,\" her mother scolded. \"I still think you should marry Johnny. Now you can't live on love,\" she continued, telling her daughter the only way for a woman to survive was to be supported by a man and ignoring hard-won rights that women had to fight for decades to have. \"You need financial security.\" \"But I'm not happy,\" Lisa shot back. Her mother scoffed and rolled her eyes again, seriously preferring that her daughter be miserable than work for a living. \"He still thinks I'm going to marry him next month. He's a fool.\" Slamming her mug down on the coffee table, Lisa stood to walk away. \"You expect to be happy?\" Claudette demanded as her daughter grabbed the broom propped up against the wall. \"I haven't been happy since…\" She trailed off, trying to remember. \"Since I married my first husband.\" Oh, hi, audience! This is your humble narrator. Appy polly loggies for being so unprofessional as to interrupt, since I have been trying – and rather failing, as you noticed – to not editorialise, but this really bothers me. So, Johnny's supposed to be great and perfect in every way, right? We're supposed to hate Lisa for cheating on him, not just because it's awful, but because she's betraying Saint Johnny, yeah? Presumably we're also supposed to think the moral course of action for Lisa is to stop sleeping with Mark and marry Johnny, despite the fact that she'd be unhappy for the rest of her life. I mean, that is what Tommy Wiseau is saying here, right? That women can either have happiness or not be impoverished, and that's the way it should be? That once a dude has bought you stuff, it doesn't matter what you do or if you enjoy being around him, he has now earned you? You could say that Claudette is supposed to be the stereotypical gold-digger, and she's meant as this example of a really wrong view of marriage, but the thing is, we are supposed to feel that Lisa is beholden to Johnny because he's given her things and because he's in love with her. Basically, she no longer has complete control over her situation because she owes Johnny her love. That's not even subtext, it's regular friggin' text! This fucked-up, toxic bullshit is starting to make me feel physically ill, but at least I no longer feel bad for making fun of this utter failure of a magnum opus, or the twisted fuck who wrote it. Also, have you noticed that Lisa's in her early twenties – the actress was twenty-two at the time – and Claudette says they've been dating for over five years? (Edit: towards the end, Johnny clarifies that it's seven years.) Think about it. Anyways, back to your scheduled programming. \"I didn't even want to marry your father,\" Claudette confided. Lisa nearly dropped her broom. \"You never told me that,\" she gaped. \"Well, it's true,\" Claudette told her. \"All men are assholes. Men and women use and abuse each other all the time. There's nothing wrong with it. Marriage has nothing to do with love.\" \"Johnny's okay,\" Lisa conceded, ready to be a shameless gold-digger thanks to that inspiring pep talk. \"I suppose. Actually,\" she smirked, \"I have him wrapped around my little finger.\" \"Well, you should be happy then,\" Claudette shrugged, the shrivelled, black piece of shit in her chest that she called her heart dancing with joy. \"But I don't love him!\" Lisa spat, failing to absorb the thesis statement of her mother's life and this movie. Scoffing, Claudette stood, getting inches from her daughter's face. \"Don't throw your life away just because you don't love him,\" she told Lisa. \"That's ridiculous! You need to grow up and you need to listen to me.\" \"Okay, mom,\" Lisa agreed, more to end the conversation than anything else. \"I'll see you at the party.\" Seeing the sad look in her daughter's eyes, Claudette scoffed, knowing Lisa was not going to take her advice. \"I just need to be alone right now.\" With a nod, Claudette kissed the tip of her finger, tapping it to her daughter's nose in her usual way of saying goodbye. Lisa scrunched up her face in response. \"Bye bye, my precious,\" she hissed as she turned and walked away.[Chapter 20] Mark leaned out over the edge of the roof, gazing down at the alley below, but not really seeing it. Johnny's birthday that night promised to be a festive event, but Mark wasn't sure he would be able to enjoy it. Donahue had been briefly interested in his unofficial investigation when Mark had identified Chris-R, but that had died down as the drug dealer's background was investigated and no connection to Johnny was found. It was all just coincidence, Donahue had said. Of course, he still had yet to come up with an explanation for Chris-R's bail money. And now Mark had to spend the evening in the lion's den, at a party celebrating the life of the man he was sure had killed his partner, all while knowing the investigation had stalled again. All while pretending he was enjoying himself. He gritted his teeth. He had to put on a good show. Being at this party would edge him ever closer to Johnny, and who knew how close he'd have to be to find the evidence he knew was there. As he shifted position, the comforting weight of his Glock 22 pressed against his side. A long, sleek black car pulled to a stop in the alley below. Finally dragged out of his chain of thought, Mark watched as the driver got out, walking around the vehicle to hold open the passenger door. As Lisa slipped out a side door of the apartment building, taking three steps to cross the space between her and the car, and ducked inside, Mark's eyebrows knitted in confusion. He didn't recognize the car or its driver, and something about the authoritative way she nodded at the driver seemed strange. A quick check of his watch confirmed that Lisa should have been home, preparing for Johnny's birthday. What could be so important that she'd have to leave now? Mark wondered. Something – instinct, maybe – told Mark he had to know what was happening, and he ran to the other side of the building, vaulting over the small wall to land on the fire escape. The metal rattled and thundered with his footsteps as he raced to the bottom, not bothering to extend the ladder as he fell for the final storey, dropping to the pavement. Around the corner he could hear the car's engine starting, and he sprinted to the apartment building's small parking lot. As he threw himself into his own car and jammed the key into the ignition, the black car zoomed by, heading down the alley and into the street. Mark twisted the key and the engine roared to life, but despite its eager sound, Mark pulled out slowly, keeping a careful distance from the black car. Three cars back , he thought to himself as he reached the street where Lisa's conveyance had taken a right and let a minivan and a truck pass. He slid out into the traffic, watching the black car in short, stolen glances as they moved down the street. For a while, keeping his distance was easy. The traffic gave Mark camouflage, places to hide. But after a few miles, the traffic began to thin. The sparse flow of cars gave Mark fewer options, and he worried that his persistent presence would become noticeable. As he realised they were heading to the outskirts of the city, he backed off, keeping long stretches of roads between him and his prey, rather than vehicles. Eventually, the sleek car whipped into the parking lot of an old warehouse. From his position nearly two-hundred yards back, Mark could see the glint of sun off the jet-black exterior as it turned. He slowed, pulling to the side of the road where he'd be less noticeable, and got out. Keeping his body low, he jogged towards the warehouse, his gut telling him he didn't want to be noticed by Lisa or whoever she was there to meet. When he reached the warehouse, the black car was empty, its driver gone along with Lisa. Crouched behind the vehicle, Mark eyed the windows lining the warehouse warily. There was no way across the vast expanse of the parking lot without being seen if anyone bothered to look outside. Deciding there was no other way in, he dashed across the pavement, the full force of the sun illuminating him for all to see. Breathing a sigh of relief, Mark flattened his back against the wall of the warehouse next to a wide set of double doors. He reached out for the door's handle, his palms sweaty as he edged closer. His hand wrapped around the rusted, metal handle and he pulled. The door opened a crack with a squeal. Moving slowly, Mark inched the door open, not wanting to make a sound. When it was just wide enough that he thought he could slip through, Mark felt something hard and unyielding press into the back of his head. \"Get up,\" a gruff male voice commanded from behind him. \"Put your hands up.\" Mark did as the voice said, turning as he did to see his attacker, a short man with his head shaved bald. This earned him a smack across the face as the butt of the man's rifle rammed into his chin. Behind him, Mark could hear the door slam shut. \"Did I tell you to turn around?\" the man demanded. Mark stayed silent. \"What are you doing here?\" \"I'm meeting a friend here,\" Mark lied. \"She told me she needed a ride home.\" \"Oh, yeah? Who's this friend?\" the man asked with a smirk. \"Lisa.\" The man sputtered for a moment, before declaring, \"Bullshit!\" \"It's true,\" Mark nodded. \"You can go ask her. She's inside right now.\" The smirk told Mark the man wasn't buying it, but the fact that it didn't reach his eyes said that the man didn't want to face the consequences if it was true. \"Yeah, well,\" he muttered, \"We'll see about that. Turn around.\" Still keeping his hands above his head, Mark turned. He was sure he had bought his entrance until a hand patted his sides. \"I'll take that,\" the man said triumphantly, as he unholstered Mark's Glock and shoved it in the back of his pants. \"Now get moving.\" Using his hip to push open the door, Mark stepped inside. For a moment he hesitated, blinded to the dim light in the warehouse by the glaring sunlight outside. The barrel of the gun roughly poked into his back. \"Get moving,\" the man repeated. Mark inched forward, squinting as his eyes adjusted. The warehouse was packed so full it had been turned into a labyrinth of huge blocks that appeared to have been shrink-wrapped. The contents were white. Cocaine , Mark realised with a start. They passed into a long canyon between two stacks of blocks. Ahead of them, Mark heard voices. He stepped out from the passageway into a well-lit clearing, where four people stood in a semicircle. Three of them, men, held assault rifles like the one urging Mark onward. The fourth one was unarmed, but gestured and spoke with a commanding presence. It took Mark only a split second to realise, his eyes widening, that it was Lisa. \"Oh, hi, Lisa,\" he said with sarcastic cheer as he stepped into the circle. Her eyes wide, a scowl twisted Lisa's face. \"What are you doing here?\" she demanded, before rounding on the man behind Mark. \"What is he doing here?\" \"I found this little asshole sneaking around outside,\" the man answered, pulling out Mark's weapon and holding it out to Lisa. \"He was carrying this.\" Taking the gun, Lisa studied it and gave a little smirk. \"Glock 22,\" she observed, \"Standard issue for the San Francisco PD.\" She focused on Mark. \"So, how long have the police been watching me?\" \"Months,\" Mark lied. \"They've just been waiting for you to slip up.\" At Lisa's raised eyebrow, he added, \"They know where I am.\" \"That's funny, because I check out everyone who lives in the building,\" Lisa smirked. \"I know you're not a cop. Or at least, not right now. What was the phrase that was in your file? Indefinite suspension?\" \"That's just a cover story,\" Mark told her. \"If it were, it would be the laziest one I've ever heard.\" Crossing her arms, Lisa paced in front of him. \"So, you're conducting your own little investigation here,\" she thought out loud, \"Which means you've been hiding in plain sight for almost a year. But then, why would you suddenly blow your cover? You're not that clumsy. Unless…\" Lisa broke into a wide grin. \"Unless you had no idea what I was doing here. You've been watching Johnny, not me.\" \"Oh, I've been watching you,\" Mark shot. \"You think I haven't? I may be suspended, but I still know people with connections, people who trust me. They've got a whole file on you back at the station.\" \"Aw, Mark,\" Lisa pouted with faux sympathy. \"Don't feel bad for not getting it. After all, I'm just the naïve young trophy wife of a much older man with a mysterious past and Eastern European accent. That fool Johnny is the perfect cover, really.\" \"You devious little bitch.\" \"Careful, Mark,\" Lisa warned him, aiming his own Glock at his chest. Around her, the three assault rifles of her lackeys raised in response, all pointing at Mark. \"This is really the wrong time to insult me.\" Confused, unable to process what he'd just learned, Mark latched on to one thought. \"You told me you love me,\" he protested. Lisa threw her head back in a cruel laugh. \"Man,\" one of the men behind Lisa interjected, \"She says that to every guy she bangs.\" His words were punctuated by the thunder of Mark's Glock as Lisa whirled around and fired. The man's head snapped back as the buried itself between his eyes. His every muscle tensed, and his rifle sent a spray of bullets arcing into the ceiling. Using the shock and sound as his opportunity, Mark sidestepped as he turned, grabbing the barrel of the gun behind him and ramming it into the bald man's stomach. As the man doubled over, the wind knocked out of him, Mark yanked the weapon out of his hands and brought the butt crashing down into the back of the man's head. He had time to see red welling up in the dent he'd left behind before he dashed away, disappearing into the maze of cocaine. Bullets slammed into the blocks behind him as Mark raced around a corner and out of range. Cocaine began to pour in a fountain through the shredded plastic as he took a right, then a left, then another left, losing himself in the maze. \"What are you doing?\" Lisa's voice was screaming behind him, echoing off the warehouse walls. \"Find him!\" Panting more from fear than exertion, Mark's feet pounded across the cement floor, trying to put as much distance as he could between himself and the sounds of dual footsteps behind him. He wedged himself through a particularly tight gap between two of the enormous packages of cocaine and then slowed, stalking quietly, his ears pinpointing the position of the two other men as he started in a wide circle, planning to double back around his pursuers. The large, clumsy men were easy enough to hear. Their heavy footfalls and loud, argumentative voices guaranteed that. As they kept rampaging through the maze of narcotics, Mark carefully edged around them, putting himself between the clearing in the center and the men attempting to track him. Suddenly, a new sound split the air, the singing of struck metal, the same sound Mark had heard earlier, hurtling down the fire escape. He looked up to see a catwalk directly above him, and Lisa trotting across it in stiletto shoes, most of her legs visible under her dress from Mark's vantage point. Her eyes scanned the warehouse below her, until they fell on Mark's gaping face. \"Oh, hi, Mark,\" she smirked with a little wave, leaning over the catwalk's railing, before calling out to her subordinates, \"He's over here!\" She aimed Mark's gun downward, and he had just enough time to throw himself to the floor before he heard the deafening report of the Glock at almost the same time as a thud where his head had just been. There was a soft hiss, and a steady stream of white power hit the back of Mark's head. He sprang to his feet and raced away before Lisa could fire another shot, shaking his head vigorously to dislodge the cocaine that had settled in his hair. \"This way!\" yelled a deep, male voice, before another added, \"Get on either side of him!\" From their volume and words, Mark realised that they were on the other side of the house-sized slab of cocaine to his right, and they were coming around on either side. Spotting a niche to his left, just big enough to lodge his body into, he froze. He heard rapid footfalls behind him first, and whirled to see a tall, muscular man emerge from around the corner, his assault rifle raised and ready. Waiting just long enough for the man to spot him, his trigger finger tensing as he grinned in triumph, Mark threw himself into the small alcove just as bullets ripped through the air, turning the narrow corridor into a death trap at the same moment that the other pursuer materialized. A spray of red and white bloomed through the air in a sick cloud as blood and cocaine fell to the ground, mixing in a pink pool. The gunfire abruptly stopped, and Mark burst out of his hiding spot and peppered the first man, his face aghast in shock as his co-worker bled out on the cement, with lead. \"Did you get him?\" Lisa's voice called out. \"Is he dead?\" Staying silent, his mouth set in a grim line, Mark ducked between pallets of drugs, keeping himself invisible from the catwalk. He wound his way through the warehouse, ignoring Lisa's demands for an update as he searched for the stairs he'd heard her climbing a few minutes ago. He bent in a half-crouch, his body low and his feet quiet as he found the stairs and climbed. Lisa was still frantically scanning the area below her for any signs of Mark or her men as he closed the gap between them. \"Give it up, Lisa,\" he told her as he pointed his weapon at her. \"It's over.\" Her back stiffened. \"What are you gonna do?\" she taunted. \"Shoot me?\" \"I will.\" \"I doubt that.\" There was a flash of silver as Lisa whirled around, aiming the Glock clutched in her delicate hands at Mark. She giggled as they kept their guns trained on each other. \"See? I knew you couldn't do it.\" \"You're not getting out of here, Lisa. Not on your own terms,\" Mark maintained, although he was regretting not firing when he'd had a chance. \"Is that so?\" Lisa asked, tilting her head in mock curiosity as she stalked forward. \"Because I, for one, would be willing to let this slide. We've had so much fun together.\" \"Keep back,\" Mark warned as she kept moving forward. \"And I just happened to have a couple jobs open up,\" Lisa continued, before asking, conversationally, \"How's the employment insurance holding up?\" \"I'm warning you…\" \"Sure you are.\" Lisa shoved the barrel of Mark's rifle away at the same time as the hand holding the Glock lashed out, whipping the weapon into the side of Mark's head. His ears rang as he stumbled, grabbing for his gun, and managed to grab hold of Lisa's wrist. As long painted nails scratched at his face, Mark flung Lisa into the railing, trying to spin her around and pin her arms behind her back. The wrist in his grip flailed wildly, trying to get a bead on him, and he clasped his free hand around the gun. Forcing the barrel down and away from both him and Lisa, Mark squeezed her trigger finger, emptying round after round into one of the slabs of cocaine below. The gun no longer loaded, Mark loosened his grip in relief. Lisa took that opportunity to snatch her hand free and hit Mark with the Glock again, bringing the steel down into his back before ramming it into the back of his skull. The world suddenly swayed, his vision out of focus, and Mark teetered, leaning heavily on the railing for support. With all her strength, Lisa slammed both palms into Mark's chest, shoving him off balance. His arms flailed as he reached for something – anything – to grab onto and steady himself, and found Lisa's waist just as he fell backwards. Holding tight, Mark pulled Lisa with him as he tumbled off the catwalk, plummeting down. Their plunge was brought to a sudden stop as they crashed into the block of cocaine the Glock had been emptied into, just a few feet below. The force of their landing sent up a cloud of narcotics like dust off an old couch that has sat on for the first time in years. Starting to reorient himself just as the world seemed to slow down around him, Mark hopped into a crouch. Lisa kicked at him, trying to shove him away and climb down to the ground, but he grabbed her by both wrists and straddled her, pinning her on her back. Her eyes furious and wild, her pupils dilating, she gave one last thrash before she gave up, understanding that she was trapped – physically, at least. \"You know,\" she started, her voice a low, sultry whisper, \"I really do love you.\" His mind foggy, his breath ragged, Mark glared down at the blonde beneath him. \"I know,\" he answered, before leaning down and roughly kissing her, tasting her lipstick and the cocaine that had caked every inch of her smooth skin.[Chapter 21] The days were getting shorter, Johnny thought as he walked home from work, the afternoon sun already fading into a blue twilight, the streetlights already coming alive to light the sidewalks and streets of San Francisco. At the same time, Johnny's days were getting longer. Important clients at the bank, putting his ideas into practice, saving the bank a bunch of money, it all took so much more than a normal, nine-to-five workday to do. And no one had even mentioned his birthday yet, Johnny moped as he trudged back to his condo. Even the promise of Lisa, his future wife, waiting for him on the sofa, ready to make him feel beloved and special, was beginning to seem hollow. Some days, Johnny wasn't even sure she'd still be there when he opened the door. Johnny climbed the stairs outside to the condo and pushed open the door to see only blackness. His heart sank. This was the night. Lisa had already packed up and left, leaving the condo they had shared cold and empty. Then the lights clicked on. \"Surprise!\" came an excited, welcoming chorus of voices. A crowd of Johnny's friends stood in front of him, smiling and holding up drinks to toast him. Everyone was there, Mark, Denny, Claudette, Mike, Michelle… And at the head of the pack, his future wife Lisa, smiling with joy and wearing the little black dress he had bought her for her last birthday. She skipped up to her future husband, laying a warm hand on his arm, giggling. Johnny grinned back, overwhelmed by the outpouring of love. With a wave of her hands, Lisa conducted the group in a cheerful, off-key rendition of 'Happy Birthday to You.' The notes and chords flowing over him, Johnny waved, happily greeting everyone even as they sang. \"Thank you, alright,\" he told them as they finished up, starting to blush from all the attention. The thanks continued as Mark passed him a glass of champagne and they all toasted, standing in a huge clump, patting Johnny on the back and offering him hugs. Reaching across the group, Johnny made sure to clink glasses with everyone, letting no one go missed. At his right, Denny griped about his lack of champagne with which to toast. \"You want to drink this one?\" Johnny asked him, holding out his own glass teasingly before snatching it away and taking a sip. Denny mouthed silent protest, and Johnny promised him, \"Later.\" Later, the party was in full swing, and Denny had managed to steal unattended, half-full champagne flutes from other inattentive guests. The sweet liquid was stronger than he'd thought it would be, but the rush of confidence it gave him reminded him pleasantly of the small baggie of amphetamines waiting back in his apartment, carefully rationed out to last him the next few days. The other guests had split off into their own separate conversations, laughing and smiling with each other as they relaxed. Johnny sat next to Claudette on the couch, his future wife's mother gesturing as she spoke, while Lisa was giggling to Peter near one window. She wasn't consciously aware of it – no one at the party was – but 'Peter' looked completely different. The hologram was now controlled by a different observer, one who had been deemed more stable, more able to fulfil his mission, and he had slipped seamlessly into the life his predecessor had painstakingly set up. The only change was the pulses of energy he now emitted, scrambling the humans' brain waves, telling them that he was their close friend and they had always known him. From an isolated seat in the corner, Mark's eyes were drawn to Lisa. Everything about her was perfect tonight – the black dress, her crimson lips, the tangled curls of her blonde hair. Even the way she was laughing, joy seeming to bubble up from deep inside her and radiate into the space around her, was beautiful. Mark could barely stand it. Until her shadowed gaze fell upon him. Then he couldn't stand it at all, and motioned with his chin for her to come over. Lisa turned away, going back to her conversation with replacement Peter. It was only the briefest of glances, but it was long enough for Johnny to notice. The coffee table, covered with snacks at the beginning of the party, all arranged like a Martha Stewart photo shoot, was almost empty of almost everything but empty plates. What was still left was a messy jumble of chaos, picked over and disarrayed. One of the last, small slices of chocolate cake was sitting on a paper plate in Mike's hand. He stood next to Michelle, one arm slung across the mantle of Johnny and Lisa's fireplace, and held up the cake for her to see, raising his eyebrows and miming enthusiastically eating the delicacy. Michelle grinned, too brazen to blush, and scooped up a piece of icing in her fingers, feeding it to her boyfriend before licking the excess from her thumb. Mike was about to return the gesture when, behind his girlfriend, he saw Lisa approaching and hurriedly brought his hand to his own mouth. Quickly swallowing the piece of cake he'd intended for Michelle, he tried to put his arm back on the mantle nonchalantly. Finding it too high to make the motion appear casual, he changed tack and put his elbow on Michelle's shoulder instead. Seeing his whole charade, Lisa giggled. \"Hey, everybody,\" she called out, addressing everybody in the tiny living room, \"Let's go out for some fresh air.\" There were shrugs and scattered Yeah s throughout the room, and everyone quickly streamed out the door. In less than five seconds, the living room was almost totally deserted. As Mark followed the flow of people, about to go outside, the door slammed in front of him, pushed by a delicate, lithe hand. He followed the arm up to see Lisa, smiling sweetly as she blocked his path. Mark smiled at her, nervous and confused. \"Wait,\" she bade him. \"I have something I want to show you.\" \"Oh really?\" Mark asked, raising an eyebrow, pretty sure it was her tits. Lisa led him over to the couch, where he sat on one of the sheepskins that blanketed the sofa. A moment later, she fell into his lap, keeping her glass of champagne balanced even as she draped over Mark. Her soft fingers caressed the back of his neck. \"So,\" he started. \"What do you want to show me?\" \"It's a surprise,\" Lisa grinned as she set her wine glass aside. She put her hand, the wrist swathed in a glittering diamond bracelet from Johnny, on Mark's clean-shaven cheek and kissed him softly, gently, on the lips. The diamond engagement ring on her finger shining, Lisa's hand moved down, rubbing Mark's chest. Shifting to move away from her, Mark gaped in confusion at Lisa. \"What are you doing?\" he asked. \"I mean, are you crazy? Everybody's here.\" \"No they're not,\" Lisa giggled, shaking her head at Mark's fearfulness. Indicating the empty living room with her chin, she told him, \"They're all outside.\" Mark returned her laugh and let his head loll back, gazing at the ceiling. \"She-devil,\" he cursed her, \"You planned this all along.\" Marvelling, he reflected on the deviousness, the sheer cunning Lisa had needed to buy them this moment to be together, completely alone and secure. With a smile, he faced her again, returning her affections. Out of nowhere, the door opened and replacement Peter came in. \"What's going on here?\" he demanded. Caught off-guard and completely surprised by this development, Lisa and Mark sprang out of the couch and onto their feet. Mark blanched, but Lisa glared defensively. \"Why are you doing this?\" replacement Peter continued, his predecessor's far-too-detailed notes telling him he should be concerned. Searching the grain of the hardwood floor for answers, Mark stared down, chastened, but Lisa didn't flinch. \"I love him,\" she sneered, draping one arm across his chest. \"I don't believe it,\" replacement Peter retorted, his eyes burning with the fury his memory banks told him he should react with. Looking from Lisa to replacement Peter, bewitched by the pair of sparkling, pleading green eyes that stared up at him, Mark rounded on replacement Peter. \"You don't understand anything, man,\" he told the replacement psychologist calmly. Then, with a sudden burst of rage, added, \"Leave your stupid comments in your pocket!\" He pushed past the hologram, shoving him out of the way as he stormed out of the apartment and leaving Lisa and replacement Peter alone. Replacement Peter stalked forward, focused intently on Lisa. \"Do you understand what you're doing?\" he asked her. \"You're going to destroy Johnny. He's very sensitive.\" \"I don't care,\" Lisa pouted. \"I'm in love with Mark.\" Reacting with theatrical disgust, replacement Peter wrinkled his nose and raised his shoulders to his ears as he shook his head. \"How can you do this? You make me sick!\" There was a chuckle as the door opened and Johnny entered, following Michelle inside. He grinned at his future wife. \"Thank you honey, this is a beautiful party,\" he enthused. \"You invited all my friends,\" he continued, putting a loving arm across Michelle's shoulders, \"Good thinking!\" Giving a look that said, 'Oh, it was nothing,' Lisa shrugged. \"You're welcome, darling.\" Her mouth opened in a warm smile and her voice turned saccharine. \"You know how much I love you.\" Revolted, replacement Peter turned to stare at Lisa in horror. He hadn't been given the reasons for his predecessor's reassignment, but he could understand if the previous observer, overcome with distaste, had been unable to maintain neutrality. The humans were even more disgusting than he had imagined. A large part of replacement Peter's mission was determining whether total obliteration was a valid course of action in dealing with the newly discovered species, and he found himself suddenly looking forward to recommending that particular treatment. If these humans were indicative of the whole, xenocide would be a mercy. \"I do,\" Johnny answered blissfully, oblivious to replacement Peter's shocked reaction. Lisa looked at Peter, her eyes pleading for him to not give anything away, and he managed to relax. \"You know, it's getting really hot in here. Why don't we go back outside,\" she suggested. Replacement Peter nodded, biting his lip, his posture tense with rage. \"Mmhmm,\" Johnny agreed, opening the door. He chuckled as everyone streamed outside, but his smile had already faded by the time he left the living room.[Chapter 22] Outside, the patio was festooned with Christmas lights, each glowing white like stars. Flickering candles dotted the outside edge of the large area. A few tables had been set out for the party, each draped with clean white linens and surrounded by chairs. The guest milled around, drinking and chatting, as Lisa stepped outside, stalking through the party like a shark slicing through calm waters, searching for prey. Ahead of her, Johnny broke off the conversation he'd been having and separated himself from the group, finding a place from which he could orate. \"Hey, everybody, I have an announcement to make,\" he announced. His eyes shone with joy. \"We are expecting!\" The patio was filled with shouts and laughs of joy. A scattered applause went up from a few of the guests, and they crowded around Johnny, voicing their congratulations. Mark clapped his best friend on the back while replacement Peter shook Johnny's hand, all overjoyed at the new addition to their close-knit group. Michelle gave Johnny a small peck on the cheek before quickly backing away, quietly slipping over to where Lisa stood, arms crossed and face sullen. \"Lisa, I have to talk to you,\" she whispered, dragging her a few feet away, to a spot where a string of Christmas lights sagged overhead, and Johnny, preoccupied with the attention of everyone else, couldn't hear them. Michelle clasped both her friend's hands in her own as replacement Peter sidled up behind them, anxiously staring down at the two women. \"You have got to be honest with Johnny,\" she told Lisa. \"I agree with that,\" replacement Peter nodded. Feeling backed into a corner, Lisa snatched her hands away. Her eyes flashed between her two friends, and she held her hands up in appeasement. \"Look, I'm going to tell him,\" she started. \"Just… I don't want to ruin his birthday.\" Nervous, she fingered her engagement ring. Replacement Peter searched his memory banks, looking for an appropriate thing to say in this situation, but this appeared to be a total aberration. All he had was suggestions for pregnancies and suggestions for adultery. \"When is the baby due?\" he asked slowly, opting to focus on the former. Her shoulders slumping, Lisa flicked the huge diamond on her finger back and forth. \"There is no baby,\" she confessed. \"What?\" replacement Peter asked at the same time as Michelle. \"But… What are you talking about?\" he continued. Lisa stepped away, leading them to a nearby table, and sat. Intent on Lisa's explanation, Michelle sat and leaned in while replacement Peter crouched next to her, his hands on his knees. The revelation that she had simply lied about her pregnancy seemed impossible. The lie gave her nothing, and only served to make the discovery of her deception even more unavoidable – and the fallout so much worse. Her only possible motive was spite. She would either have to be stupid or insane – or some combination of the two – to have done this. \"I told him that to make it interesting,\" Lisa explained. In unison, Michelle and replacement Peter leaned back, their foreheads knitted with confusion at the bizarre justification. When her friend and replacement friend failed to give her the support she had expected, she continued, rationalising defensively. \"We're probably going to have a baby eventually, anyway,\" she asserted, despite the fact that she was supposedly desperate to get out of her relationship with her future husband, not to mention the fact that she was so evil, her womb was probably a barren wasteland. \"You're not going to tell Johnny, are you?\" she pleaded, now unsure of herself. \"Lisa, are you feeling okay?\" Michelle leaned forward, putting a hand to Lisa's forehead to check her friend's temperature, assuming Lisa would have to be deathly ill to have decided on such a peculiar course of action. \"Because this is just getting worse and worse,\" she pointed out, finding Lisa's skin as icy cold as her heart. Desperate for relief from the judgement, Lisa grabbed the nearest champagne flute and drained it, forgetting her pregnancy ruse precluded such activities. \"I feel like I'm sitting on an atomic bomb,\" replacement Peter exclaimed, \"Waiting for it to go off.\" In truth, he wished there was an atomic bomb located directly under where his hologram was projected, ready to cleanse Sol-3 of such evil. \"Me too!\" Michelle agreed. \"There's no simple solution to this.\" There would be though, she added mentally, if Lisa hadn't needlessly complicated the situation, apparently for shits and giggles. \"Don't worry,\" Lisa urged her friends as usual. \"You guys worry entirely too much about me.\" \"Lisa, we're not worried about you, we're worried about Johnny,\" Michelle scolded, no longer sympathising her friend, justifiably. \"You don't understand the psychological impact of what you're doing here. You're hurting yourself, you're…\" She motioned at herself and replacement Peter. \"You're hurting our friendship,\" she finished. \"I'm not,\" Lisa sneered slowly, \"Responsibly for Johnny. I'm through with that. I'm changing. I have the right, don't I? People are changing all the time,\" she continued, perhaps referring to San Francisco's infamous werewolf epidemic. She thrust a finger into her chest. \"I have to think about my future,\" she asserted. \"What's it to you?\" Trying to find some shred of humanity within the woman before him, replacement Peter reached out and gently took her hand. \"This is going to pull us all down,\" he reasoned with her, trying and failing to find words that could impress upon her the gravity of her actions. \"It's going to shake up our group of friends. It's going to destroy our friendship, Lisa.\" When Lisa rolled her eyes, replacement Peter decided to change tack. \"I don't think Mark really loves you,\" he told her. Lisa's heavily shadowed eyes went wide and angry as she glared at replacement Peter. She stood. \"I don't want to talk about it,\" she snarled. \"Lisa, you're going to have to face it,\" Michelle snapped, leaving just what Lisa had to face vague. \"I, for one, am going to have a hard time forgiving you if you don't.\" Her entire posture instantly changing, her features snapping from furious to sweet and happy, as if to prove to her friend and replacement friend how much control she had over the situation, Lisa addressed the patio. \"Hey, everybody,\" she called out, \"Let's go inside and eat some cake.\" The reaction was exactly what Lisa wanted, what she needed to soothe her wounded ego. The guests immediately stood, enthusiastically following Lisa's commands, doing exactly what she wanted. As it was meant to be , Lisa thought smugly. Within moments the patio was clear, a line of people shuffling back inside the condo. As Lisa glided over to usher her sheep inside, Michelle watched her friend in shock and dismay, unable to believe her monstrous deeds. \"I don't understand you, Lisa,\" she called after her. When there was no response, all she could do was sigh. \"Lisa looks hot tonight,\" one of Johnny's previously unseen friends observed as he ate a morsel of cake off a plastic fork. His girlfriend, equally unestablished, looked at him like he had lost his mind. Next to them, Johnny sat with Claudette, chuckling as they spoke. He leaned in and gave her a quick peck on the cheek, wanting his future mother-in-law to know how much he appreciated her, before they went back to their briefly interrupted conversation. \"Come on,\" Mark urged Lisa, standing in the center of the living room, \"Whose baby is it? Is it mine?\" \"No, of course not,\" Lisa spat, although if she were pregnant she would have no way of knowing either way. She turned to storm away, but Mark grabbed her wrist, whirling her around to face him. \"How can you be sure?\" he demanded. \"Come on, Lisa.\" \"Stop asking me stupid questions,\" she snarled. \"Who the hell do you think you are?\" \"Just shut up!\" Lisa yelled as she slapped Mark across the cheek. Rage surging through her, the blow had been so hard that her palm stung. Mark recoiled, surprised at the force of the hit. Still recovering, he made a grab for Lisa's arms, totally forgetting where he was and the number of people watching. Johnny shot out of his chair, racing to his future wife's side. \"What are you doing?\" he demanded, trying to hold Lisa with hands meant to be comforting even as she glared at Mark, her eyes burning with the promise of greater retribution. \"What's going on here?\" His future wife pulled away from him. \"You really don't know, do you?\" Mark scoffed, his eyes flitting to Lisa, standing between him and his best friend. \"Maybe I know more than you think I do, Mark,\" Johnny shot back, punctuating his words with a strong shove to Mark's chest. Mark stumbled back, but quickly recovered, sauntering forward as he challenged his best friend. \"Shit, alright?\" he said cryptically. \"What do you want from me, huh?\" Johnny demanded, thrusting his palm into Mark's chest again, this time harder. \"Huh?\" Staggering, Mark fell back a few feet, lurching into an end table and upsetting a lamp and breaking empty champagne flutes. Picking himself up, Mark dropped into an aggressive, hostile stance. He thundered forward, slamming into Johnny and grappling with him, trying to wrestle him down to the hardwood floor of the condo. \"Stop! Stop it!\" Lisa screamed as they fought, although she must have been expecting something like this to happen. Throwing herself into the fray, she tried to pry her future husband and her lover apart even as they battled, viciously assaulting each other and hurtling brutal blows. Shocked out of their stupor by Lisa's shrieks, the room seemed to surge forward as a few other guests threw themselves onto the two men. Replacement Peter grabbed Mark around his chest and pulled him away as Mike did the same to Johnny, separating them. \"Alright,\" Johnny murmured, throwing his hands up in the air, before loudly repeating, \"Alright!\" His hands dropped to his sides. \"Okay, folks, everything is fine,\" he said, trying to reassure himself more than the guests. \"Fight is over, folks.\" Relaxing, he extended a hand to his best friend in a gesture of peace, or at least a truce. \"I'm sorry, Mark.\" Stalking forward, his eyes full of suspicion and reproach, Mark hesitated before taking the offered hand. \"Yeah,\" he agreed, \"Me too.\" \"Lisa, can you clean up here, please,\" Johnny asked softly, trying to regain some dignity before slowly trudging away. A cold, sick feeling rising in his stomach as he thought about his actions, Mark dropped like a load of bricks into the seat Johnny had just vacated.[Chapter 23] The party went on. Everyone had been unsettled by the fight, but slowly they relaxed and their moods improved. Even Mark's disturbed soul searching somehow seemed less important as he emptied more and more champagne flutes, the edges on his frustration and anger smoothed, eroded by the flow of alcohol. As the stress drained out of him – and he drained another glass – Lisa began to catch his gaze again, dancing enticingly, enchanting her friends into joining her. Her smoky, shadowed eyes fell on Mark, sparkling green and mischievously, and with a flick of her blonde locks she beckoned him over. Mark felt himself get up out of his chair and approach Lisa, floating as if in a dream, as if it were not of his own volition – and it wasn't, as Mark could hardly be expected to control himself when he was in the vicinity of boobs. As the rest of their friends parted, clearing the dance floor, Mark's hands found their way around Lisa's waist, pulling her to him. She obliged, her hips swaying closer as the music seemed to slow to match her movements. At first it was just dancing. But then Lisa edged an inch closer, crossing that invisible threshold between familiarity and intimacy, and Mark, entranced, leaned down. Pressing his cheek to hers, Mark took in the smell of Lisa's hair, lost in the moment, oblivious to the fact that he was doing this in Lisa's future husband's condo, at his birthday party. As Mark kissed her cheek, Lisa stroked the back of her lover's neck, her manicured fingernails tracing lines of pleasure across his skin. She moved her head back an inch to gaze up at Mark's eyes, a subtle smile playing at her lips. If Mark had the power to look away, if he wasn't completely under Lisa's control, he would have seen the long black hair and slumped frame of her future husband behind her, glaring at the two's brazen actions. Johnny stalked over, his glower gaining fury as he moved. \"What are you doing?\" he asked, stopping them by putting a hand on Lisa's shoulder. \"None of your business,\" she snapped, staying close to Mark, her hand still caressing his chest. \"You're my future wife,\" Johnny reminded her. His voice went low, full of danger. \"What are you doing, Lisa?\" Lisa glanced momentarily at Mark, and he got her message, her command. \"Leave her alone, man,\" he challenged his best friend. \"She doesn't want to talk to you.\" \"Since when do you give me orders?\" Johnny demanded, shoving Mark in the chest so hard that an audible thump could be heard throughout the party. This had the intended effect of separating the two lovers, as Mark stumbled back a few feet. The peace disturbed, the guests lining the room began to watch the display. Smiles and laughter faded. There were murmurs and gasps of shock, whispers of distress. Unfazed, Mark stalked around Johnny like a vulture circling an injured cow. \"Since Lisa changed her mind about you,\" he told Johnny, drawing himself up to his full height, his muscular frame obvious even beneath his sweater. Johnny chuckled in response. \"Wake up, man!\" Mark continued, shouting. \"What planet are you on?\" From his spot in the corner, replacement Peter reflexively tensed and put his finger on the self-destruct button. He relaxed as he realised the question wasn't directed at him. Johnny scoffed and looked away, a wild strand of ebony hair falling in front of his vision. \"I think you should leave right now, Mark,\" he warned his best friend. \"Don't spoil it,\" Lisa pleaded, reaching out for the crook of her future husband's arm. \"We were just having fun.\" She glanced at Mark, demanding his help. \"Don't worry about it, man,\" Mark urged, imitating Lisa's gesture. As his fingers brushed against Johnny's jacket, Johnny flinched, slapping his best friend's hand away. \"Don't touch me, motherfucker,\" he snarled. More hair fell in front of his face, and he seemed to transform into a feral animal. \"Get out.\" Enraged at Johnny's command, Mark flew forward, throwing himself into Johnny. They grappled, Mark trying to push Johnny over and Johnny trying to fend off the fierce attack. Trying to force his best friend away, Johnny grasped Mark's wrists and held them above their heads. \"Stop it! Stop it!\" Lisa screeched, again trying to separate the two men. Trying to help, Denny grabbed Johnny from behind. \"Leave her alone,\" Johnny growled as he summoned all his strength, slamming his palms into Mark. Mark seemed to rocket backwards, flung to the hardwood floor, his head smashing into the front door as he slumped on the ground, his face slack from shock at Johnny's rage. Dazed, he climbed to his feet. Behind Johnny, Denny gaped. \"You two are acting like children,\" Lisa sneered as her future husband tossed his head, throwing his hair out of his face. Ignoring her, Mark stalked forward again. \"Son of a bitch,\" he swore at his host. \"You're going to ruin the party,\" Lisa told them, somewhat belatedly. \"If you would keep your girl satisfied, she wouldn't come to me!\" Mark bellowed at Johnny, apparently blaming the cuckolded man for his relationship with Lisa. His expression grim, Johnny almost instantaneously stripped out of his jacket. \"Get out of my house,\" he ordered again, throwing the garment to the floor. He surged forward. \"I kill you!\" he roared as he attacked Mark, continuing to yell indistinct threats about breaking things. As Johnny's hands searched for Mark's neck, several sets of hands reached in to grab the men, trying to separate them. They struggled across the small room in a roiling, angry clump. \"Stop! Stop it!\" Lisa shrieked again, getting a profound sense of déjà vu. \"I kill you, you bastard,\" Johnny was hissing and spitting as he was pried and dragged away, the strength of three men needed to combat his fury. Standing apart from everyone, tall and proud, Mark watched Johnny. \"You couldn't kill me if you tried,\" he defied his former best friend. Johnny shook the hands off him, flinging his mop of black hair directly into his face as he did. As he stood tall to match Mark, he tried to quickly straighten his locks. \"You betrayed me, you're not good, you,\" he spat out the insult. \"You're just a chicken, cheep, cheep, cheep, cheep, cheep, cheep!\" He flapped his hands at his side, taunting Mark. Incensed at the terrible imitation of a chicken, Mark hurled himself forward again, snarling as he slapped at Johnny's chest. They grabbed each other's wrists, scratching at each other as they struggled. Bored of this drama, replacement Peter forced himself in the way and threw the two men apart. \"It's over,\" he pronounced. \"Shut up!\" Johnny yelled back at the hologram. He threw himself forward again, in his rage attacking replacement Peter instead of Mark. \"It's over!\" replacement Peter repeated. \"Shut up!\" Johnny told him again as he was overpowered and pushed back. \"It's not over,\" he nearly sobbed, \"Everybody betrayed me, I'm fed up with this world!\" Frustrated, his threw his arms up, flailing. The room went silent as Johnny trudged forward, starting up the spiral staircase, festively decorated with balloons and Christmas lights for his birthday. As he disappeared, Lisa turned back to her guests, her displeasure evident on her face even though she had put conscious effort into engineering a scene like the one they had all just watched. The guests, quiet and anguished, looked back at her, those who knew what had just happened silently judging Lisa without sympathy. By unspoken consensus, they all began to leave, retrieving anything they had come with and beelining for the door as fast as they could. A few waved a quick, awkward goodbye at Lisa, or expressed vague condolences, but most simply refused to look her in the eyes, fleeing the site without a backward glance.[Chapter 24] Sulking on the couch upstairs, Lisa hadn't bothered to turn on a single light, letting the illumination from the street outside filter in through the drapes and create jagged shadows that matched her mood. Claudette climbed the spiral staircase, her face somber as a funeral, watching her daughter as she sat motionless, brooding. \"I cleaned up the kitchen, sweetheart,\" she told her daughter, unrolling the sleeves of her jacket, her voice gentle but cold. \"So you don't have to worry about that.\" Her lips pushed out in a pout, Lisa stood, looking to her mother for advice. \"He still won't come out of the bathroom,\" she complained, pleading for guidance. \"Sweetheart, he's upset,\" Claudette told her daughter, stunned by her indifference. \"Now, Johnny is a sensible man, he will come out, you will discuss this,\" she continued, outlining the proper course of action, \"Everything is going to be okay.\" \"I just think I should be alone with his right now,\" Lisa said, her forehead knitting in faux concern as she tried to convince her mother to leave. \"I understand, sweetheart,\" Claudette replied, her hand on Lisa's cheek. \"I'm going to go home now,\" she kissed her daughter's other cheek and tapped her nose. \"Bye bye. You call me if you need me.\" \"I will,\" Lisa nodded. \"Thanks, mom.\" \"Mmhmm,\" Claudette called back, already descending the stairs, satisfied. She knew leaving was the right thing to do, but it wouldn't have helped unless her daughter had realised it as well. Now that Lisa was being sensible – now that she had said she was going to reassure Johnny and have a serious talk about their future – everything was going to be okay. Claudette knew she didn't have to worry about it. After watching her mother go, Lisa turned her gaze to the bathroom door, her lips curling back in a sneer as she thought about her future husband with loathing. Her high heels clicking against the floor in an angry staccato, she stormed over, grasping the knob and tugging, furiously trying to break down the locked door. She gave it another yank, pulling so hard that the mirror on the wall swayed as the thin, poorly constructed wall shuddered. Giving up, she turned to look at the bedroom, dark and empty, no longer the place of joy and intimacy it had once been. The scented candles were dark, the only light streaming in from outside. It fell in a long ray across the telephone, making the line of communication beam beckoningly in the night. Trying to ignore the impulse, Lisa paced. She crossed her arms, impatiently whirling back on the bathroom door. \"You can come out now, Johnny,\" she called. \"She's gone.\" His back against the door, Johnny glowered. \"In a few minutes, bitch,\" he called back. \"Who are you calling a bitch?\" Lisa demanded, not sure how cheating on her future husband, telling all his friends he was abusive and then lying about being pregnant made her a bitch. \"You and your stupid mother,\" Johnny told her. Anger coursing through her, Lisa screwed up her face. All her resolve to do what her mother said and try to salvage her relationship with her future husband disappeared, drowned in her rage. She turned back to the phone, wanting to hurt Johnny as much as she could. It beeped cheerfully as she dialed Mark's number, her fingers instinctively finding their way. Mark picked up after half a ring, still on edge from the party and half expecting the call. \"Hello?\" he asked. \"Hi, Mark,\" Lisa answered quickly, both seductive and anxious. \"I need to talk to you.\" \"What's going on?\" Mark asked, apparently still not getting how this works. Sparing only one further glance at the bathroom door, Lisa reassured Mark, \"Don't worry about Johnny, he's just being a baby. You know, I love you very much.\" As she continued murmuring to Mark, wrapping him up once again in her sweet, poisonous words, Johnny pressed his ear to the door. He couldn't make out anything concrete, but he knew Claudette couldn't be home yet, so Lisa couldn't be calling her mother, and from the intimate way she cooed into the phone, sultry and seductive, it was unlikely to be a mere friend. When he had overheard his future wife confide in her mother, telling her she was having an affair, Johnny hadn't heard any names, but when he had seen Mark and Lisa tonight, he had known. His future wife had been curling up in his best friend's arms, smiling and content, and he had known. \"I love you,\" Lisa told Mark again. \"Why don't you ditch this creep,\" Mark suggested lazily. \"I don't like him anymore.\" \"I know,\" Lisa agreed, ignoring the bathroom door behind her even as it seemed to watch her with reproach. \"He's not worth it. Why don't I come up there and be with you?\" \"Sure, baby. Come on up,\" Mark answered, invitingly. \"I want your body.\" \"You got it,\" Lisa answered. She looked to the bathroom door again, this time with a feeling of triumph instead of defeat, and raised her voice just enough for her future husband to hear. \"I'm on my way. Bye.\" \"Bye.\" There was a short chirp as Lisa hung up and put the phone back into its cradle. Still with his ear pressed to the door, the silence was obvious to Johnny. The conversation was over. He closed his eyes slowly, crushed. But even in the face of overwhelming evidence, Johnny's faith in his future wife refused to die, and he came outside into the bedroom, ready to believe anything she told him if it let them get back to their idyllic lives. The bedroom was dark, eerie in the gloom. Johnny focused on Lisa, the one spot of brightness. \"Who were you talking to?\" he asked her. \"Nobody,\" she snapped, picking clothes from her dresser drawer and throwing them onto the bed. \"We'll see about that,\" Johnny answered, stomping downstairs as she packed. Even after that night, even as she packed her things, he couldn't believe this was for real, that it was anything more than a misunderstanding. Deep inside of him, he knew that if he played the evidence, everything would work itself out. Or maybe his need to hear it for himself, to have it starkly play out in front of him, was part of a masochistic impulse. Maybe it wasn't that he believed Lisa, and wanted her to pull the knife out, but instead wanted her to dig it in deeper and twist it, leaving himself helpless before her, as he had always been. Lisa paid no attention to the heavy footsteps behind her, not when they faded as they tromped downstairs and not when they turned around and thundered back up the spiral staircase. Assuming Johnny was just having a tantrum, one that would die out without attention, she continued packing, grabbing skimpy black lingerie by the handful and throwing it into her bag. It took a sound she didn't recognize, a strange rattling, to get her attention. She turned to see Johnny, holding an obsolete cassette tape in his huge hand, waving it triumphantly though his expression was grim. Without a word, he thundered over to their bed and sat. He yanked open the drawer on the night stand and pulled out an old answering machine that had been stashed there when Johnny and Lisa had bought the state-of-the-art machine downstairs. \"We'll see about that,\" he intoned grimly as Lisa watched him with a scowl, continuing to pack her things. Johnny loaded the tape and pressed play. \"Hello?\" Mark's disembodied voice, captured on tape, floated out of the answering machine. \"Hi, Mark?\" the Lisa from a few minutes ago replied. Standing next to the bed, the Lisa of Now felt a cold pit open up in her gut as she realised she was caught. Her faked pregnancy, her dance with Mark, the fight downstairs, packing to leave her future husband – all of that had plausible deniability. All of that could be repaired. This though, her voice and Mark's, unspooling from the tape, making auditory love in front of Johnny, in his own bedroom, this was the point of no return. She made a grab for the answering machine, wanting – needing – to shut it off, to stop its accusations, but Johnny snatched it away from her as her voice continued. \"I need to talk to you.\" \"What's going on?\" As Lisa sighed and turned away, the cassette continued to replay the past. \"Don't worry about Johnny. He's just being a big baby,\" Lisa's voice announced to the bedroom. At that moment, the Lisa who packed as her future husband glared at her back couldn't agree more. \"You know,\" her voice went on, condemning her, \"I love you very much.\" Lisa punctuated the statement by throwing another handful of clothes onto the bed, scowling at Johnny as she did. \"You're the sparkle of my life,\" she cooed, inadvertently telling her future husband all the damning words she'd said while he hid in the bathroom. \"I can't live without you.\" The tape abruptly stopped as Johnny hit pause. Lifting the flap to open her suitcase, Lisa went to toss more clothes inside. Johnny stopped her, grabbing her arm. His fingers tightened, his knuckles whitening as he clamped down on his future wife's wrist. \"You little tramp,\" he accused, his voice low and dangerous, almost emotionless, before anger swelled in him, and volume and rage exploded out of him. \"How could you do this to me? I gave you seven years of my life!\" Lisa remained silent, pouting. \"And you betrayed me. Let's see what else we have on this tape.\" He let go of his future wife's wrist to press play. \"No!\" Lisa ordered as she snatched her released hand back. \"Stop.\" Something about the cold edge to her voice made Johnny listen, watching her warily. \"You little prick, I put up with you for seven years,\" she hissed. \"You think you're an angel,\" she accused, either hinting at imagined abuses or accurately describing the writer/director/star. She shook her head. \"You're just like everybody.\" \"I treat you like a princess,\" Johnny spat. \"And you stabbed me in the back. I love you and I did anything for you,\" he continued, mixing and matching verb tenses, \"To just please you, and now you betray me. How could you love him?!\" he screamed with rage and horror. When Lisa didn't respond, unmoved, Johnny pushed play again. \"Why don't you ditch this creep?\" Mark's voice groaned, telling his supposed best friend exactly what he thought. \"I don't like him anymore.\" \"I know, he's not worth it,\" Lisa commiserated as Johnny's black eyes watched her face, watched her reaction to her own words. Her gaze dropped as she mustered the decency to look away, unable to look her future husband in the eye. \"Why don't I come up there and be with you?\" \"Sure, baby. Come on up,\" Mark replied. \"I want your body.\" \"You got it,\" Lisa consented. Those three words were the last straw. Johnny let out a guttural scream, the feral road of a wounded animal as he leapt from the bed. Enraged, he flung the offending answering machine away from him, hurling it into the wall. It hit the drywall with a heavy thump and bounced away, the sturdy device undamaged by the fierce throw. For a long moment, Johnny stood still, watching Lisa, his body tensing. His fists clenched and unclenched, the idea of violence flowing through them. Cautious, Lisa stayed where she was, avoiding sudden movements. Defeating the violent impulse, and defeated by everything else, Johnny sunk back to the bed. He shoved his fingers into his thick black hair, his nails digging into his scalp as he pulled at his locks, trying to drown his sorrow in physical anguish. \"I don't have a friend in the world,\" he slurred, the strength drained out of him. Picking that moment as the optimal one, Lisa finally told him, \"I'm leaving you, Johnny.\" She picked her bag up off the bed and slung it over her shoulder before briskly walking to the spiral staircase and disappearing down the stairs. Dark energy still twisting inside him, knotting his stomach and clouding his vision, Johnny stood, not quite sure what to do. He paced over to the spiral staircase and put his hands on the railing, leaning out over the passage to the first floor so that he could see Lisa's fleeing frame. \"Get out, get out,\" he chanted like a mantra, \"Get out of my life!\" His shoulders slumped as Lisa disappeared. Both she and Johnny had known what he'd tried to do, trying to command Lisa to get out after she'd already decided to leave, as if it was his decision, as if he had any control over the situation. He let out another scream as he paced the bedroom, flinging his arms up at the ceiling in anger before throwing himself back onto the bed. He let himself fall back to the mattress with a thump. He wasn't sure how long he lay like that, motionless, staring at the ceiling as if it had answers, as if it were a clear sky to which he could direct his questions. It felt like hours. At times, questions and accusations swirled through his mind as he wondered where it had gone wrong, how many of his friends had been involved in his betrayal, how many had plotted against him. Revenge scenarios flitted in front of his vision, bloody and unmerciful. The more coherent thoughts were punctuated by seemingly endless stretches of disjointed, rambling, animalistic madness, pure rage and sorrow taking over his entire being, becoming all he was. Johnny wasn't sure when he sat up, stood, and started walking, but he was suddenly aware that he was slowly padding down the spiral staircase. His eyes scanned the room for anything that didn't remind him of Lisa, of the life together that he had thought was perfect, but there was nothing. All of it was infused with their relationship, staring back at him, mocking him. The room echoed with a loud, angry scream, tinged with sorrow, as Johnny let every breath of air out of his lungs. His throat was already raw from his roars, stinging and inflamed, but he kept sobbing as he stormed through the living room. \"Why, Lisa, why, why?!\" he demanded as he flung himself into the chair next to the fireplace, slamming his hands into the arm rests. His fingers dug into the fabric like talons, almost tearing the material. Sobs choked him, wracking his body. He slammed his eyes closed as hard as he could, shutting out the room and its memories, but this only triggered a flood of images, vivid as they day they'd happened. Across from him, Lisa sat on the sofa, drunk and laughing, Johnny's tie wrapped around her head like a bandanna, the engagement ring on her finger glittering as she muffled her laughter with her hand. Upstairs, she wore her red dress and pulled Johnny close, kissing him in the candlelight and smiling as she led him towards the bed. She stood in front of him, leaning down to bring her lips to his, her blonde hair brushing gently against his forehead. She lay naked on the bed, rose petals scattered all over her body as Johnny caressed her soft skin. Twin trials of tears ran from Johnny's eyes, shining as he sobbed and screamed, trying to push his torment out of his body and into the condo he had once shared with his future wife. Lisa's face still appeared in flashes behind his eyelids, smiling, laughing, taunting. With a sudden burst of energy, Johnny leapt to his feet, propelling himself through the living room. He thundered across the hardwood floor, one long arm smashing into the tasteful bowl of fruit on the coffee table. There was a crash of the ceramic bowl shattering as apples flew everywhere, blots of red rolling across the ground. Wanting to destroy everything that reminded him of the last seven years, every trace of his and Lisa's relationship, he rampaged through the living room. The silver candelabra Lisa had once asked Johnny to buy, saying it added the perfect touch of class to the room, tumbled to the ground. The shelf, full of Lisa's favourite six CDs, fell with a hardwood-denting thump. A sweep of Johnny's hand cleared the fireplace mantle, sending scented candles and empty champagne flutes flying, shattering into shards as they hit the ground. Not satisfied, Johnny kept attacking the mantle, knocking the paintings above off the wall, their frames splintering as they collided. With another roar, Johnny stormed over to where the television sat on two elegant pillars made from white plaster. Heaving the huge black box over his head, he yelled, \"You bitch!\" as he hurled the TV out the window. It sailed through the air, trailing the glass it had broken on its way out, before landing in the alley outside, crumpling as it hit the pavement. The room destroyed, Johnny's heavy footsteps pounded up the spiral staircase. The bedroom brought back even more memories, and he tried to silence them with a deafening howl. Random strings of syllables, some seeming to curse the world, some seeming to call out his future wife's name, tumbled from his mouth in an incoherent babble as the rage surged through him, threatening to drive him mad. He slammed into the tall dressed by the stairs, the one Lisa had emptied of her sexiest clothes, and grabbed drawers, yanking them out so hard they soared behind him. Clothes spilled everywhere, coating the floor like a thick carpet. Still incensed, Johnny shoved the dresser to the side, letting it keel over with a bang. He rampaged through the bedroom, kicking garments and drawers out of his way, before his eyes fell on the bed. The bed where he and his future wife had slept, side by side. The bed where they had made love so many times. The bed where they had shared their most intimate moments. Roaring, Johnny grabbed sheets, pillows, blankets with both hands and hurled them to the side, spilling them all over the floor. They fell in an angry swirl of red and white, mussed like a wall splattered with blood. Johnny flung himself onto the stripped mattress like a teenager having a temper tantrum because their parents cancelled their World of Warcraft account. His destruction hadn't been enough. He was still all too aware of Lisa's lingering presence in the room, the way they had made love on the same bed Johnny was laying on. The chaos and ruin of the condo reflected his mood, but he couldn't see it. All he could see was Lisa. As he stood, another sweep of his hand threw the scented candle off the end table, along with the collection of smooth stones that complimented it. They fell to the ground with a rattle – like the rattle of a baby. The tall, wrought iron candelabra followed it to the floor as Johnny knocked it over, sobbing. Out of the corner of his eye, Johnny thought he saw someone in the room with him and whirled on the figure. He recognised wild black hair and an enraged, craggy scowl, before he realised he was looking in the mirror, its sophisticated gilded frame in stark contrast with his feral appearance. His reflection seemed more shadow than human, brimming with dark rage. Unable to stand it, unable to look into the face of such a pitiable creature, one so unjustly unloved by the world, he knelt and picked up one of the large, jagged rocks from the fountain decorating the bedroom and hurled it into the glass. A spider web of cracks appeared in his face before gravity took over, and silver chards of glass tumbled to the ground, taking Johnny's reflection with them. The obliteration of himself only soothed him for a moment, however, and he stormed back over to the pile of clothes and sheets, falling to his knees in the bedlam. The sounds coming from him were quieter, almost calm now, more grunts than the howls and roars of agony he'd screamed. He pawed through the mess, each item bringing up new memories, each a new stab of pain. His gaze fell upon an angry slash of red, and he shifted, reaching for the soft fabric. The cool silk seemed to flow through his fingers like water, soft and inviting as the day he'd picked it out at the store. That was, he suddenly realised, only a few days ago. Only a few days ago he had proudly presented his future wife with the red dress, the dress she had loved so much. Lisa's smile when she had seen it, her excitement to try it on, the way she had touched him afterward… That had been real. There was no way it wasn't. How had it all gone so wrong, so fast? he wondered. How could Lisa have grown to hate him in what seemed like only a few short days? He fingered the silk, and Lisa was downstairs, twirling for him. He brought the dress to his nose and drank it in. A piece of it brushed against his lips, soft as a lover's caress, soft as Lisa. Almost experimentally, he brushed the dress across his face again, its texture reminding him of Lisa's skin. With more force, with more purpose, he dragged the red silk down his neck, letting out a groan as he remembered Lisa's hands on his chest, helping him undress, their bodies a tangle of limbs as they fell into bed. Johnny fell back into the pile of bedding as, in his mind's eye, he was pushed into bed by Lisa. Now existing more in the past than in the present, he brought the silk, balled in his fist, down to his crotch. He groaned as more nights with Lisa came flooding into him, his back arching as he spasmed in angry pleasure. His short grunts of suffering mixed with sorrow echoed off the walls of the bedroom as ripples of gratification surged through him. Soon the waves of pleasure died out, and he was left alone with his anguish. \"You tramp,\" he sobbed, spreading the silk over his face, blocking everything out with red. Through the red he saw her, Lisa, smiling on the bed. Trying to destroy his memories, he had destroyed everything around him. Almost. With a snarl, Johnny sat up and tore at the delicate silk. The thin fabric ripped with a sound like a death rattle, and he pulled at it again. His visions of Lisa changed as the garment was reduced to shreds – downstairs, Lisa danced with Mark, pulling him ever closer, and upstairs, Lisa was telling Johnny that she hadn't loved him, that she had merely tolerated him for the last seven years. He howled again, slinging scraps of fabric, now so small they were only good as dust rags, into the white bedding. More sobs wracked Johnny's frame. The pain was unending, impossible to quench. Nothing would end it, except… Johnny's eyes landed on a small box that had fallen from the dresser when he had hurled it to the ground. He had hid it, days ago, in the bottom drawer, not wanting Lisa to find it. He didn't want to worry her, but he also wanted to be able to protect her, to defend her with his life, if need be. So when he had had the opportunity, when he and Mark had disarmed Chris-R, and when Mark wasn't looking, Johnny had taken it, hoping he'd never have to use it. Now, though, it was the only option. Reaching across the pile of clothes, Johnny grabbed the small wooden box. He opened it, hesitant, almost changing his mind, almost slamming the lid shut again. Finally he flung it open. In the darkness of the box, the barrel of the gun glinted dangerously, invitingly. Tossing hair out of his eyes, Johnny picked up the weapon, feeling the surprising heft of it in his hands, studying it almost academically. It seemed strange that such a physically small object could do so much damage – and end so much pain. \"Why?\" Johnny asked the room. \"Why is this happening to me? Why?\" He moaned, the cool steel clenched between his fingers promising relief. There was no going back now, he knew. He couldn't survive, not with his torment swirling through his brain, driving daggers into him at every opportunity. This was a mercy killing, putting down an injured, rabid dog. \"It's over,\" Johnny moaned quietly, beaten. With a flick of his thumb, he turned the safety off. His index finger seemed to nestle next to the trigger perfectly, like the gun had been manufactured with him in mind. It seemed to move of its own volition, inching closer to his face. \"God,\" he begged, \"Forgive me.\" His memory of Lisa seemed to coach him through it, standing above him on the stairs, telling him everything was going to be all right. Reassuring him. Urging him on. Johnny opened his mouth wide, shoving the thick, rigid steel inside. His lips conformed to the round stiffness, welcoming it in. His finger tensed. He tried to squeeze the trigger, but it took so much more conviction, so much more strength than he thought it would. So much more strength than he had left. Still standing on the staircase, Johnny's memory of Lisa watched him. \"Good night, Johnny,\" she said coldly. The gun fired, sending hot lead spiralling out the back of Johnny's skull, taking chunks of grey matter and a spray of blood along for the ride. His dead fingers slack, the weapon fell out of Johnny's hand as his head was snapped back from the force of the blast.[Chapter 25] Lisa stood in front of Mark, biting her lip, her eyes coyly darting away as if she was shy, as if she'd ever been shy. Her fingers tugged at the strap on her dress, toying with it. Mark leaned forward in his seat, watching as Lisa slipped the strap over her shoulder, loosening the dress, letting it start to fall away from her body. A sound like thunder cracked through the air. They both froze. They both knew that sound. Instantly, Mark grabbed his Glock 22, ready for the assault on the apartment building that he'd been anticipating since the day he moved in – and dreading since earlier that afternoon – but Lisa stopped him with a shake of her head. \"That's not for us,\" she told him. \"That came from Johnny's apartment.\" Mark was already racing out the door. Lisa followed in hot pursuit. \"Wait, Mark,\" she called after him. \"We don't want to get involved!\" \"Dammit, Lisa, we're already involved,\" he yelled back as they dashed through the apartment building's corridors and into the alley outside. \"This isn't a game anymore.\" He hurtled up the steps to Johnny and Lisa's condo, his hand flying to the door knob. He pulled at it, rattling it uselessly before looking to Lisa, who sighed. \"My key's upstairs,\" she groaned, turning to trudge back to Mark's apartment to retrieve it. \"No time,\" Mark shot, and hurled his foot into the door as hard as he could. The thick oak nearly rattled off his hinges with the force of the blow. \"What are you doing?\" Lisa demanded. Ignoring her, Mark kicked the door again. Wood around the door knob was beginning to splinter. With one last, mighty heave, his foot slammed into the door and it exploded inwards. Taking only a moment to let the damage to the living room sink in, Mark dashed up the spiral staircase, desperately scanning the apartment for his best friend. Behind him he could hear the click of Lisa's high heels trotting up the stairs after him. The first thing he saw as he entered the bedroom was a pair of shoes sitting on the floor, motionless. As cold fear surged through him, Mark's eyes moved up over the still body lying in the jumble of clothes and sheets. A dark red stain was spreading across white pillows and blankets. Mark raced to Johnny's side. \"Wake up, Johnny, come on!\" he urged as he grabbed his best friend's corpse by the shoulders and shook him. Lisa knelt beside her future husband, her mouth agape in shock. Angry, accusing reds were everywhere, tangled in the sheets, pooling behind Johnny's head, and dripping from Johnny's mouth. She picked up his hand, but the warmth was already beginning to drain from it. Her lower lip quivered as the enormity of what she had done, her worst crimes, began to sink in. \"Is he dead?\" she asked Mark in an uncertain sob. She flung the dead hand away, no longer able to bear the thought of her transgressions. \"My God, Mark, is he dead?\" she demanded more urgently. In response, Mark lifted the hand with which he'd been cradling Johnny's head, stroking his hair. His fingers were sticky and red with already drying blood, and Lisa gasped in horror. Mark studied his hand for a long moment, not believing his own eyes. \"Yes, he's dead,\" he finally pronounced quietly, admitting it to himself more than Lisa. Next to him, Lisa sobbed and sniffled, and he felt a sudden surge of anger. She had done this. She had betrayed Johnny, forced Mark to betray Johnny, and had shown no remorse. Lisa may as well have put the gun in Johnny's mouth and pulled the trigger, smiling the whole time, and only now – now that her future husband was dead – only now did she have the decency to care. \"Yes, he's dead!\" Mark shouted. A long stream of tears flowing into her mouth, Lisa sobbed again. \"Oh my god,\" she cried, sniveling. She cradled her head in her hands, distraught for some reason. Blocking out the sound of her crying, her body trembling with sorrow next to him, Mark leaned down over Johnny. Slowly, gently, he pressed his lips to his best friend's forehead, saying goodbye for the last time. \"Oh my god,\" Lisa sobbed again, and Mark gave her shoulder a reassuring squeeze. She leaned toward him, pressing her face into his sweater. Even through the thick material, he could feel the cool wetness of her tears, soaking through to his skin. \"I've lost him, but I still have you, right?\" she asked, her voice starting to gain strength. \"Right?\" Another cold surge of anger went through Mark, wrapping its fingers around his heart and settling deep in his soul. Had this been Lisa's plan all along, he wondered, getting Johnny out of the way like this? Even if it was never her intention to hurt him like this, Mark realised he would never know. He shoved Lisa away. \"You don't have me,\" he spat as Lisa's eyes pleaded with him. \"You never had me.\" Tears flowed down his cheeks, shining in the dim light. \"You killed him.\" \"Mark, we're free to be together!\" Lisa declared. \"I love you.\" Shaking his head, not sure how he didn't see it before, how he didn't see how truly evil Lisa was, Mark watched her performance with disbelief. \"I love you,\" she insisted again, reaching for him. \"Tramp,\" he sneered, slapping her hand away. \"You killed him. You're the cause of all of this.\" Deep down, Mark knew there was no way he could have prevented this, no way anyone could have prevented this. Lisa had dug her claws into everything around her, ensnaring both Mark and Johnny, doing what she willed with them as they helplessly danced to her song. \"I don't love you.\" Lisa sniffed, heartbroken by the revelation and presumably the still-cooling corpse of her future husband between them. \"Get out of my life, you bitch!\" Mark screamed, echoing the words Lisa had told him, minutes ago, that Johnny hurled after her as she left. She had laughed cruelly then, and with a sick feeling Mark realised he had laughed along with her, but that was the past, when he had been blind. As Lisa sobbed, her face crinkling and her body quaking, Mark couldn't believe he'd ever found her attractive. \"What's happening?!\" Denny's voice shrieked from the staircase. \"Don't look, Denny,\" Mark told him, but Denny was already racing forward, filled with a need to be at Johnny's side. Mark caught the eighteen-year-old, pushing him back as he sobbed. \"Johnny's dead!\" Denny cried in horror, stumbling, the strength leaving his legs. He collapsed to his knees, overcome with grief. \"Wake up, Johnny, please!\" he pleaded with the corpse as he struggled with Mark, trying to crawl to Johnny's side. Lisa stroked Denny's hair in an attempt to calm him, but he didn't notice. \"Please! It's not right,\" he moaned, \"It's not right.\" Finally breaking Mark's grip, Denny fell forward, his hand on Johnny's chest. He sobbed, looking from Mark to Lisa and back, his eyes wild and confused. \"Denny, he's in a better place,\" Lisa told him, hoping it would soothe him. \"Leave us!\" Denny commanded Mark and Lisa. \"Both of you, leave.\" \"As far as I'm concerned, you can drop of the earth,\" Mark growled harshly as he rose and stalked out. \"That's a promise.\" \"Just leave!\" Denny called after his retreating back before turning to Lisa. \"Both of you!\" \"Leave him, alright?\" Mark told Lisa, understanding that Denny cared the most, that he was the one who most deserved to mourn Johnny. Mark and Lisa weren't worthy. \"Let him be with him.\" With one last sigh, Lisa climbed to her feet and followed Mark. \"Why, Johnny?\" Denny moaned, tears dripping from his face. \"Why?!\" Standing on the top of the spiral staircase, Lisa and Mark turned. For a long moment they watched as Denny, curled over Johnny's body, whimpered, every so often another why? escaping his lips. They glanced at each other. They'd both been so angry – angry at each other, angry at Johnny, angry at themselves – that they'd forgotten about anything else. They'd been prepared to abandon Denny when he needed them. By mutual consent, they knew what they had to do. Mark and Lisa padded forward, reassuming their positions on either side of Denny. As sirens blared in the distance, growing closer with every second, they knelt and embraced Denny, comforting him as best they could. Together, they wept over Johnny's body, the last time they'd all be together as a family. THE END ","Summary":" FOREWORD First off, I feel it's only fair to warn you: this at least started out as an earnest atte"},{"Movie":"Daybreakers","Title":"Here Comes The Sun","Author":"border-skitz","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6007630","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Alright my first fic, just having some fun, and I have had this one floating half in my brain and half on my hard drive for a while, not really sure what to do with it, when my friend told me to come here. So...here I am, I had wished there were more moments between Audrey and Edward in the movie, but I suppose I will have to just read about it instead. Anyway hope you all enjoy. Audrey lugged the basket up the stairs and dumped some of the clothing out unto the table. Smoothing the wrinkles out of a young boys t-shirt, she wondered how doing the laundry every night had become sort of her unofficial, and unspoken job to do every morning, and every night. Not that she minded doing laundry, it wasn't a chore to her, and she knew it to be for so many others. But how had she gotten stuck with it when so many others were here doing little else then surviving all day. Movement behind her jarred her precious thoughts and she turned to find a figure obscured by shadows. She could only make out a pair of honey eyes, that appeared to be glowing, and for one seemingly endless moment of horror her muscles went ridged, because she knew she didn't have her crossbow on her, and she contemplated just how bad the bite would hurt, before realization set in, and she let out a shaky breath she had only been mildly aware she was holding. \"Ed?\" She sighed, with a tone that made it half a question, because she still didn't really know. But he skirted around the soft patches of sunlight, and smiled at her, his dark hair no longer slicked back against his skull, but more hanging in his eyes, and sticking up from a night of rolling around in a cot that made your muscles feel pinched, and tight. She watched as he came to stand across the table from her, still with his slow and easy smile across his face, and still standing in the shadowed parts of the room. He looked younger without his hair oil slicked back; it gave light to his eyes. \"Can't sleep either?\" She asked, hoping that he would stop watching her, because she could feel her face getting warm, and it wasn't something she was used to. For a moment he looked very confused, like she had just asked him if his second nose was itching, but then his expression softened and he nodded his understanding, \"I don't sleep.\" He said, almost simply, but with an underlying tone of disappointment and sadness. \"At all?\" She asked, never had this thought occurred to her, she had always thought that as inhumane as they might be, they would have to sleep at some point. \"Not in the last ten years or so.\" He said again, his tone laced with a sadness she couldn't understand. \"Well then you can help me with these.\" She said, taking a laundry basket, and pushing it into the shadows where he stood, and he smiled, and then flashed eyes to her neck, and she covered it and stood straight again, \"Are you thirsty again?\" His eyes cut to her neck, his expression was blank, and she thought for sure that he was, but for some reason couldn't bring herself to be afraid of him, he was too human, too good, too-Ed to ever get thirsty enough to hurt her. Audrey wasn't sure how she knew this, from only having met him three times, and twice never really talking to him. \"What does it feel like?\" He asked quietly and for a moment she only stood watching him. \"What?\" She asked cautiously, and her eyes shot to her crossbow still sitting completely harmless across the room, she would have to walk right by him to get to it, and he would be much faster than her, she knew it. \"The sun.\" He said, almost ashamedly, like he was admitting to forgetting an anniversary, or a birthday. Looking down at her arms, she raised her hand to where her neck had been, sunlight filtered through from somewhere above, and she stared at her hand blankly, and then back at him for a moment, \"Don't you remember?\" She asked cautiously, still twirling her fingers through the sunlight absentmindedly. He looked sheepish, and ashamed, \"No. I haven't so much as looked at the sun in over ten years; I sort of have a minor reaction to it or something.\" He said with a shrug, and a hint of humor. Audrey smiled grimly, and resisted the urge to smack her own forehead, of course he wouldn't remember, it was like having memories from your childhood, fuzzy ones you can never remember if they are your own, or just something someone told you about. \"Um,\" She paused watching her hand, and trying to think what could describe this feeling, it didn't really feel like anything anymore, \"It feel...warm.\" She told him lamely. He squinted at her, and nodded once, \"Warm?\" He asked clarifying, \"Yes warm, a revelation I dare say. It is so interesting that you would use the word warm, I imagine some lesser being would have used the term hot, but no not you, warm it is then.\" He said sarcastically, as he rounded the table to stand behind her, and now Audrey laughed, wondering if it had woken someone the way it echoed lightly through the building. \"I'm sorry, but it doesn't feel like anything to me, it's too normal, like trying to explain to a dying person what breathing feels like, it's too natural a thing to try and look at objectively.\" She said, abandoning the laundry, and the sun to turn and face him, finding him rather close as he ducked around more streaming sunlight. He considered her for a moment, and then nodded mutely, looking away almost longingly at the sunlight, \"Thanks anyway. Warm, I shall keep that in mind.\" There was no sarcasm now, and he looked pitiful slumping back, and staring at the ceiling. Taking a deep breath and closing her eyes, she spoke. \"It's like getting a hug.\" His eyes flicked back to her, and stared for a moment, \"I'm sorry?\" \"The sun,\" She said gesturing at the ray that was shining in and then upward, \"It's like being freezing cold, and then jumping into a really hot bath, or coming in from the snow and drinking hot chocolate and it warms you chest from the inside out. Or like being cold, and hugging someone who is really warm, and it gives you goosebumps all over-\" She trailed off, Edward was watching her carefully. Like he was drinking in her words, and for a moment, neither said anything, neither moved. His hand touched hers, and Audrey resisted the urge to gasp, he hand was icy cold, she was mildly surprised he wasn't covered in frost. His fingers grazed the back of her hand, and he closed his eyes, taking a shuddering breath. Audrey twitched her fingers, and Edward's eyes snapped open, finding hers instantly, she turned her hand over, his fingers meeting her palm. Eyes locked, he smoothed his hand down hers, so their palms aligned, and curled his fingers around hers, watching carefully for her reaction. Audrey stepped closer, and his gaze flicked over his shoulder, he couldn't step back or risk stepping into direct sunlight, so he stood warily, thinking he hadn't been this close to a woman in sometime, nearing eight or nine years he would venture to guess. He opened his mouth to try and tell her this, to try and tell her that this wasn't right, and that he couldn't do this, and risk something happening, but in that moment her other hand slid over his, entangling itself to him, and all he could manage to do was stifle a groan. She was so deliciously warm, she was too warm, and he needed to stop, he needed to find a way to go somewhere, do something, something else. Saying something to get her to stop looking at him like that. But he couldn't, he wouldn't, he didn't want too, not really. She stepped closed, brushing their chests against one another, and he exhaled and holding his breath because in truth he didn't need to breathe, he made his chest as small as possible, in hopes she would understand. Her hands left his, and he was sure their moment would end, but they were back at his forearms and creeping their way higher. Licking his dry lips he tongue brushed his fangs, and now he remembered one very big reason why this was not okay, why this couldn't happen, he could kill her. Opening his mouth once more to tell her this, her hands came to rest on his chest, scraping lightly, and playing with the buttons of his shirt, there was no escaping this, and no stifling a groan that tore from his mouth, no amount of clothes could keep the warmth she emitted from seeping into him. She was leaving a trail of warmth up his body, which was quickly receding, already his hands were starting to cool again, and greedily, he moved them to her waist without thought. Because he wanted that warmth again. Her eyes flicked to his, as he groaned low in his throat, trying to stop it by keeping his mouth closed, but it wasn't working. She watched him as he opened his eyes, and her arms slid around his shoulders, and she pulled him into an embrace. She was hugging him tightly, and Edward told himself not to breathe, should he ever get her scent, this close, he would lose any sanity that still clung loosely to his brain. His arms wrapped around her, hands coming to rest at the small of her back, her left hand had found its way into his hair, and he shuddered, while her right hand, toyed with his collar for a moment, before her fingers found their way beneath it, splaying over his skin. Letting go for a moment, and giving in, he slid his fingers beneath the hem of her shirt, just to where the tips of his fingers were touching her flesh, goosebumps raced across her flesh, and he smiled dreamily, as Audrey gasped in his ear. This was too much; he sucked in a shaky breath, and could taste her scent. She smelled like honeysuckle, he hadn't smelled honeysuckle since his childhood, when he and his brother held their races through the field behind their house. Organizing them all day, only to have one race from the house, to the fence at the other end and back again. His mother grew it just behind his house, and he would smell it as his longer legs carried him to victory nine times out of ten. Tightening his arms around her, he breathed deeply, and buried his face into her hair trying to smell more, as his lips brushed over the skin of her neck, he entertained the thought of kissing it for just a moment, before it was put to action, Audrey stilled, tensing for a fraction of a second, but that was all it took. In a matter of seconds he understood, all the reasons why they shouldn't be doing this, it was wrong; he hadn't had anything to drink in what felt like ages, he was dangerous to be standing here with her, standing so close to her. Edward tried to pull away, but she held fast, and relaxed into him. \"It's okay.\" She whispered, hot breath rolling across his ear and neck, and he tensed. His whole body was warmed now, he should step away from her, he should but as much distance, he should have stopped this before it happened. A resounding clang came from behind him, and they stepped away from each other, standing again by the laundry, but he was still close enough that he could feel the heat from her fingers washing over his skin. \"Shit!\" Lionel rounded the corner, gripping his naked toes, \"How many times do I have to tell those kids to not move shit in here?\" He asked them, as he moved to get something to eat, pausing as he did to look them over, his eyes scanned from Audrey to Edward skeptically, \"What's up?\" \"Nothing,\" Audrey said quickly, \"We were just talking, and Ed was about to help me with some laundry.\" She said looking up at him, and he nodded absentmindedly, and ducked around the stream of sun that had kept him immobilized moments before, to the other side of the table, and he wondered briefly why he had not thought to duck under it before. \"About what?\" Lionel asked, directing his question at Edward. \"The sun,\" Audrey answered, looking at Edward instead, as she passed him a T-shirt in the shadows, \"He couldn't remember what it felt like.\" Stilling watching them, as they silently folded their clothing, and Edward smelled coffee faintly, and he looked up to watch Elvis turn from making a pot, and locking eyes with him, \"And now?\" Dropping his eyes, for a moment as Audrey passed him another article of clothing, their fingers brushing in the process, \"I don't think I'll ever forget again.\" So what do you all think? Yes? No? I hope you all enjoyed it, I'm not sure if I will be doing more like this one, or if I will expand this, I have been thinking about it, but am not sure. Let me know what you all want![Chapter 2] So I cannot convey just how stoked I am that those of you out there read and reviewed and liked it, seriously I saw the reviews and went through the roof. In answer to BW-girl's question, I'm not sure when this would be in the movie, probably the first night they spent in the vineyard. It was just something that got me thinking, I might follow along the story lines, and it is still an unknown in my mind. Anyway, I hope you all like this chapter as well. Edward watched Audrey carefully over the next couple of hours, he had tried not to, and when that failed as it was inevitable to do, he at least tried to keep his musing over her discrete but it was hard to ignore that fact the Elvis had been watching him closely since this morning. He still understood that it was a mistake, and as soon as he could find it within himself to gain control when in close proximity to her, Edward would tell Audrey this. But for now, he settled to just watch her. She enjoyed the children; there was no getting around that. Audrey would listen carefully as they spoke to her, as though everything they were saying was of the utmost importance, even though the one she cared for the most didn't actually speak. He had learned his name was Samuel, and that he was five years old, he had watched his father be turned, and eventually kill his mother at the tender age of three, and he hadn't spoken a word since. She paid more attention to him, then the rest of the adults who were attempting to make conversations; especially the men in the camp, Edward tried to tell himself it was a coincidence that he went ridged every time one of those men stood a little closer then was actually necessary for her to be examining a crossbow. \"So.\" Lionel breathed, throwing himself down on the couch next to Edward and looking over at him. Edward waited, letting his eyes roam all over the room, resting more often than not on Audrey, but Lionel said no more, only watched him, and Ed gave in to look at him, \"So?\" \"What exactly was going on this morning?\" He asked, taking a long slug out of a coffee mug, but the liquid inside was amber and smelled nothing like coffee. Immediately Edward knew what Elvis was talking about, but as his eyes flicked round the room, again coming to a halt on long brown hair pulled back into a ponytail, or more importantly the neck attached to said ponytail. His fingers tingled, in a tease of warmth at the memory of it, it had been softer then he remembered human skin to be, or softer then he had ever felt before, he could feel her heartbeat from across the room, and see it pulsing in her neck, he had been so close to that neck this morning, and she had let him be. He had never been offered such a gesture, never had someone trusted him so completely before, it scared him beyond belief. Edward had only been mildly aware that Elvis had been watching him, watching Audrey. Panic crossed his face, and he gripped Edward's arm tightly, whistling a tune the he didn't recognize. Many turned confused and wary looks toward Edward, still uneasy of his presence. But not Audrey, her head snapped around and she locked eyes with Edward as they passed on their way to Lionel's, with a jerk of his head towards Edward that he didn't understand, Audrey's eyes got wide, and she looked concerned at all the others standing around them that were watching as this was happening, and then back at Samuel who had been in her lap. Placing him on the ground she, whispered something to him, making him grin, and she walked away. He wanted to shake his head, as she neared him, he wasn't ready to talk to her yet, he had never considered himself to be a coward, but if there was a coward's way out of this he would consider it. She gripped his wrist, and he thought that his skin got hot much too quickly, but allowed himself to be pulled after her, pretending that he couldn't smell her, and that he didn't like it. Pretending that this situation was okay with him once his eyes cast around him and found Elvis still seated some ten feet behind him, Edward tried to plead with his eyes, because Lionel knew. He knew something had happened, that something was amiss, why was he doing this. Edward barely noticed he was being pulled down a corridor he didn't know, and wasn't even sure he had noticed before, he had only been there one night, and he had found something else to capture all of his attention in his time there. \"Where are we going?\" He asked, only finding himself half surprised when she just glanced at him, and walked on, after several paces she dropped his wrist and flexed her fingers idly, like she was trying to return feeling to them, he still followed as she didn't slow down, the downward slope, and the way the air was getting cooler told him they were going further underground. She took two rights, and turned to face him, Edward stopped on his toes to avoid running her over. They stood very still, and Audrey looked him over, but not in the way he had hoped she might, but like she was checking for something, evidently she didn't find it on his person because she set on examining his face, looking over his features, his chin, to his mouth, to his nose, to his eyes. She looked from one to the other, and then her gaze went out of focus, and she reached a hand out to him. For a moment, it looked as though she were about to cup his face, and he resisted the urge to recoil away from her, the last thing he needed was for her to come onto him more blatantly then they had come onto each other that morning. But she didn't, her finger ran along the lobe of his ear, and he gave himself a pat on the back that he had given no verbal cue that this was going to be the death of him if she kept it up for any length of time. But she didn't skimming over the opening of his ear, she fingered the shell of it, and almost at once he knew what she had seen. His ears were becoming pointy at the ends, and grotesque looking. He brushed her fingers away from his ear, and took several steps to the right so he could walk around her, \"You're thirsty.\" \"No, I'm fine.\" He lied not looking at her, he hadn't thought about human blood in this sense in a long time, it was always thinking of human blood as a means to something else that could help them, something else that could possibly fix them. \"You never answered me yesterday,\" She said quietly, and when he turned questioning eyes on her, she offered an explanation, \"When I asked you how long it had been since you had, had human blood, you didn't say anything. So?\" \"So?\" He said back, telling himself he was not being childish by not answering her, but rather there were things that were none of her business, and how much blood he consumed definitely fell under the category of none of hers or anyone else's business. \"Hey!\" She said irritated to him, as he had turned away from her, \"There are children up there, children who have the rest of their lives ahead of them, and mothers who would very much like to see their sons and daughters grow older, and fathers who want to be able to look there sons in the eyes the day that they become men. Just because you are some renegade vampire who doesn't like the path he chose, doesn't mean I'm going to let you ruin someone else's life so you can act superior to everyone else.\" Edward dropped his shoulders and looked back at her, all the sadness, and ghosts of bitterness she had heard in the inflection of his voice that morning, shining in his eyes, \"I didn't chose this.\" He said quietly, so much so that she missed it the first time, \"I didn't chose to become a vampire.\" He repeated, when she asked him what he had said. \"What do you mean?\" Audrey asked, placing nervous hands into her pockets. \"I wanted to stay human, I was going to run. I had everything packed, I had all of my belongings, and I was going to go. I didn't know where, and I didn't know how I was going to get there in one piece, but it was better than the alternative. As I was leaving my brother showed up, at once it was like I could feel it, the change that he had undergone, he looked different, he was always one to tan, and he looked so odd without it. But as soon as he looked at me, I knew, I mean I guess I had known for a while that he would choose to turn, it would be the best decision of his life in his eyes. Never having to die, never having to stop the party,\" He looked at his hands, and sighed, playing idly with his pinky, \"I told him I was leaving, and he freaked, he told me he couldn't lose me, and I tried to tell him he wouldn't be losing me, because I had already lost him. His expression went blank, and he just looked at me for a long moment. That's all I remember, next thing I know, I wake up on my kitchen floor.\" He rubbed his neck gingerly, and for an instant the palest skin she had ever seen came into view when his collar moved, pale skin with raised edges in the shape of a bite mark. Audrey watched him for a long moment, unsure of what to say, of how to say it, how to proceed. Looking at his hands again, he raised his eyes to hers, and even though several feet separated them now, they might as well have been standing not doing laundry again, \"Four days.\" \"What?\" \"I haven't had a substantial amount of human blood in four days.\" He said through gritted teeth, he felt disgusted that he had to do this. Audrey nodded absentmindedly, and strode past him, retrieving a wine glass from a wooden table, and for the first time Edward thought to glance around him, they were in a wine cellar. He looked from bottle to bottle; wine had been something his mother loved. He remembered how her eyes would glaze over whenever she talked about one day, when they had the money, she would turn the field behind their house into a full-fledged vineyard, Edward would always wonder to himself where they would keep the cellar. Smiling at the memory of his ten year old self telling Frankie that when they got the vineyard they were going to put the cellar in his room, and send him out to live amongst the grapes. His smile faded, and he covered his nose and mouth, and dared to glance over his shoulder at Audrey. She was sitting calmly at the table, her fist clenched, blood trickling over his fingers, and coming to fill the wine glass near half full. He watched her, his stomach turning flips as he did, he should be disgusted, and even lied, telling himself he wasn't even a little bit turned on by this act. Standing she thrust the glass out to him, and he gingerly took the stem taking care to almost hyper extend his arm, not wanting to be any nearer to her then he need be while she continued to bleed. Grabbing a rag off of the table, she began to tie it around her wound, and he realized, they had set up a system. Elvis and Audrey had planned for what might happen should he not be getting enough blood, and he brought himself to be touched by the gesture. He stared down at the crimson ooze in his glass, and swallowed hard, wondering if he could even throw up anymore, because he was almost certain that this was the feel you get just before your stomach caves, giving up all that you have half digested. Raising it near his lips, he took a whiff, and stiffened at the feeling of pleasure from somewhere deep inside, knowing that it wasn't coming from him. Closing his mouth he almost turned it away, choosing to remain as human as possible for as long as possible, but Samuel's face flashed before his eyes, bright blue eyes watching his every move, the only one here who didn't fear him, and the one there who should fear him the most. But he opened it again, and the rim of the glass touched his lips, he looked up. Audrey was watching him. Her blood was millimeters from his mouth, and she was studying him, she could honestly expect him to drink her blood in front of her, that was insane, that was disgusting. But she watched him still, her eyes, not focusing on the glass in his hands, but locked on his eyes not once straying. He tilted his hand just a tad, and it touched his lips, and flowed over. It was thicker than he was used too, he preferred it to be diluted with something else, so he could at least make believe that he wasn't killing someone by doing this. He expected her to cringe, to turn away from him, and find something else to look at when the sight of him, literally eating a part of her was too much to bear, this he could handle, that he could process. But her jaw fell slack, and she breathed deeply, her pupils dilating. He wanted to stop, he had drunk at least half, that was enough, he didn't need any more for a while. But he didn't, he drank the whole glass, and forced himself not to pay attention to the way it tasted, focusing instead on just how brown her eyes were. He hadn't seen brown eyes in what felt like years, in truth it probably had been. He had loved brown eyes, his mother had them, his brother had them, and he had wished that he could have them, but he had been stuck with green. Reminding him of the very man he hated more than anything in the world, because they mirrored his in every way down to the flecks of gold tat dusted his eyes. Edward set the glass down on the table, and stared at her, she had managed to bandage her hand, either without looking, or he had taken much longer then he had thought working up the courage to drink. She strode slowly over to him, and he told himself no to breathe, the scent of her, and her blood was filling his head, and giving him some very unhealthy thoughts. Picking up a lose piece of bandage from the table, she hooked it over her thumb, and slowly brought it to meet his lips. Stilling completely, his body ridged from head to toe, his whole system on red alert. Carefully her thumb swiped from left to right, along his lower lip, and back again, and Edward found it hard to control the almost unbearable urge to part his tightly shut lips. Dropping her hand away from him, once she seem satisfied with her job having been finished, he saw that she had been swiping excess blood from his lips, watching him for a long moment, she almost seemed nervous. Before she spun on her heel, and left. Edward touched his lips, as he sat in the chair, dropping his head to the cedar, and telling himself over and over again. That the wish she had let him have the rest on his lips, wasn't something he truly wanted. Alright, again a huge thanks to the two of you the have reviewed. It seriously rocked my world, I never thought I could get so excited over something like that, but it was one of the best feelings in the world. So please, I beg of you, give that feeling back to me and review again![Chapter 3] So here you all are. In answer to BW-girl's question. I will eventually work in some more resistance, and cure stuff, but I'm slow like that, I like to gradually bring that stuff in, because the truth is crap happens over time, but it will be in there I promise. I'm not sure if I will switch between view points, or not. I've tried it before, but I can never get it the way I want it, because I like being able to give an overall description rather than just what one person saw or thought, but it's possible I will put that in sometime later. Thanks a whole lot for your suggestions! I love it when people give me ideas for plots! So feel free to do it again! Edward rolled over for the one hundredth and eighty-second time. He knew this of course, because he had been counting, he had been lying in a cot next to Samuel since the last few night owls had braved asking him if he was going to hit the sack any time soon. For a moment he considered telling them the truth, that he didn't sleep anymore, but into his mind came the look of Audrey's genuine surprise when he had told her this. The last thing he needed was forty or so people, who made no big show of masking just how much they distrusted him, to know that while they peacefully slumbered, in and out of consciousness and coherency that he would be lying awake mere feet from their frail and defenseless bodies. So lie down he did, when asked, he nodded, feigned a yawn and walked slowly to the room Audrey had shown him his first night there. Since the incident where he had drank her blood only one week ago, things had not gotten better. Every other night, as the sun set, and people began to settle in from their nightly meetings about removal and retrieval, a whistle from across the room could be heard. Not one of urgency as it had been last time, but merely as though Lionel was whistling for no one in particular. He and Audrey would look up from what they were doing, as several others did, but instead of inclining their gazes towards Lionel, their eyes would lock. The first time he had shook his head at her. He would never again be put through something like that, he wasn't going to drink her blood, and she couldn't make him. But with a stern set of her jaw, she sauntered off towards the wine cellar, and he entertained the thought of letting her walk down there without him following. But before the thought had finished forming, his feet were moving, as he set out after her. All she did was incline her head towards the table, where a glass already sat. \"Am I going to need my crossbow?\" She asked teasingly, and he caved. Her smile playing him, like the perfect con. He didn't even try and argue anymore. Their eyes would meet, and a slight incline on Audrey's part, and he would set off. Disappearing into the wine cellar, returning several minutes later, thoroughly disgusted with himself, though still he said nothing. He didn't know where the blood was coming from, and he didn't ask. Because he felt sure that the only way he could keep going through with it, was to live under the impossible hope that he didn't know the person whose blood filled his glass. Ignoring the thought that he could tell it wasn't Audrey's blood, and telling himself firmly each time this thought would flit across his mind, that he couldn't tell the difference between blood. Now on his back, he looked over at Samuel, startled to find himself being watched, normally he was one to have sensed these things, but he had been too lost in thought to notice baby blue eyes taking in his every move. \"Hey Sam.\" He said softly, as the boy nodded his greeting to him, curiosity still lingering in his eyes, as though to tell him that he knew Edward didn't sleep, but couldn't understand why. But Edward knew better then to try and explain this to him, because with the exception of Audrey and Lionel, Sam was the only other person in this place that didn't look at Edward as though he was afraid any second he would snap and kill them all. Saying nothing Ed rolled to his side, and faced Samuel completely, watching him back. Staring at each other, Edward was counting the seconds as they ticked away, after all these years patience came easily to him, as did counting. When he had first been turned, and found that he was never tired any longer, he would lay in a bed, and refuse to get out, for hours on end counting the night away, determined that he would spend eight hours a night in a bed, sleeping or otherwise. Ten minutes in, and Sam's eyes became droopy, and he fought hard against it, but by fourteen minutes his eyes shut and stayed that way. Closing his eyes, Edward didn't bother to try and will himself into sleep; he had tried that for the better part of two years after he had been turned. Now he did it simply because he was the most human thing to do. But hearing muffled footsteps and knowing it was coming from twenty paces away was about as inhuman as it was possible to be. He turned to face the doorway and watched an elongated shadow pass through in the light that remained on in the middle of the front room for those who didn't poses the ability to see in the dark. Silently Edward rolled the sheets off of himself, and stood glancing around he looked for his shirt, wondering where it was he had tossed it too, but gave up in his search for it when he smelled nothing. Every human gave off a distinct smell, and for the most part so did every vampire. But he could detect nothing, slowly he moved around the corner. A figure was breathing heavily and facing away from him. Long fingers, and grotesque wings, a balding head, and claw like feet. Edward stopped breathing, and glanced around him, a crossbow was only inches from him lying on a table, and cutlery on the table after that. He could kill this thing, he had done it before, but how could he do it without waking everyone else. Just as he made the decision to move, the head snapped around at an angle no living creature should be able to make. But the glowing eyes weren't looking at him, they were looking beside him. Edward didn't dare take his eyes off of the creature before him; his fingers had only just curled around the crossbow, when he smelled him. A tiny hand wrapped around the fingers of his left hand, and had Edwards heart worked, it would have stopped beating right then. He didn't even have to look to know who it was. Samuel. How is that for a cliff hanger? I hope I won't have to make you wait too long for the conclusion of this chapter, so tune in next time for the wrap up! And don't forget to read and review, about how this sucker should die! Or if he should die at all![Chapter 4] Glowing eyes narrowed in on Samuel and I felt him stiffen in fear. His fingers clamped around mine in a silent plea to save him. Everything was silent, like all the noise in the world had been sucked from the room; it was facing us full now, and raising its hands high above its head. Samuel cried out, and dove behind me. This breaking of the silence seemed to give the monster permission to attack. I centered the shots from the crossbow into his chest, and they met flesh with a thunk but it didn't appear it had felt them at all. Samuel had a vice grip on me, and moved as I did. I could hear the footfalls somewhere behind me, Samuel's shriek undoubtedly having woken someone, and every part of me hoped it would be Elvis. I ducked behind a pillar as claws scrapped over my head, lodging them in the flimsy plaster. His moment of immobility allowed me to grasp the kitchen knives that were lying on the table, one in each hand, when a whip of brown caught my attention. No! I screamed inside of my head, knowing that if Audrey were there I wouldn't be able to think properly, I was having enough trouble as it was with Samuel being there. The head turned at its unnatural angle to stare at Audrey and he took a deep breath, his eyes fluttering as he did. Armed with a crossbow Audrey didn't hesitate to fire, but it didn't slow this thing down. He took deliberate steps towards her, like a hunter stalking its prey, backing Audrey further into the corner of the room. Every part of me screamed in agony as I could only assume what would happen if I continued to stand still. I took a step towards the monstrosity and I watched Audrey watch me over its shoulder, but the beast took no notice, I could tell he was consumed with the slamming of her warm and very much alive heart, I could feel it beating from where I stood clear across the room. Sweating hands took hold of my bare arms and I flinched. Taking my eyes from what had once been a man in front of me; I looked towards Samuel and motioned for him to close his eyes. Terrified he shook his head, and watched the winged creature gaining space on Audrey, I wonder how it was that he had such control over himself, I supposed he was like Frankie in that way, always a showman. I took two fingers and ran them down his face, over his eyes which closed out of instinct, but thankfully that remained that way. I took his other hand and put his fingers through the belt loop of my jeans, as I took more steps forward. Audrey had been hitting him with everything she had, and it had slowed significantly but such blood couldn't possibly be wasted just because of a little agony. I could remember those moments just as I could remember everything else, when blood was the only thing you strive for when blood was the most real thing you had felt in years. Even with his back to me, I could tell he was too bloodthirsty to quit. Samuel didn't protest as I pushed him towards the stairs that would lead to the cots where Elvis slept, his eyes flew to mine with a silent plea I didn't meet, and he moved into the shadows and down the stairwell. It paused in front of her, and tilted his head, opening its mouth as though to speak, but from its mouth came the most horrid of screams, too loud to comprehend, and so high that Audrey covered her hands and crumpled instinctively. Teeth bared, he advanced with a speed he didn't use before and I wondered if he could have moved like that all the time or if the knowledge of fresh blood gave him the strength. Either way it didn't matter, I would remember very little about those next few seconds. Later in life I would try and recall those moments, with nothing but flashes, feelings and smells. A flash of my own hands driving the knife into his slimy flesh, the feeling of ooze as it rolled over my fingers. The smelled of rancid human excrement, my second knife cutting across his throat very nearly severing his head from the rest, and more ooze all over my chest, and he dropped, limp like a rag doll at my feet. He smelled of blood, but it held no desire over me, nothing about blood was appealing in that moment. I opened my eyes and saw Audrey staring up at me, and I noticed she too had been sprayed in something black, looking down at my chest and arms I realized so was I. This things blood had been black. I dropped the knives, and could hear footsteps from a distance, but everything was underwater, everyone was moving slowly. Audrey was one her feet, and her arms were around me before I noticed or could react. I saw Elvis trying to keep Samuel from seeing anything, but the young boy's persistence and agility allowed him to sidestep Elvis with what appeared to be ease, before they both stopped dead in their tracks. Ignoring that Audrey and I were wrapped up in an embrace. Without words Elvis grasped the creature by its hind legs and drug it along behind him, Audrey moved to shield me from the sun that streamed in through the door Elvis had opened. Faintly a hissing sound from outside and I knew it was over. There was no telling how long we stood there, arms around each other, breathing deeply. Time didn't matter in that moment, but she would always be good at clouding my mind like that. All I would remember thinking mattered was that I could still hear the delicious beating of a very wet and healthy heart inside of her, churning out life by the second, and it was glorious. When we finally did manage to step away from each other, Elvis was there to eyes us scornfully, but say nothing of it. Just holding out a hand to us, the smell of that thing hit me again, and it made me cringe there was something about it that couldn't seem to sit right with me. \"We found this on him.\" He said turning it over, and wiping away from of the slime, making it recognizable to me. \"A tracking device?\" I asked, and Lionel nodded. \"Military used this tacit before within in first few years of the change. You let man go rouge and set him loose in a field, when you're hungry you can find humans better than anyone in the world. Only problem was that their rouges seemed to be a little to undiscipline to handle themselves around fresh blood, so they canned the experiments and set to hunting down humans like deer.\" \"You think the military is behind this?\" Audrey asked, but seemed convinced of this already. \"Well that's the other thing,\" Elvis held up his left hand, and dripping with black ooze, handing from a chain were a set of dog tags, \"Found em' in the ashes.\" \"This makes sense,\" I said to them, nodding my head and piecing it all together, \"It seemed like he had remarkable control over himself even when he was surrounded by all the smells of human flesh, he took the time to stalk Audrey make her feel scared, and he didn't have to, but he still managed to do it.\" Taking the tags from his hands I rubbed my thumb over the metal making the name visible. \"Donovan, Mycah,\" Lionel said without looking, clearly having already taken it upon himself to investigate, \"Mean anything to you?\" I stared down at the name in shock for a moment, \"Yes actually-I think-I know this man.\" Audrey stepped away from me, and only with the acknowledgment of its loss did I realize she had been holding my hand this entire time, \"What?\" \"Well, I knew him through Frankie. They were in the same battalion even before the change, he and Frank went to make the change together and when the military issued that any and all active soldiers make the change they kept all of them together. Something about the politics of its principal, I don't remember exactly why, but I'm sure it was him.\" \"This was a suicide mission, no one expected that boy to make it back alive. He knew it, his superiors knew it, and does walking into direct sunlight sound like the kind of thing this kid would sign up for?\" \"I don't know, like I said I didn't know him that well, he was Frankie's friend not mine.\" Nodding Lionel looked around at those who had woken and those who were watching them intently ready for answers, \"It's not safe here anymore, and we have too many people. I'm sure he could have smelled us a mile away even if he was bloodthirsty.\" \"He's' right,\" I said speaking directly to Audrey for the first time, because already she was shaking her head, telling me she wouldn't allow the group to be split up, \"We need to disbanded for the time being, set up a way to communicate with each other, without being in the same place.\" \"Like a command post.\" Lionel offered. \"Right,\" I agreed, and turned back to Audrey, \"Some places far off the grid that we could leave a set of people there long term, and have others pass through every so often to bring news, supplies, and thing like that.\" A war was waging inside her, I could see she knew Lionel and I were being reasonable, but she didn't want to leave anyone exposed for any length of time, but I knew she would side with Lionel and I, I couldn't tell you how, but I knew. Finally she nodded, and looked to the people around the room. \"Alright and where do you suggest we find this immaculate hide out? It took us almost seven months to find this place, and another three to make it livable,\" Audrey reminded Elvis, as she gestured about the winery, and he nodded at Edward confirming these statements, \"Where could we possibly go that is ready now?\" \"My house.\" I said suddenly, having thought it over, \"Well my old house, my mom's old place. I bought it after she died, it's being maintained, it's fully functional and livable, and it's about thirty miles out of town, far enough away that it was be a hassle to search, yet close enough that it is only moderately annoying to drive downtown.\" It was perfect. \"Okay so we have a place to stay, there are still arrangements to be made. Who would stay at this house?\" \"You, and Edward, it is his place after all.\" Lionel said like it was the simplest thing in the world. Audrey and I shared a look, before she shook her head, \"Why me?\" \"Well we can't very well kick Ed out of house and home, but no one here will go within on hundred miles of that place if it is just on vamp out there by himself, you calm these folks, they listen to you and they trust you. You trust him, they trust him. Monkey see, monkey do. You follow?\" She nodded, and glanced at me again, \"If I'm stuck there I need you out there, providing transportation. You're the only one I trust to do it besides myself.\" Lionel had the gall to look bashful at her praise, and she laughed. I could feel small eyes on me, and I turned to look at Samuel he had black spatter on his face, Audrey turned to look where I was concern instantly wrapping it's way over her features, she knelt beside him, and wetting a dishrag she had taken from an over turned table began to dab at the marks, \"Elvis,\" She said, and he turned to look at her, \"I am keeping him with me.\" Elvis nodded at her, and then at me, \"We have some other places to stash people, but we need to start by seeing that house of yours. You, me, Audrey and Sam will leave tonight so me and the rest of them can travel by day tomorrow. But for now, I think I'll head back to bed.\" He said stretching and yawning. \"Lionel,\" I asked, and he barely turned his head towards me without slowly his stride any, \"Do you think I'll be able to live with her?\" He smirked and shook his head lightly, \"I think you are gonna need a lot of luck.\"[Chapter 5] Edward walked silently down the old hallway, blocking out the memories this place held as best he could, focusing his attention on the voices he could hear coming from near the back of the house. As the volume of the two people rose he knew immediately where they were, and he halted outside of the doorway to Frankie's old bedroom. It had been changed since his brother had last seen fit to come home. The holes that had been punched and kicked into the walls in a fit of rage that their mother had been killed , were now filled with plaster and had been painted over with a chilled mint green color that Edward had thought was nice and gender neutral. This had been up until the point when the life he had so desired, had been ripped from his grasp without permission, or regret. A life filled to the brim with fabricated thoughts he was so sure would one day become fond memories, memories of a wife, of children running around this very house, the brown eyes he so desperately craved, yet still lacked, shining up at him, Sunday picnics, he could never have, because of it's obvious emphasis on Sun , the New York Times crossword puzzles filled up with black ink, visits with Uncle Frankie, and other family members he knew now, that he would long outlive. Samuel was lying in the new twin bed Edward had placed against the wall you face when you first enter the room, the dark forest green comforter that the decorator had told him complimented the walls nicely, was pulled up and tucked under his chin, and he was watching Audrey intently. She was speaking softly to him, and his eyes were beginning to droop, he flashed a look to Edward, his only indication that he had seen him at all was a twitch of an eyebrow, but Edward couldn't help but feel he had just been the recipient of a hearty goodnight. Audrey rose and kissed his forehead, and suddenly he was very jealous of the five year old boy, thought just for an instant, because Samuel turned his crooked smile to Edward, and rolled over curling his knees o his chest and settling in for the night. Audrey had to resist the urge to gasp, and clutch at her heart at the sight of Edward standing in the shadows, his eyes glowing and floating ominously in midair, but it wasn't as though he hadn't know he had sent her heart into a frenzy at the sight of him glowing in the darkness. He moved slightly to allow her room to pass by him, but only the space she positively needed, and not an inch more, he pulled on the handle and shut the door. He followed her back down the hallway without thought; he knew she would be heading for another bedroom, the back bedroom no one had ever needed to use. He should have turned as they passed the bathroom on the right, but he didn't, he should have let her be as he followed her past the doorway to the office space he had never found a use for, but he didn't, as they passed the archway that led to the sunken living room, Edward paused, looking over the high windows that were supposed to allow lots of natural light into the otherwise unremarkable room, which now had deep, dark shades bolted over them, leaving the room rather dreary, and even at times down right depressing to even the more optimistic of people. But his feet moved again, carrying him in the opposite direction of the one he should be traveling in. She turned all of the sudden and he stopped on the balls of his feet in order to keep room stumbling into her, and found himself swaying to a halt impossibly close to her face, and she flicked her eyes back and forth between both of his for several long moments. \"Thanks for letting us stay here.\" She said softly, and Edward nodded, content to just look at her for the next several millennia. Their conversation died a tragic and all together violent death, and neither made signs of reviving it, or even attempting to. She stood nose to nose with him for a long while, flicking her eyes back and forth between his, as they glowed florescent amber, his eyes, however, did not move, they had focused in on her lips and stayed there, he didn't need to look at the rest of her face to know it. He had, somehow, managed to memorize it long ago, the plains of her cheekbones, the curve of her ear, the bright eyes which always seemed to be thinking something or another, all of it he knew. Her lips twitched, and he was brought out of his daze. \"You're welcome.\" He said finally, and glanced at the doorway she had halted at, and she followed his gaze, as he fingers grazed the door handle, pushing lightly to open the door that had been left ajar. Ice blue walls, and crimson bed coverings, photos of Italy, Rome, Greece covering the walls. Pictures that Edward tried desperately to let no one know he had taken them himself. \"Goodnight.\" He said softly into her ear, the breath rushing across the back of her neck, Goosebumps sprang on her skin. Instantly he was flooded with the memory and feelings of the last time she had gotten Goosebumps because of him, and he had to curb the growl that rose in his throat. She gasped softly at the memory of it, and whirling around to face him, her fingers brushing his, which had come to rest on the doorjamb. They both stilled, and stared at each other, her fingers were warming his, and he was greedy for it. Ever since that morning, he had been pining for the warmth of humans, much the way he had when he was first turned, but he found that now, only one human's warmth would do. He could feel the slamming of her heart in the tips of his fingers as they met her palm. Audrey let out a rushed breath of air she seemed to have been holding for far too long, and the minty tinge of her breath hit him full on, and warmed his face, he moved closer unconsciously, leaning towards the warmth she provided. With a groan the self-control he had worked so hard on keeping around her, crumbled, and his arms were around her, pulling her flush against him, greedily stealing the warmth she so effortless flaunted. Sliding her arms around him, allowing him to freely take more than his fill of it, she let out another rush of hair she couldn't remember taking in the first place. His fingers were skirting her shirt, and meeting her raising flash, his mind seeking not blood as he would have thought, but warmth, the only thing he wanted from her was warmth. He had not truly been warm in almost ten years. Their embrace lasted longer the it should have, Edward knew this, but a voice from inside of him bellowed firmly that after eight years of solitude that this was his moment, and he could take it. Consequences be damned. This was the first time in a long time he would be selfish and take what he wanted. The thumb of her right hand was rubbing circles on his shoulder, and he found himself bowing and flexing his back in order to keep as much contact with that particular phalange as was possible. He arms suddenly tightened on him, and he froze. All his confidence left him, every meaningless word of control he had been telling himself meant nothing, he dropped his hands, and backed away from her, attempting to ignore the stab of sorrow that she hadn't tried to stop him this time. For a moment he had thought her wide eyes, and agape mouth were directed at him and his heart, had it still worked, would have sunken, leaving him with misery and despair for the rest of his infinite life. But she wasn't looking at him, she wasn't even standing in front of him anymore, she was moving beside him, taking something that hung just beside his left ear from the wall. A woman was smiling at the two of them. She had long brown hair, which was braided loosely, her skin was a warm and honey color, and she was beaming for the camera, her eyes squinted to try and shield the sun that was behind the taker of the photograph. Her eyes, which were visible only through the slits of his eyelids in this particular shot, Edward no longer needed a photograph o show him what they looked like. He had never quite forgotten these eyes. Unlike many things from his human life, that had become fuzzy, and without meaning so sequence. Her eyes were a wonder mixture of browns, and blues and hazels. Black as night rimmed the edges, but became the deepest of brows, until a starburst of blue so clear it made you want to dive into Hawaiian waters made a lazy circle, before become a softer brown the before. Audrey stared dumbfounded for a long while, \"You look just like her.\" She told him softly. Edward smile, remembering all the times he had been told this over his life, and for some reason he never found himself bothered being compared to his mother, after all she had done for him and his brother, it felt like there could be no greater compliment. She stared at the picture with thought etched across her features, and Edward had the urge to pull her back against his chest, wrapping his arms tightly around her, and find out what she was thinking about, but he knew he couldn't, and that he shouldn't. So he settled for rounding to stand in front of her, and stare over the top of the picture frame. \"What?\" He asked, taking his gaze from his mother to Audrey. \"How did you lose her?\" She asked quietly. Not looking up at him for fear she would find him angry at her questioning. But he wasn't, he was surprised, and when she finally brought herself to gaze at him, she found herself surprised that he was surprised at her question. \"How did you know I had lost her?\" He questioned, trying to recall if he had said anything to her, he made a point to think of his mother often, but speak of her very little. This kept the moments when he felt to urge to curl up into a fetal position, and cry for his mother to a minimum. \"I lost both of my parents, and I don't know. I guess I just recognize it.\" She said simply, looking away from him. \"I'm sorry about your parents.\" She smiled at him, and nodded, placing the photo back on the wall, she walked into the bedroom, and Edward couldn't have told you why. But again he followed her. Knowing full well he didn't really want to talk about his mother, but for some reason he wanted Audrey to know how kind and wonderful she had been. How loving and supportive a person she was. She sat on the edge of the bed and turned to face him, and patted the bed next to her. He sat carefully, feeling the mattress ease under his weight, and the air hissing out of it to allow room or the two no perched on it. He tried to think of where to begin, he hadn't talked about it in so long, he feared he might not be able to remember, but the concern and curiosity in Audrey's eyes compelled him to find a place and go from there. She found a more comfortable position leaning against the headboard, and watching him intently, as he flipped through his memories. \"My mother's dream as to have a vineyard, in the field out back, she and my father bought this home for the purpose actually, but it was my father's income that supported us enough to keep the house and food on the table, and clothes on our back. Then when he left, my mother couldn't do it anymore, she couldn't find a good enough job with enough flexible hours to be there, like she wanted to be, for two boys.\" He paused letting himself sink into his memories; he could see his father not bother to look back as he pulled away in his pickup truck. He could see his mother standing on the porch in the early hours of the morning, whispering words of comfort to herself, until Edward finally managed to coax her back inside. He could see Frankie waking only to find his mother in tears in the living room, and his brother staring out the window. \"She tried everything to make ends meet, keeping a steady job, taking odd jobs whenever she could find the time. But she got sick. So much so that a local shop owner finally took pity on us, and let me work on his cars for double minimum wage, but it wasn't enough. That was when the vampirism strain was first detected,\" His voice grew oddly cold and he clenched his hands at his sides, \"They started hauling in people by the truck full to get them to test it, 'Eternal Life Can Be Yours!' . They were paying people one hundred thousand dollars to take the drug, but there were risks. I tried to talk her out of it, and even once in a brave moment at fifteen, forbid her to go,\" He smiled at the memory of it, \"But she wouldn't listen, she said we needed her too much to let a silly little thing like cancer take her away forever.\" Edward glanced up at Audrey, she had her knees pulled into her chest, and her arms keeping the in place, her eyes dancing all over his face, taking his words and his memories effect on his expressions. \"They told us that my mother fell into the five percent of people who have such a severe rejection to the drug that they enter cardiac arrest. Apparently you weren't supposed to take the drug if you were taking any type of chemo therapy. But she lied and told them that she was in remission, and they gave it to her. Frankie and I were shipped off to live with my Aunt in Tacoma, and given a settlement of two million to make up for our loss.\" He finished, flexing his fingers idly, as they had been clenched for so long in fists it was getting hard to feel them. Her hand covered his arm, and suddenly what had seemed a spacious room before was uncomfortable small, and his skin was beginning to warm all over the places where her hands weren't, but he desperately wanted them to be. \"No wonder you didn't want to be turned.\" She said scooting closer to him. He wanted to tell her that she should be this close to him, but he couldn't find it within himself to tell her so. Just like he couldn't find it within himself to leave when they sat so long she finally curled up and fell asleep, but mostly like he couldn't find the will to stop himself from reclining back in the bed, and lying next to her, all night.[Chapter 6] Hey! I know it's been a while, but now I'm on Spring Break, and I will hopefully be bringing this stuff a bit quicker, but please bear with me, you guys have been so supportive, and super legit though this whole thing, I just had to get this one to you as fast as is vampiricly possible! Hopefully you all enjoy it, and don't forget to review please! Deuces! It had been four weeks since Samuel, Audrey, and Edward had moved into his families old home, they hadn't discussed the fact the Edward had lay awake beside Audrey all night, unless of course you counted the highly awkward moment when she awoke and looked him in the eyes, trying to decipher what exactly this was supposed to mean to her. But Samuel had burst in a ball of silent energy, dragging Edward to the kitchen, and conveying with his eyes that he couldn't go another moment without food. Now they had their routine in place. Breakfast, lunch and dinner fell to Edward, since he was the one who provided the most splendid meals, and he would watch with longing as the other two devoured his meals, but he could not partake of them himself. Audrey had offered on more than one occasion to take over the cooking, but Edward liked feeling like he wasn't just there for protection, cooking gave him a purpose, it mean for the hour or so that he was cooking, and the others were eating, he didn't have to deal with the memories of this place. But there were still moments when he couldn't contain them, and he would stand in from the stove for hours, remembering his mother, and his brother, until Audrey would find him, and he would smile at her, shake his head, and assure her nothing was amiss. Even though they both were well aware of his lies, she still let him them, and didn't press the issue. Edward was alone in the living room. Even though it was eerily dark, it was still the happiest place in the house for him. Audrey had Sam at the other end of the house doing the laundry; he could hear her telling him that the colors were okay, but not the whites or anything black. But it was background noise to his memories, he was still reeling from the night before, Samuel had entered his room late in the night, Edward was pacing, preparing himself for the shipment that Elvis was bringing tomorrow. He was bringing food, blood, and two people that would be picked up the following morning, and taken to a safe location ten miles from here. He had been so distracted that he hadn't heard his approach, and he spun around wildly as the door opened. In his hand had been a book, and he held it out to Edward, had his heart been anything but dead, it would have clenched in agony at the moment, as he remembered his brother. He used to read Frankie bedtime stories, once their mother was too exhausted to do more than fall into bed when she got home, that was of course when she was still coming home early enough to see them off to bed. He had read them so much that by the time Frank was seven and a perfectly spectacular reader he would still knocked tentatively upon his door each night, and ask him to read the stories to him, but Edward would impress his bother by not needing to read the books any more but recite them from his memory. It had always haunted Edward the night that he didn't read Frankie his books anymore. The day had gone all right, no problems at school, no problems at home, no particularly nasty fights to speak of during the course of the day, but that night Edward had been just on the cusps of fourteen, and he still can't tell you why, because he loved reading his bothers those books. But he snapped, Frankie had knocked on his door, asking as usual for the story, and Edward had snapped. \"You're ten-years-old Frank!\" He had shouted at him, pushing him out of his room, \"You can read just fine, you can probably recite it now too I've read it to you so many times! Why can't you just read it yourself!\" He had then promptly cut off Frankie, by slamming the door in his face. Trying to pretend that the image of tears welling in Frankie's eyes wasn't what kept him awake that night. But he couldn't really say that was entirely true, because he knew within his heart that the opposite was true of him. He could hear Frankie in the next room, he was throwing things around his room, his brother got like this when he was angry. Ever since his father had left, Frankie didn't know what to do with his anger, at least that what their school counselor had concluded, she said they should send Frankie to a professional, but they had neither the desire nor the funds to do this. Sending Frankie to a stranger to talk about things he would even tell Edward seemed like a gigantic waste of money. Something came hard against the wall that separated Frankie's from Edward's and then the house was silent. It hadn't seemed like enough time had gone by yet, for his brother's anger to be gone. Pulling the covers off of himself, Edward walked towards the room, standing outside of it for several moments, his fist hovering in front of the door, in case he got the courage to knock on it. He found it within himself, and knocked twice, nothing happened. He knocked again, as he grasped the knob and turned it slightly, giving Frankie the chance to scream at him to go away, which would have suited Edward just fine, because he hated seeing his brother like this and being helpless to stop it. But again, nothing happened. Fear rose inside Edward's chest, when it came to Frankie and his temper, something always happened. The door opened, and Frankie was on his knees, sweat was pouring off of him in waves that came without apparent end, Edward came towards him, surveying the room, holes were in the plaster, a lamp lay broken on the floor, and the stories Frank had wanted only an hour ago, were ripped to shreds and crumpled further still, lying discarded in the corner of his room, near the foot of his bed. Edward knelt beside his brother and tried to offer him a consoling hand, but Frankie reacted in a way Edward would have never thought possible. He screamed, not a word, just the noise, and back away from him, pushing with his feet trying desperately to get away until he met the edge of his bed, and found himself an acceptable distance from his brother. It was now Edward noticed that Frankie's knuckles were bleeding, he looked at the holes in the wall, and he now noticed the blood that was there too, he had never known his brother to inflict pain upon himself when he was anger, just take out aggression on things that couldn't fight back, like lamps, or books. But now he had hurt himself, and from the amount of blood, he had hurt himself badly, and he wasn't even reacting, he was still pounding the floor softly, trying to curb his anger and not attack his brother as well. \"Frank, I'm sorry, I didn't read you the story.\" Edward told him, with as much sincerity as Edward had ever offered another person in his life. \"I don't care!\" He spat back at him, \"I hate you!\" Edward knew he was speaking out of anger, but he couldn't deny his brother even saying it without meaning stung him very effectively, \"No, Frankie you don't, you're just mad.\" He told him calmly, somewhere inside of his head he knew his brother wasn't going to listen to reason, but it was the only thing Edward knew anymore. \"Yes I do, you're done with me just like dad!\" Frankie stood and pushed past him, running out of the room, Edward should go after him, he had heard the front door open and slam, but he was rooted to the spot. His mother rounded the corner and looked about the room, her face falling. \"What's happened?\" She asked, coming to stand next to him, \"Where's your brother?\" Edward shrugged, and pointed to the front door, which, he now saw, hadn't actually closed, it was swinging back open wide, and revealing a small figure kicking up dust behind him, as he ran like his life depended upon it, and his mother gasped, not bothering with shoes or the fact that she was only half decent, and took off after him. His head was swimming, was he really so much like his father? No of course not! So he didn't want to read his little brother a stupid bedtime story, that didn't mean he was going to walk out when the moment was right. Did it? Back from his memories, he took the book from his hands, and read from it. He remembered the book as clearly as he had at thirteen, but still h held the book in front of him, and Samuel let his eyes drop several times, for increasing periods of time, until he finally dropped them, and didn't open them again. Edward placed the book on his bedside table, and laid his head back against the wall. He wanted to cry, it had been so long he had last cried, he thought his might not remember how, but he got the feeling in his head, and tingles rushed across his face, stopping at his eyes as they started to prick little tiny pinpricks of pain, that would turn into tears. Even though his mother had caught Frankie and brought him back to the house, and they had apologized and made up, never again did Edward read him another story, for any reason, he had always written it off as his brother growing up. But now he wondered if that was truly the moment, when he had lost his brother. So whatcha guys think? Whatcha feeling? Yes? No? Do you like the back story on Edward, would you rather I leave it out, remember ladies and gentlemen, I am only here to serve you up a piping hot meal of badass story! So read and review let me know what you want, and I shall deliver in thirty days or less! (Hopefully :])[Chapter 7] What's up you guys! I'm back, and I hope I am better then ever! Here for you is my twisted mind toying with the lives of these completely amazing, yet totally imaginary, and sadly borrowed people, (and vampires :]) So I give to you chapter 7 and don't forget to read and review, every time you do a fairy gets his/hers/their wings! Isn't that exciting :D Elvis pulled the car up in front of the house, the sun was setting, but there was still enough daylight outside to make the others he was carting around feel comfortable. Well, as comfortable as two humans could possibly be when staying with a vampire. They had been fidgeting in the backseat since the beginning of the car ride, passing each other glances of discomfort and nervous energy filled the car, he wanted to tell them they weren't being discrete, but what good would it do? Why not let them feel they have their secret language all to themselves? He put the car in park, and opened his door, rounding to the back of the car to unload the supplies. Audrey had opened the door, and stepped out to help, glancing just inside the shadows, where he knew Edward to be. He had tried to make it later in the day, because he knew Edward would want to help with the heavy boxes, but it hadn't panned out, his guests had been so nervous to travel after dark, he had been forced to leave while the sun was still high. Audrey struggled to get a box to the front door, and he saw for the barest moment a hand come out of the deep shadows, but retreat almost instantly. The boy had it bad. He felt for Edward, he wanted so desperately to be human; it wasn't fair what had happened. Elvis tried to think of the past very little, he knew it was foolish to dwell on it, because it had already happened, and there was no way to change it. But for some reason, after the last conversation with the boy, he hadn't been able to get it out of his head, turned without question, without thought as to what would happen after it was done, by his own brother. There was still the look of protection and love in his eyes when he spoke of Frankie, and Elvis envied his forgiveness, and his acceptance. He liked to think he would be there in the same way for his family, but he knew that it wasn't so; Edward was in a league of his own. The last box was placed safely inside of the house; he turned to find the humans still inside of the van, peering cautiously out the windows. Edward's eyes glowing in the darkness were something they were going to get used to, at least until tomorrow morning. He made his way back to the car, and opened the door, motioning for them to step out. Which they did, hesitantly, and after another two coxing gestures, and an exasperated sigh. They were husband and wife, with a chip cut particularly deep on their shoulders, after their daughter got herself turned, and in mid explanation for her actions, lost control and attacked them. They walked slowly to the home, and Elvis was sure the only reason they were moving was because they could see the sun setting, and their combined fear was pulling them to safety. He didn't really care what got them in the house at that point, as long as they stayed put once they were there. \"Well,\" He called inside, as Audrey shook the man's hand, and held the door open for them, \"I'm off, Micah I'll be along in the morning to get them with the others.\" He waved, and the door shut, it was silent outside, he could see the sun dropping out of sight over the hill, and he studied the grounds, he had never actually looked at the house. There was a field out behind it and he remembered Edward telling him about his mother's desire for a vineyard, and he knew this would be the perfect place for it. Lots of warm nights, that got a bit chilling in the evenings, like the cool nights of summer, perfect for lemonade filled glasses. There were stepping stones leading to the back of the house, and he could see the edges of a garden, and what looked like an in ground pool. Small, but enough to satisfy two boys. He opened the door, climbed inside, and even strapped himself in before he realized it. There was something off, something was amiss, there was something different about the air, the way it smelled, the way it tasted, it was different but he couldn't not tell how it was. Elvis squinted at the house, trying to decipher if it was something about the house that was changing. But it looked the same. Large Aztec style home, with a red front door, four windows facing the outside, but you couldn't see in. His father had told him, that windows are like people souls, when they want you too you can see right into them, but when they don't all you have is an illusion to the inside of their heart. But he drove away, he would never forgive himself for it, but he drove off. Down the dust of the driveway, and turned the corner, the house disappearing from view, even though he let his gaze linger on the rear view mirror where the house had just been before. Then he let it slip from his mind, brushing it off, as if it was simply his imagination. Back inside of the house all was quiet, Edward and Audrey had decided that Samuel should stay in his room for the time that they had guests, they were on edge enough with a vampire in the house, they didn't need the imaginations of their guests running wild with possibilities of why it is Samuel doesn't speak. Edward had retreated with the bags to separate rooms of the house, and returned to his own room, feeling like he would love nothing more than to flop down on his bed, and sleep for the next several days. Feeling unwelcome, and even worse unwanted in his own home, took a lot out of him. Upon entering however, the sight before him had him wide awake. Audrey looked over at him, and shifted on the corner of his bed to face him better. He stuttered in his head, trying to come up with something to say, and everything he came up with seeming even worse than the last one that fluttered through his mind. \"Hi.\" He said suddenly, resisting the urge to now run from the room, find the nearest place with sun light, and bask in it until he was no more. But she smiled, relieved that he had given her an opening to say something, \"Hi.\" She said back. Their conversation lapsing back into silence. As she looked about his room. It was strange they had been here three weeks, and she had never been in her before now, and she had sat there for ten minutes and did little else but play with her pinky finger, she hadn't taken the time to look around and explore. Now that he was standing before her, and it was the exact wrong time to start examining his things, it was all she could seem to do. A lifetime seemed to pass, and when she glanced back at the doorway, she found the door closed and vacant, Edward came to stand in front of her, and he seemed to tower over her, casting her face deeper into the shadows of the room. He came to take the seat beside her, his thigh brushing hers, and maintaining contact until the ankle where his curved away from hers. \"The only other room available was my room.\" She told him quietly, hoping he would understand her explanation, and not offer her the couch, which would be the perfectly right thing to do, but she found herself testing the waters with him, she wanted to know without being told, whether or not, this was all one sided. Edward nodded slowly, and looked at her, he was always seeming to do that lately, look straight at her, like he didn't care if she caught him anymore, like he wanted her to catch him now, \"You can stay in here,\" The only functioning heart in the room, stopped, and for a breath of a moment they were the same, frozen in time, not moving not breathing not living, but his next statement caught her so off guard, that she was brought back to life much too early, \"I don't mind to stay on the couch.\" He stood. Her next movements were unplanned, and went unnoticed by herself for the span of three seconds. But the moment that her fingers wrapped around his hand, feeling slammed back into her like a house falling directly on top of her sensory system. She felt her thigh chilling from where his had left hers, goosebumps racing up the backs of her arms, and spreading to her entire body, his fingers tightening around hers, and a rush of air and he spun back towards her so quickly, it was like he had never turned at all. \"You can't leave!\" She said so desperately, that her voice cracked in the process, Edward stared confusion in his eyes masking something that burned behind his irises, \"I mean-\" She stopped and tried to find a way to recover her fumble, a class A way of doing that would be to regain proper thought and drop his hand, but his fingers were holding hers, and his thumb was moving microscopically across her knuckles, and she knew that she wouldn't, \"I can't very well kick you out of your own room. You are already being treated like a virus by those people down stairs, and don't want to take this place from you as well.\" She told him gesturing to the bed, and regretting it immediately. Just being alone with him was enough to send her into overdrive, but now she was touching him, and they were both staring at his bed. He nodded to her sympathy, \"It really doesn't matter, and I won't be sleeping anyway.\" He said, offering her a smile that at first glance could have been charming, but she looked at him long enough to find the sadness within it. This fact about him being brought back to her immediate attention, sent memories flooding through her, about the first time she had touched him, and heat shot though her system, and somewhere within it, she found logic, and cunning, \"But if you stay downstairs, what if one of the Jones' gets up, and sees you lying awake downstairs, they would head for the hill the moment they laid eyes on you.\" Audrey patted herself on the back, she knew that the humans that would be passing through here were vital to his gaining the trust of the rest of the group, and he would go through hell and high water not to destroy his chances with them. Edward tilted his head to the side, she was right, he could only imagine the panic those people must be in at this moment, and he knew his eyes glowing in the darkness could be unnerving. He was at war with himself, the vampire part of him, which he told himself was minor at best, was screaming it's protest at this, it was dangerous for him to be alone in the same room with this woman while others were out of earshot, he knew that his staying with her all night several weeks before had been reckless, and he had promised himself he wouldn't put her in harm's way, especially because of himself. But the human part of him, wanted her body heat, he longed to share a bed with another person, especially this person, this woman, whose fingers gently wrapped around his was driving him to the brink of insanity, his thumb was tracing invisible patterns on her knuckles and he couldn't bring them to stop, if just his fingers on her could do this to him, he didn't was to admit that he wanted to imagine what her warmth filling his sheets would do to his self-control. He wanted to tell himself that he had weighed all of the options before he was to a decision, but he knew that it was a bold faced lie at best. He wanted to tell himself that this was an okay decision, but he knew that it was irresponsibly at best and downright dangerous at worst. \"If you slept on the couch, then you would be all sore and stiff in the morning, and I can't help you with those boxes, and who knows if Micah will offer to help.\" He said, intently watching their fingers, which had somehow moved, and his was inching towards he palm, and hers to his. Audrey nodded at his statement, hoping rising within her, \"And the Jones' will be so relieved to leave, I bet they won't even stop to offer their help.\" Edward nodded to her, \"So you'll stay in here tonight.\" \"So I'll stay in here.\" She willed her voice not to hitch at the thought. Tonight was the night, she would receive answers, tonight she would find out if he was letting her stay because he was being the gentleman she already knew him to be, or if he was letting her stay because he wanted her to stay. So there it is folks, I just want to take this opportunity to tell you all how much your praise and reviews mean to me, each one of you has a special place in my heart for all of the kind things you say. Now that the sap is finished :) We can move on to my begging you for reviews because my heart sings when I get the email I got a new one! So please, please, please, Read and review![Chapter 8] He paced back and forth like a caged animal. He had seen a documentary on the Bengal Tiger once, and a tigress took long strides to and fro, just as he did now, as a British or perhaps Australian voice over told him how she paced with deep thought. How anyone had known this information about a tiger he hadn't known, but it seemed silly to think of now. As a woman, a tigress in her own right lay in his bed fast asleep. Her heart rate had slowed to the sleeping crawl he had become accustomed too from his time at the winery. She had been out for eighteen minutes, thirty four seconds and counting. Edward ran an unsteady hand though his hair and turned his gaze back to her, wondering briefly what she was dreaming of. He remembered the last time he had dreamed anything, or had been anywhere near sleep for that matter. He would have his last dream the night Frankie had turned him. The disorientation coupled with his lack of oxygen due to the gaping holes in his neck, and perhaps even the loss of blood had put him in a haze. He had then \"dreamt\", if you could even call it that, of a memory he had not known was still in his possession. Edward had entered his home, lazily unbuttoning his shirt, pulling the tails slowly out of his pants. The blinking of his answering machine throwing red, blurred shadows on the wall, for the barest of moments he thought of leaving it until later. The fatigue of the day was beginning to weigh him down like sandbags on his shoulder, and he wanted to sleep desperately. He could already feel the cool of his sheets around his bare back and shoulder, his knees curled tight to his chest, his own soft, slow breathing lulling him to his slumber. But abruptly he thought of his mother. He hadn't spoken to her in over a week. Her treatments took a lot out of her and she couldn't always muster the energy to call. But when he thought of moving another muscle without hearing her voice, a wave of homesickness rolled itself over in his stomach, and he felt sick. Taking long strides towards the machine, he thumbed the play button for a moment as another person crossed his mind. Fraknie. His brother was often calling him with his problems. Edwards hadn't seen the need to mind before, they had been few and far between in the beginning and he had taken it down as harmless. Then as the problems began piling up, he stuck with him out of a familial loyalty their father had never seemed to possess. But he had reached his wits end with his baby brother, though the love he possessed for him was strong, his patience was worn so thin you could see though it like glass. Deciding he'd chance it, he pressed. Taking the last button out of its hole as a friendly woman inside of his machine told him dates and times he never paid attention too. In the twenty three years since he had been taking off shirts each night never before had gotten caught in one, until that night. His fingers twisted at odd angles, and his elbow suddenly grew a mind all on its own and began operating like a child with an RC. When his brother's voice filled his ears, outwardly sighing and tipping his head back, he jerked furiously at his shirt, begging it just to rip and free him from his entanglement. But to no immediate avail. As he stopped struggling so heatedly and the sound of unrippable fabric, not ripping died away, he heard not embarrassment, not pleading in his brothers voice, but terror. Pure terror he hadn't heard since his brother had almost drowned in their pool when they were only kids. Carefully he maneuvered out of his button down with suddenly corporative elbows; he dropped it to the ground and hammed a forefinger into the rewind button. His brother's voice rang out in the small alcove one more. \"Ed! Oh my God! It killed her! I just ident...It killed her! They said it was safe, those bastards! You have to...I can't do this! Please come!\" The message cut out, as though the phone had been dropped or thrown or smashed, he couldn't be sure which. But fear sunk into the pit of his stomach, and he grabbed hold of his wife beater hoping to calm the waves crashing in his stomach, but it did nothing. His brain was in a fog, he couldn't think of his brother's number to call. He would think later the only reason that he left with keys in his hand was out of a deep seeded routine, which even when your world might very well be crashing down around you was still ever present. Mindlessly he drove; it was considered by him a miracle that he had even made it there uninjured. He wanted to take a moment to compose himself before he saw his brother; he wanted to ask him calmly to explain what was going on. He wanted to give a calm response to whatever news he got and be able to think rationally about the situation, he wanted to learn of his mother's health. But none of his desires were met this night. He sprinted from his car into the complex, not bothering to close either door as he tore inside Frankie's apartment. His brother sat on the floor of his kitchen, knees to his chest, eyes red, blood vessels obviously burst and beginning to swell shut. But he looked through his blood shot eyes at his brother towering over him frozen time, hands at his sides clenching and unclenching absentmindedly. His eyes dropped again and he didn't bother to pretend he wasn't about to begin a fresh bout of weeping. Edward knelt next to his brother, letting his hand hover above his head, and for a fraction of a moment, Edward was sure that he would pull away from him, as he had done when their father left, physical touch had never been a strong point in his life, mostly of his own doing, and eventually everyone else stopped trying. But he surprised even himself by leaning forward and reaching for him. Edward sat, back up against his brother oven, eventually getting him to go to sleep. Cracks had been spreading through Edwards heart from the moment his brothers message played at his home, as he traveled on the road lost in another world, they spread, holding his brother, putting off his own grief, so that his brother could recover and move on with his life. But now deep grooves dug themselves out, and finally with a deafeningly crack his heart finally broke, separating from its lifelong partner eternally. In a way it was a relief, to know that because it had now broken nothing else could hurt it. He and Frankie were now bound together never to be torn apart. It would be equal and they could rely on each other. He drifted off that night, thinking of this, and he felt one last crack break painfully, as though it knew already of his brother's imminent betrayal. His memories dissolved steadily like ice in the heat of summer, and he found himself standing next to the bed his fingers absently stroking Audrey's flesh in a soothing way. Though still in slumber, her heart beat had risen and was pounding deafeningly in his ears. Her shoulder, which was currently trapped beneath his palm, was curling up and inward towards his touch. Feeling returned to his body in a rush, as did conscious thought which had seemingly left his momentarily high and dry. His hand left her shoulder as though it were sunlight. But his swiftness to cease contact with her completely, he knocked off the lamp he had never had true use for. But now its purpose seemed to be putting him in a very compromising position as it shattered on his wooden floor. Roughly awoken from her slumber, Audrey pushed her tangled brown tresses from her hair and looked up at him carefully. Her heart raced like she had been running, and her breath came out in harsh wheezes. He stared down at her face and eyes never wavered from the other. Her face was soft and relaxed from sleep, and was just beginning to get pink in her cheeks as the blood flow caught up with the unannounced pace of her heart. \"Hi.\" He said shifting uneasily from foot to foot, each equally uncomfortable to stand on at that moment. \"Hi.\" Edward's resolve began to crumple; sleep lingered in her voice, making it scratch in the most delicious ways. Propping herself up on her hands, she surveyed what she could see of the room through the light in the bathroom, and she noticed the carpet disturbed where he had been pacing, finally she eyes him again, \"Can't sleep?\" She asked, offering him a smile. Relief flooded him, and he found it easy to laugh at her joke, \"Something like that,\" He nodded and sat down on the edge of the bed, his lower back brushing against her back, and each pretending that they didn't feel the jolt of electricity race throughout them, \"Sorry I woke you.\" She waved away his apology with her right hand, \"Forget it.\" She meant this because, she hadn't ever intended to fall asleep, how was she supposed to get answers to her pressing questions conked out next to him, very much awake. She rolled deftly over, onto the side he had been laying on, and reveled in the chill of the sheets, and got a fresh cold side of the pillow, but Edward wasn't paying attention to the euphoria on her face. All he had noticed was the shirt they had decided she would wear for the evening, was a V-neck, lower on her then he was sure it was ever on himself, nearly see through, and she wasn't wearing a bra. Abruptly he thought this was a bad idea, and the best thing that had ever happened to him all at once. He slid underneath the sheets, and fought a groan as he realized she had also eighty-sixed the pants. Her eyes caught his, which had just been watching him, watching her legs. Audrey smiled, and lay on her back, the covers hovering somewhere below her belly button, just above the end of his shirt, and he wanted to cringe. One thing was for certain, she wouldn't be falling asleep anytime soon.[Chapter 9] So I keep trying to have this updated, I'm afraid I'll never be able to have it up weekly, too much plotting to do, too many things I tweak and change, you wouldn't believe how anal I am about these types of things. But here it is I really did try and make it timely, but it didn't really work out, but I have it up. Thanks to all of those who have stuck with me, and a big thanks to those that are new to the game and reviewed my earlier chapters (big smiles!) and great big, fat, mad thank you to those that will review this chapter! The heat still lingering in the sheets had put Edward in a very compromising position. He let his back sink into her heat, and a groan he thought he had let die in his throat, ended up coming out as a growl. Audrey had been lying back, fingering the white cotton of his comforter for some time now. Edward had tried to say something, to end his agony, but he couldn't it would lead to things that had already been taken too far. Pacing for once had done someone some good, he realized that he had been playing with fire when it came to Audrey, and he had crossed some very nasty boundaries. She had honed in on a short piece of thread and had just enough to wrap it twice around her forefinger, before she would let it go. He noticed now how small her hands were, as far as hands go. It was natural that as a man he would have larger hands then hers, that was just genetics, but looking from where his hand rested on his chest, to her own splayed out and playing with a piece of string, he was astounded at the difference. He sank lower into the depleting reservoir of heat, as he thought about how his would threaten to completely absorb hers should their hands ever meet, and for some reason intertwine with one another. This thought was a sucker punch to the gut; he had no time or lead in to prepare for the thought that followed. He would never hold her hand; he could never allow it to happen. Just looking at the difference in size of their hands, shocked him back into a startlingly clear version of his reality. She was fragile. More than then because she was a human, there was something about her that simultaneously broke down parts of your heart, and kicked you in the gut at the same time, but she had no idea, because if she did she could never be so kind. So warm and tender hearted. Power over people like that hardens people's exterior long after their interior. Wrapping the thread differently, he understood she meant to break it, and achieve with his comforter what she was trying to do with all people, rid it of its imperfections. But as she tugged nothing happened, the thread didn't budge, but this was in no way a determent. She managed to wrap her finger tighter, twisting his comforter awkwardly, and he was forced to look away, as it lifted and he caught a brief sight of what lay beneath it. He closed his eyes, and willed himself to forget he had ever seen that, but he knew the attempt was laughable, he could have a lobotomy and remember that moment. She gasped beside him, and he felt the blood of her blush rushing to her face, Edward sighed and turned back to find that instead of snapping the thread, she had pulled in that perfectly imperfect way, which you always risk when removing loose strings from fabric, ripping more threads out, and lengthening the infected strand. Her hands cupped her mouth, and her cheeks were stained red, shaking her head quietly, looking him dead in his eyes. Simultaneously apologizing, wishing it didn't happen, and pretending it didn't. But it made him smile none the less, but smiling suddenly wasn't enough. The horrified look she had on her face due to some old sheets he had found when they arrived made it too amusing for a mere smile, chuckle, chortle or giggle. He laughed. For the first time in a long time, he was given the gift of a moment of laughter, not for sarcasm or snarks sake, but for the genuine innocent humor of the moment. Euphoria and dopomine washed over him, as he sank down to lie on his back, and let waves of pleasure wash over him, Audrey smiled at first, tucking a strand of hair nervously behind her ear, and wondering if when he stopped laughing he was going to hold her in silent contempt for ruining his comforter. But then she lost all of her doubt, and all of her shame. Because he was laughing. It was beautiful and deep, and you could tell he was one of those people who laughed from their soul, which was a bright and warm place to be. His hands clutched at his sides, and he closed his eyes, his smile reaching across the planes of his face, and awakening it in places she hadn't known were there before. When he opened his eyes, the glowing amber had somehow diminished, and it looked like there were spots of warm honey dark molasses coming through. His laughter died, but his smile remained, and his eyes closed again, as he chuckled a few more times. Audrey bit her lip, and wondered if she dared go through with her thought. Her right hand poised over his face, she wondered if he could sense its presence, and was pretending that it wasn't there, hoping it would go away, or if he was oblivious to it, or if he was never able to sense it at all. These were the things she always ended up asking herself when it came to him. He let out a deep breath, and it rushed over her fingers giving them tingles with the chill tinge it possessed. She dropped her hand an inch, and her pointer finger brushed the top of his ear, which she noted looked perfectly human. His eyes flew with panic to hers, and he turned, her finger now grazing his cheekbone. Her heart was going array, but the fact that he didn't immediately jerk away gave her confidence. She let her fingers travel lower, down his cheek, and under the lobe of his ear, she cupped his cheek. Edward sighed, he wanted this, he wanted it more then he would have ever been able to tell her, even if he sued the rest of her life, and his own. She was warm and living, kind and caring, beautiful and she was right here, ready. His hand cupped hers, trying to tug it away from his face, as it was searing. But she wouldn't budge, her hand gripped him tighter, and she moved closer. \"Audrey.\" He said softly, and she stopped moving to look at him, \"We can't.\" He almost didn't get the words out through his shivers. Her forefinger was drawing circles on the nape of his neck, just inside his hair line, \"Yes we can.\" Edward could hear the sleep in her voice, as she moved closer, and suddenly he found his lower half being covered in warmth, and he rolled away from her and took her hands firmly. They had both known that if he had wanted too he could stop her at any point, but the warmth made it hard to think of anything but her heart pumping out the hot blood. Now it had to stop. \"No, I can't.\" Her eyes dropped, to their hands, which were coming dangerously closer to touching, and she sighed turning her hand away from his, he instantly felt the loss, but he understood. She turned her back on him, and he felt his immoveable heart breaking, but still he deserved it. He realized that it could seem like he had been playing with her, he never would have but things are often not seen for what they really are. Abruptly, the warmth returned, and he found Audrey's back, and more shockingly her backside, pressed up against him. All of his nerve endings screamed, but he fought them down. Just when he thought he was safe, there she was putting them both in danger. He knew, even though he would never admit it, that he was lying to himself when he said that there was nothing he could do. There were a million things he could do, the least of which was simply get out of bed. But he knew that he wouldn't get out of bed, he knew that he also wouldn't move, Audrey turned and caught his wrist and brought it down around her side, and he bit back a moan. Who said a little danger ever hurt anyone anyway? Yeah! So what did you think. Too much? Too little? Please tell me, I'm a complete work-in-progress (see what I did there). Thanks again for reading through, and you know what come after reading? Reviewing! I know it goes without saying, but for some reason I fell like some of you out there, keep forgetting the second part. But I love you all anyway :) Please please please please review! That was four more 'please's' then necessary, reward my efforts![Chapter 10] Happy New Year! Another year has left us, oh where does the time go? It is insane to think that another year is gone, giving birth to itself again, so reincarnation exists on some level at least :) Think about it. But briefly. Here is chapter ten, I know long awaited, but hopefully highly anticipated, and even better loved chapter ten for all of you lovelies out there who like my stuff. Enjoy. She was smiling at him again, she could feel it, and his left eye was twitching, slightly, yet uncomfortably. Edward pulled at the skin surrounding the corner of his eyes taunt in an altogether hopeless effort to relax the spasmodic muscles there. Momentary relief gateway to more involuntary and aggravated pace of the twitching. He turned to look at her, but she quickly looked away, smiling and grasping his mother's necklace between her fingers. She had found it two days ago at the bottom of his bathroom rubbish bin. Presenting it to him had only brought all of the reasons he had thrown it away in the first place to the forefront of his mind. Like how he was the one to give it to her in the hospital, the hospital she had spent the last two years of her life in. The one that told him and Edward they would save her, they wouldn't let her die on them. How she hadn't been wearing it when she died, but clutching it, close to her suddenly still heart. He chocked trying to keep them from dragging him back into the dead and empty world he had lived in, in the years immediately after he had let Frankie get over his own grief. Something he wasn't particular proud of, but there it was. Literally, it was swinging lightly to and fro in front of his face, and just behind it were brown eyes staring at him with curiosity shining back at him. He had attempted to shrug it off, pretending he didn't remember where the necklace had come from, or how it had come to be in his lavatory bin. But she let the necklace swing at her side, and fixed him with a withering look of disappointing. Not wasting a moment she grabbed at his wrist, pulling him along behind her. Stopping outside of the room that had once belonged to him in his childhood, and then Audrey, before she had begun to sneak into his room each night to sleep there. Standing in front of the wall and looking up at him. Edward's mother was staring at him. It was one of his favorites of her. She had a small quiet smile on her face. Eyes open and bright with the innate curiosity that had diminished later in her life, sitting crossed legged on the ground and looking like she had never been happier in her entire life. He chose to forget it was his father taking the picture; it had been him who made her look like that. This picture was exactly how he preferred to remember her. Healthy, glowing, and happy. He took in why it was that Audrey had brought him here, around her neck and tangled in her long, tan fingers, the necklace. Blue, white, black and red. Beads and colored stone, all strung in a pattern you noticed, but couldn't precisely place. It had taken some convincing, but finally she had agreed to keep it. As of now he didn't think she had even taken it off. He smiling at it now, and hooked a finger around the chain, pulling on it lightly, and Audrey found that she was twisting her neck letting the warm part glide easily off and bringing a chilled area to the nape of her neck. They were staring at one another, and Ed gently tugged at the chain bringing her closer to him. Obliging him, she moved her entire chair around to his side and suddenly her knee was brushing the inside of his thigh and Edward had the good sense to end their game. Dropping the necklace and her gaze, rubbing at his eyes only to give himself something else to do but dwell on the fact that again he couldn't do anything about the ideas in his head. He felt Audrey's fingers at the tips of his hair, which was almost reaching his shoulders now, and he moved his hands away from his face looking at her again, finding her staring at her fingers instead of at him. Which he found a blessing because his eyes were closing as he tried with a certain desperation he would never admit too, to try and get his head to stop spinning, because it was making it terribly difficult to breathe. He was too close. Her fingers were inching closer to his scalp and he knew it should stop, but it wasn't until the first nail scraped just behind his ear that he pulled back, her hand made to follow him, but he covered her wrist with his hand stopping it. He held it there for a moment, stuck if he left it go as he should she would only go for it again, and if she got a hold of him, it would certainly be the last time she ever had to. He would be hers that would be the end of it. But if he held her hand in his, it would change things, it would make holding her hand a memory in his mind, the feeling of it grasped however lightly there would be forever with him, and to try and keep himself from doing it again, might just kill him completely. Audrey wasn't content to sit there, but the look on his face told her to hold still, and she couldn't bring herself to go against something that seemed so important to him. Finally he looked at her hand for what felt like the first time, bringing his eyebrows together on his face and turning her hand over, her palm face up. Carefully he covered it with his own, and she sighed, he was holding it between both of his and brought it rest on his knee. He had been right, even with only one hand covering it, you could hardly tell her hand was there at all. For moments they didn't say anything, or could, never knowing how many moments was both a blessing and a curse. But eventually he looked up at her, tiling his head in her direction, and smiling as he felt his hair brushing over the tops of his shoulders, \"Do you know how to cut hair?\" Her grin was wicked and he was begging that the only thing wicked that would happen was the smile. \"A couple more days and I was going to strap you to a chair myself,\" The thumb that had been drawing circles froze, and every muscle in his body tightened as he looked at her, Audrey's jaw dropped and she stammered incoherently for a few moments, before her mouth remembered she had a brain that knew words that could help her here, \"Haircut...I was going to make you get a haircut...that was all.\" She smiled at him carefully, and took her hand from his, her face suddenly warmer than she thought it should be, and judging by the look on his face, he knew it. They both stood suddenly backing away from the other, Audrey's hand grabbed for the necklace and Edward found his hands deep in his pockets. \"Can you?\" He asked, ducking his chin to his chest as his voice suddenly raised several crucial octaves. \"I can give it a shot, that's about as good as you'll get out here.\" She gave him a rueful smile which he managed to return for a bare moment. Samuel rounded the corner, taking in the two adults whose gazes shot to him abruptly. He stood wide-eyed and prone, darting his eyes from one pair of eyes to the other, his shoulders relaxing and he let a brief but genuine smile dominate his face. He had grown since they came here; it had been three months ago and already they had relocated over a dozen groups to safe houses. It turns out Elvis could be charming and trustworthy, when he put his mind to it. They trusted him. People were eve beginning to sleep when they had to overnight it. Sleeping in shifts. But everyone got at least an hour, and this was certainly better than huddled in a corner. A big step in the right direction at least that was what Audrey assumed him of. Samuel was threatening to overtake Audrey's ears, and from there it was inches until he would be taller than her, a fact she tried to ignore with vigor. \"Hungry?\" Audrey asked him brightly, and he nodded looking to Ed. They all knew that he was the one who could cook, but as of late Audrey had been trying to cook more, because she hated seeing him do it, feeling as though all it was accomplishing besides providing sustenance was to add insult to her perpetually salted injuries. Ed smiled at him and backed towards the fridge, \"Grilled cheese?\" He questioned, already reaching for the ingredients and Samuel nodded walking towards him smiling. He loved Edward's grilled cheese, no American cheese by product, and no butter, his mother's recipe, one of everyone's favorites. Audrey took up the take of setting the table, watching as Edward whispered the recipe to Sam, making a show of keeping it a secret from Audrey, telling Samuel that he could only tell one person in the whole world and he wanted it to be he who carried on the tradition. She never saw him smile as much as he did when they were making it. \"Tonight?\" She asked, gripping the plates extra tight, because he was looking at her again, and warmth was spreading through her at the thought of it. \"Tonight.\" :-::-:-:-::-: It was nearing ten thirty when the plan finally got underway. It seemed that Samuel had to be put to bed before they could start, because Audrey didn't want to leave him unsupervised while they did it, and she wanted all of her attention focused on Edward, to keep from cutting it badly, or injuring either of them in the process. Edward ran a towel through his hair, which he had only just finished dampening in the sink, turning to find Audrey with her back to him, looking over the small barbers kit spread over the counter, the one she had found it amongst his mother's things earlier, when he mention that he remembered her having one. She ran her fingers lightly over them, the clippers, comb and two pairs of scissors, smiling lightly. \"What?\" He asked from behind her, her amusement palpable. Turning in surprise, she shook her head, and looked at the tools, \"I tried to cut my sisters hair once, when we were kids.\" \"How did it end?\" \"Horribly.\" She admitted, and they both grinned. \"Excellent.\" He said, walking closer to her, and straddling the chair that she had set there. They had agreed that it should be done in the bathroom, because the tile would make it simpler to clean up when she had finished. He ran a hand through his hair, which admittedly wasn't looking its best. Audrey took the towel from him, as he let his forehead rest on what was the back support of his mother's kitchen chair, her head was shaking lightly as she survey the length of his hair, and ran her fingers lightly over the still damp towel, \"Take off your shirt.\" She said suddenly, her voice rising with her haste to say these words to him, before she lost her ever growing nerve, one that she was sure at any moment would shrink back to its previous size. His head rose slowly, and she knew he was looking at her in the reflection of the mirror, but all she saw was a floating button down through the slats of the chairs back. He was shaking his head, she could see it in her puerperal vision, just the top of his head, moving, and there the collar of the empty shirt was moving and crumpling, and then his voice, \"Audrey...\" He started carefully, wondering if he would honestly have to explain why it would be a very bad idea. \"Unless you want your hair all over your neck and a wet shirt on your back.\" She said simply, and looking down at him, because the shirt had turned around to face her, his eyes startled her, she had known that he would be there when she looked down, but the sight of him not there and then suddenly there was unnerving. He was looking between her and the towel, surveying the options, \"I'm going to put the towel over you to keep from getting hair on your neck, it will be itchy if I don't,\" She explained further, \"But it's wet and it will make your shirt wet.\" Audrey tried not look up at the other towels that were hanging on the rack to their left, because that would make more sense, or at the dresser in his bedroom the their right, which held plenty more shirts that she was sure he wouldn't mind to get wet, which also made more sense. But it was he who turned to look at the towels, and she let her eyes fall now that he wasn't looking at her anymore, dropping his head for a moment, he looked at the dresser as well, and she felt as though he had read her mind, as he did. But he looked back at the mirror again, and her skin stung with white hot fire, as he was watching her again. Looking up she saw the shirt moving again, carefully but efficiently manipulating the buttons, and pulling it off his shoulders. For a moment they were both staring at nothing. She dropped the towel on what moments before had been seemingly open air and watched as it shaped into the rough form of a person. Adjusting it properly to lie flat across his shoulders, and looking down to make sure his neck was covered. She might at least keep her reasons legitimate. Moving to grab the comb and scissors and returning to his side. He wasn't breathing anymore, she could hear him and the towel wasn't moving, but she couldn't understand why. Carefully she took a small patch in her fingers, with the intent of running it through the comb and gauging its length. But she found her fingers pulling to the end and returning got more. Her chest ached as she pulled out another clump of damp hair and bit down on her lip as Edward let out a rush of air. He should stand and leave. It would be the safest most logical choice, but seeming to sense his thoughts she brought the scissors forward and snipped off a part. The first of many snips, but it was enough to keep him in the chair. She looked up at the mirror starting at the sight of her hands in front of her. It was so strange, she had seen the towel through what should have been solid body, but it took seeing her own hands, which she knew to be holding hair, attached to the back of a head, but she saw none of those things. Just her hands and scissors and comb. Looking back down at the top of her head, she pushed it forward further, his chin nearing his chest, and she kept herself from looking back at the mirror, reminding herself on more than one occasion that he was a person, and he wasn't something to be gawked at. She kept a good pace with the scissors, shortening it enough until she could go at it with the clippers, keeping it short at the back and sides; she came around him in the front. Having left this for last, hoping that she could have as much control when she got to this part. She thought of military haircuts left unattended while she cut, trying her best to keep his hair looking this way, because it looked good and it seemed simple to do. Her eyes were straying towards his face, he was staring at her stomach, and actually he was trying to look everywhere but her stomach without moving his head, though it didn't seem to be working. Her eyes returned to the top of his head, because she caught sight of his chest, and abruptly it seemed they both realized how quiet it was in the house, and how very much alone they actually were. She brought the scissors back up and smoothed out the lines she had made while moving the long strands about, and clipped at it briefly, but his breath was hitting her stomach, and her heart was hammering inside of her, so quickly that Edward felt as though it threatened to bring her own heart back to life. But it didn't, nothing could. Sure Elvis had told him about how he had been turned back, but it was too risky, the winery might have been a good place to conduct such a trial run, but there wasn't a place here, not somewhere that was safe, where nothing could go wrong. With him or with Audrey. There was no telling what prolonged sun exposure could do to his state of mind, it might drive him to do something about the smell of her blood, and he would risk it. Plus it could kill him, there might have been something about the suns distance from their Earth on that day, or the water that he fell into, or hell maybe Elvis had something about him that let him cross back over. There was no telling, and until then, this was something he would just have to live with. The last snip came from above him, and Audrey back away from him, setting down the comb and scissors, and unplugging the clippers, moving back to him she ran her fingers lightly over his hair, shaking lose any remaining hairs, and checking that all its length was as even as she could get it. Her fingers were moving and massaging over his head, her nails scraping accidentally across his scalp and leaving fire everywhere she touched. \"Well?\" He asked roughly, and she started, her fingers tensing suddenly as she realized that neither of them had spoken since the start of his haircut, and she looked up at his clock, that had been almost an hour ago, \"Better than your sisters hair I hope.\" He joked lightly. She smiled at him, and admitted that it did look pretty good, and wished she could offer for him to take a look himself. Audrey reached for the towel carefully folding it, with his hair inside, walking to the shower to shake it out and rinse it down the drain. He was leaning forward and opening the counter under the sink, pulling out what looked like a hand mirror, and holding it up to look in it. Dropping the towel, and following her curiousness to stand next to him. She saw it wasn't a hand mirror but a video screen, and a small camera with a handle. It looked like infrared, but there was his face. Her back straightened, and he turned from side to side, brushing stray hairs off his ears, and then from his shoulders. She tried to stop her eyes there because she could just see the top of his collar bone, it was grainy but it was there, his neck was tensing as his head turned to look at the hair cut she had given him, the longer she looked the more difficult it seemed to look away, but he was turning to look at her, and she tried with desperation to stop. But his arm dropped a fraction, and she looked at his chest full on, and blushed furiously at herself, because now she couldn't, and she didn't want to look away, and her face was stinging as he looked over at her. \"It looks good.\" He said, his voice choked, and she watched it move in the mirror. Her eyes finally looked up at him, and found him very close, he was staring at her, his eyes glowing brightly with something she knew all too well. Her breath was coming, but with difficulty, and then he wasn't so close, he was leaning to get his shirt from the floor, and it seemed like it was colder next to her now than it had been a moment ago. He was spreading the fabric in his fingers, searching for the elusive sleeve. When she was at his side, and her hands were on his, she was trying to think, or not think. She couldn't remember which she had decided to be, but given what she wanted to do, she thought not think sounded more plausible. Edward opened his mouth, as her fingers were skimming their way up his chest, \"Audrey.\" He said, but seemed as though he couldn't bring himself to move away from her. He had been right, and this time he wasn't happy about it, she had reached for him once more, and he couldn't pull away. He admitted it. He was hers. Completely, and it was hard to be angry with himself about it. Her fingers reached his neck, and for the first time she allowed herself to look at his scar, the palest thing about him, the only part of him that seemed vulnerable, and in light of what she wanted to do, looking at his scar paled in comparison. Her fingers traced the pattern of the bite; the raised edges of his brother's teeth, the largest and deepest of these were his canines, the teeth that had elongated into fangs. Moving past this she wrapped her fingers around his neck, and Edward tensed, knowing what was coming next, and again finding it hard to be angry with him about letting his happen. Audrey took a deep breath, hoping do find that courage instead of oxygen, she didn't, but still she pressed onward. Moving to his face, his eyes locking with hers and then closing in his own silent surrender to her, and she smiled. Her lips brushing his cheek, and only the corner of his mouth. Fire and ice spread through each, burning and freezing all at the same moment, and all at the same place. She was so close to him, he felt he might burn, and his hand was holding her waist as she threatened to freeze. Then she was gone. While it happened it seemed like a lifetime, as she left he realized the reality of how short it had been. He turned and found that he had dropped his shirt, and that Audrey hadn't really left. She was standing beside his bed, but looking at the door, torn. He shut off the light and left the bathroom, moving to stand at her side, but he didn't touch her, he couldn't, he still lived in the state of belonging to her. Slowly he pulled back the comforter and covers, and then left her standing there. Rounding on the other side of the bed, and climbing, not daring to look at her properly, as he was still entirely too warm. He heard her moving, coming to lay in his bed, pulling the comforter over her, and letting out the breath she had taken in the bathroom. So that's it. I was stuck on the ending, and to me it felt kind of vague, but I didn't know how to end it, I tried lots of things, but none felt right. Anyhoo I hope that I will see all of your familiar pen names, and hopefully new ones in my email tomorrow. Because I love you all, and I won't even bother to promise to update, because I can't bear the thought of breaking another promise to all of you lovelies again. So I promise to feel terrible about not updating, at least I can keep that one. Or I could last year. Now that I'm done wallowing, please feel ever free to review this hopefully wonderful chapter.[Chapter 11] So I want to say I'm so sorry, but I have broken yet another promise to you guys. I cannot sit and wallow in sadness about not updating, because I've done it! It came to me last night in a dream, ridiculous I know, but 100% true literally. Well, OK, not literally, there were a lot more sexy times that I didn't feel right putting in here for the place that Audrey and Edward are both at. But don't fret, I've filed them away, and when the time is right, I might just be inclined to pull them out. Yes I do intent for something to happen between them, something better than what I've been giving you as of late, because I fell if I wait too much longer, I'll have a mutiny on my hands. Anyway, please enjoy this holiday season treat, and hope that I will have lots more dreams. Edward had listened intently as Audrey drifted that night, almost instantly off to sleep. Her breathing had quickly slowed, to the low and even pace of sleep; while her heart was faster than her usual sleeping pace he set it aside lightly, deciding it couldn't be all that abnormal. He rolled gently out of bed, as he listened to her breath slip one more time, into the deep unconscious sleep, so as not to wake her. He looked at her briefly, but as she had shifted onto her back, and her shirt was rising up. Ignoring the heat that was flaring on his cheek and the corner of his lip, he backed out of the room. Taking his first real breath since he had started to unbutton his shirt. Every nerve had been on high alert since they decided he would need a haircut, and it hadn't helped that she had all of the sudden screamed at him to take his shirt off. His first instinct had been to oblige her, as was the norm where Audrey was concerned, but he had paused, taken a moment to weigh the options. He had tried to say something to her, but he didn't know what, and then she was explain something to him, something about wet towels, and itchy necks, but it was all fuzz in his ears. He had seen the towels out of the corner of his eye, and stared at them briefly, he could get a different towel problem solved, he looked at his hands, and tried to convince himself that he should just get a new towel, when he thought about his shirts, sitting folded neatly in the other room, just waiting for him to go and get one and put it on. It wasn't even like he couldn't get the shirt he was wearing wet. His eyes were darting all around, and he knew he couldn't have looked more panicked if he tried, and for once he was glad his reflection, or lack thereof, would give her nothing, but he still knew that she was looking at him, and he looked up to meet her eye. Her brown eyes were steadily getting darker, and her lids were drooping. His stomach was plummeting, and suddenly he couldn't take the heat any more, the first button seemed to fight him, like it was telling him this was a bad plan, and couldn't end in a good place. But he fought it out of its hole, and the rest were a breeze, soon he was pulling it off of his shoulders, and Audrey was staring at him. Or at least staring at the spot where she knew him to be. The fascination that she could no longer see where he was in the mirror, was evident on her face, and he didn't even have to keep from smiling, because she couldn't seem him, he liked the feeling swelling inside of him, the feeling that she was in awe of him. His pride stroked his ego accordingly, and as the towel dropped unceremoniously onto his back, his head was feeling a great deal bigger than it had a few minutes ago. She was gone from his side, and back in a moment, carrying in her hands a comb and scissors, and she was looking at his head, surveying him. He could see her in the reflection, but he could see her, she was reaching for air, and that was the last thing he managed to see. Because his eyes were closing of their own volition, and his body was reacting violently to her soft tug on his damp hair. It felt like he was being ripped in two, the human, red blooded male side of him was whispering in his ear all kinds of things his mother would whip him for if only she knew, and the vampiric side of him was whispering in his other ear about all other kinds of things that he was ashamed to admit he wasn't sure he wanted to push from him mind. Her fingers were carefully tugging, and in the end he was sure that the human side of him won out, because all he wanted to do was pull away from her. He needed to stand and leave; this would be the right and chivalrous thing to do. He was staring at her, as her face was dropping all pretenses, and slowly revealing a look of intense...something else that his vamperic side was quick to latch onto. He let out a rush of air, and was tensing his muscles, preparing them for his weight, when her face looked panicked and he stilled for one crucial moment. Her hands were gone quick as a flash, and in their place a comb and the ends of scissors meeting its twin, snipping the first clump of his hair. She looked up at him in the mirror, traces of a triumphant smile, he wasn't sure that she even knew was there, before her expression dropped abruptly off, she was staring at her own hands, and for a moment he wondered why this was a phenomenon, and then it clicked. She was staring at her hands through his head. He wanted to say something to her, tell her that it was alright. But she was pushing his head down, and there was more fuzz in his ears, and his entire head was on fire. Edward clenched his eyes tightly closed and tried to block out all feeling, and thought, and basic functions, he even stopped breathing. He was dimly aware of the clippers cutting and tugging at the back and sides of his head, she was moving steadily along, every movement she made like fire. When she moved to cut the front of his hair, he had thought he might die; her stomach was inches from his face, and his fangs were pushing into his gums painfully, he let out a deep breath and he could hear her heart slamming inside of him, as if it were his own. He set about distracting himself, but ended up thinking about the experiments that Elvis had been trying to get going, and it only put him in a further place of pain, because he knew at least for the near future, he could never have a beating heart. She was setting aside the scissors, and taking the clippers from the wall, she ran her hands through his hair lightly, letting his nails scrape over his scalp, and he wanted to cry out, but bit back on the urge, a touch more literally than he had initially intended, but there it was. Edward sat on the couches of the sunken living room, and sighed; his face had kept a steady burn, like the lasting embers of a fire, not as hot as the initial flame, but still to unbearably heated to think about. His face was screaming, and the fuzz was only now beginning to clear out of his head, soft footsteps were headed in his direction, and he stilled, in the middle of rubbing a hand over his face. He closed his eyes and wished he could shrink back into the walls, but the feet were too close, and there was nowhere to go where she wouldn't see him. There were small breaths being taken, and he carefully opened his eyes, and tilted his head in surprise as Samuel was standing in the doorway, his hands in the pockets of his pajama bottoms. \"Hey little man.\" Edward called to him softly, he seemed to visibly relax at the sound of Edward's voice, and he moved further into the room, to stand in front of him, and tilting his head, considering him. For a long moment Edward just let him look, taking in all that he wanted to. It was learned skill, because after everything that had happened to him, the only thing remotely human he found he had left, was his mind, his ability to form and articulate words, his blood was gone, his heart was still, and he could never see the sun again. It made him want to fill the silence with the one thing he had left, but here was a boy who had had this thing taken from him. He couldn't wrap his head around it, and as much as he had felt sorry for himself, he somehow felt sorrier for this little boy. Yet another thing that the natural desire to live forever and the unnatural application had taken from people. It had taken Edward's life, but it had taken Samuel's voice, and that seemed worse somehow. After a long moment Samuel reached out, and ran his fingers over Edward's head, and he smiled, seeing now the novelty, he had never seen Edward with hair any reasonable length. But soon he dropped his hand, and Edward moved to the left, opening up the side of the couch to him, and Samuel smiled, sitting next to him. For a moment he seemed unsure, but then he decided, and curled into Edward's side. He let out a rush, at the warmth the child provided, and then smiled, leaning back and letting his head rest against the back of the couch, fingering his own short, crisp hairs. He had never before considered himself to be a particularly lucky guy. His father had abandoned him, and his family, his mother had died before he even really got to know her, his aunt had been a good caretaker, but a lousy replacement for a mother, his brother had never grown up right, all of the things that Edward couldn't stand about his life, he saw tearing Frankie apart at the seams, and it had become Edward's job to hold him together. The very thing that had taken his mother soon became the reality of his brother, and a reality that had forced itself upon Edward. Everything in his life had seemed like it could only be one thing after the other, never letting up, never taking a holiday. But as he looked around his home, he realized something. He had it. He had the things that he wanted. He had a beautiful woman asleep in his bed, in his house; he had a young boy asleep at his side. He had people in his life, who cared about him, who would do all of the things for him, which families are supposed to do. He had Elvis, he didn't know quite where he fit into things, but he knew he was there; all of the things he had pinned after were his. He let out a laugh, quickly silenced, but Samuel at his side, stirring briefly and then relaxing. How could he have not realized it before, there it was staring him in the face. \"Edward.\" He froze and chanced a glance at Samuel, but his face was passive, and unconscious, looking up, Audrey was watching him, her arms crossed over herself, in an attempt to adjust to the colder air, now that she had left the cocoon of his bed. \"Hey.\" He called quietly, flinching as Samuel murmured a hum in his sleep, and Audrey stepped down the two stairs, and was sitting at his side, in her presence his face caught fire again, and he wished to squirm uncomfortably at its feeling, but Samuel sleeping peacefully at his side, kept him rooted to the spot. She was watching Samuel and smiling to herself, and then she was smiling at him, and his face was warming further, and his back was beginning to tingle, and he wanted desperately to bow away from it, but he didn't. Her hand touched his arm, and the tingling intensified, but then it died off quickly, as her hand soothed him. Audrey was looking at the boy curling further into him again and sighing softly in his sleep, and grinned. \"Do I get a comfy pillow too?\" She was joking, but he was trying not to choke, he had been hoping she would ask this, and begging that she wouldn't. He hated the constant warfare going on inside of him. His brain and his heart were squaring off and each of his organs were taking sides, he had a feeling this battle would be anything but civil. Her shoulder was touching his, and he was melting, he wanted to remain impassive, and be the strong man he knew he had once been. But the same feeling as he had had in the bathroom came over him now. He felt helpless, but completely capable, she had complete control of him, but it was his decision to relinquish it. Again at war. Slowly she tucked her shoulder under his, and paused looking at him, waiting for further signal from him. He could see his corneas reflected in her eyes, as she stared up at him, and he relaxed his arm, letting her slide further into him, his arm was curling around her, and her head was at his neck. They both let out rushed air, and Edward felt himself relax. She was nuzzling the side of his neck, briefly, because he stiffened. Smiling into his shirt, one she hadn't known he had put on, baby steps, she thought. Reveling in the idea that she was this close to him. In the fact that she had kissed him, and that he had let her. Not long after, he heard Audrey drift back off, and he let his chin rest on top of hers. Ignoring his idle thoughts and listening to their peaceful breathing. When one thought flitting past his mind caught his attention fully. He was warm. Two healthy, living, warm bodies were curled into his, covering every part of him. He wanted to laugh, sing, cry, and dance, all in one fluid motion, all at the same time, but he didn't. His bones were slowly defrosting, and he couldn't move because to move would remove this delicious warmth from him, and the mere thought of throwing away such a precious gift, after ten years of pining for it, was too much to bear. This was the thought that would circulate until Samuel would stir in the early hours. He was warm. Aw! Sometimes my subconscious is so sweet I can hardly stand it. Anyone else? I just rewatched the movie yesterday, and reread all of my other chapters today, and I was noticing that Edward was just wanting to be warm, and it was tragic to think that I kept teasing him, however unintentional it may have been, with the small bursts of warmth here and there. Also I could believe that I had an idea this close after I posted, well an idea that was relevant. In addition to this idea...idea?...dream?...who cares it's mine! In addition to this little lovely, I have several others in the queue, more stuff pertaining to the resistance mostly, but as always centered on Ed and Audrey. Don't forget to review when you're finished reading, even just for a moment, even just a word, if I get ten reviews I will post within seven days. Given I don't die, fall ill, or anyone important to me doesn't die or fall ill. That is a promise I will keep. Remember ten reviews and you will get a chapter. Fifteen? And who knows, and kiss perhaps? It all lies in your capable hands people. Remember 1.10.12 -(That is seven days from today in case anyone was confounded :])[Chapter 12] Hello dearies! How have the weeks been? The few weeks might I add, it is only February and I have updated three times! Who is proud of me? I know I couldn't possibly be more thrilled if I had a birth certificate making me of legal age, the Kama Sutra and Richard Armitage all to myself. (sigh dreamily). Anywhoo! Ignore my fantasies or help me make them reality :) Or just read and review because that is also a fantasy, one that seems a touch more realistic if you ask me, but don't let that discourage you from the whole Richard thing. :) Edward ran his hands unnerved through his hair, smiling. He wasn't entirely used to the length, or lack thereof, just yet. It was a strange sensation accompanied by memories he would never rid himself of, and he wasn't sure he wanted to, every time his fingers slipped and slid right off the back of his head. He couldn't help but think of Audrey's fingers as they massaged his head, for nearly forty-five solid minutes, pulling and prodding and checking lengths. He was only happy there was hardly any blood in him at all, or he thought embarrassment would have no doubt ensued. Then her lips on him. It had almost been more than he could handle. The fire that burned eternally in his stomach. He wasn't sure how, but whenever he thought about that moment, when her lips had taken pity on him, he got warm. Not all over, just the spot her lips had touched. It was like her had brought oxidized blood, and life back to that spot, if for only a moment. She was sitting in the kitchen with Elvis, poring over some old military files he had managed to nick out of some vamps car while a squad of people lured him away. They had been doing a lot of that recently. Snooping and planning, and scheming, plans and files out of the hands of their enemies. Ed had to admit he was impressed with the way that Elvis had handled himself stepping into his new role, he hadn't been entirely sure he could do it, no one had, least of all Elvis. But everyone had been pleasantly surprised when he had flourished in his role as a liaison. They had attempted it before the relocation, but it had been on a small scale at best, though since the incident at the winery, Elvis had been hell bent on discovering what that rogue had been doing all the way out there, and how he had maintained an ounce of control. So far removed from blood, and with all that fresh sustenance. He had been quizzing Edward for weeks on all he could remember about Donovan. Most things had been trivial, skin tone, hair color, eye color, what he had been drinking, his swear word of choice. Ed remembered meeting him at a bar with Frankie, an old family Irish pub, circa 1900's, been in the family for generations, and a whole lot of other random facts from the owners son, another army buddy spouted at them, in a drunken slur. He also remembered a liberal amount of alcohol ending up in a glass he supposed was his, before the memories grew steadily less vivid, and a touch less coherent, and eventually just ended. The next thing was a blaring alarm clock that he remembered shouting curses of every kind and wishing death by candle wax and bath water upon its alarm clock brothers and sisters, friends and family, and a particularly violent end to any wrist watches it happened to be fond of. Before it crashed against the far wall and ceased to annoy. \"But that was over ten years ago, almost ten months before I got turned,\" This was what Edward would eventually and inevitably circle back too, \"Anything could have happened since then, Donovan might have been promoted or demoted, or changed platoons. Got a different job and his name aren't even unusual, it might not even be him.\" This was another thing that plagued him, just one more thing he had to add to the ever lengthening list of things he couldn't seem to get out of his head. What if it hadn't been him? He hadn't displayed any physical characteristics that would suggest it had been the man he had met already half pissed, his hair was gone, his eyes had changed, his skin, like all other rogues, was sallow and pale, and threatening to hang off of him and swallow him whole in the same moment. Also there were the wings and talons he was pretty sure he wouldn't have been able underneath the barroom table. Elvis scoffed at his protest against trying to find more information, and spun his coffee mug around in a small circle, alternately running his fingers around the rim lazily, and gripping it so tightly that Edward thought it might shatter. Audrey had insisted that if he were to become liaison he would have to quit drinking, much to his own dismay, he didn't have to like it to agree with it. But he had done it. Quitting cold turkey hadn't been ideal, or easy by any means, but they didn't exactly have the luxury of time on their side, and it would take weeks to wean his body off of it, and have him back in top condition, he had fought hard with himself, and his symptoms of withdrawal and come out on top. \"Yeah, but anything you tell us might help, because it's more than we have right now, which is jack shit.\" He took a large slug of his coffee and fingered absently his pack of cigarettes. Audrey had also wanted him to quit smoking, because she realized she needed him around, she couldn't it without him, but he had given her a withering look, reminding Edward very much of Audrey's own, and she let it alone. He had already quit drinking for her, asking him to stop this too was altogether unfair. Little did he know she had plans to get him to quit smoking too, just as soon as she thought he was strong enough. \"Alright,\" Edward caved, because she was looking at him with her big brown eyes, and her eyebrows pulled together in concern. He was steadily beginning to realize all of the people she was responsible for, he had always known intellectually what it was she had resting on her shoulders, but it wasn't until two weeks ago, when Elvis had brought pictures of all of the successful relocation at all of their safe houses, he realized how many of them there were. It must be well over one hundred at this point, and Edward shivered because as amazing as it was, seeing so many humans, it was hard to consider that this might be all their is left. He closed his eyes against the people around him, and shut out the noises, resting his elbows on the table and steepling his fingers, he tried to remember. He thought back to that night, blocking out Frankie and his other Army buddies. Donovan had been sitting across from him, stewing quietly to himself, like the answer to all life in the universe was located in the bottom of his own drink, and the rest of the world was woefully unimportant at that point. His eyes were bloodshot, and there was an obvious droop to his shoulders that was consistent with a boy who had seen too much of what only men should see, and he felt for him. Abruptly, he was looking up, staring at Frankie with rapt attention, wide-eyed, and shaky. Edward tried to zone back into the conversation, trying desperately to hear Frank, even though he was sitting directly to his left, the noises of the bar were drowning out his voice. Snatches of words reached his ears, his human memory notwithstanding the strain he had been placing upon that particular memory and it finally snapped beneath the pressure it felt. It was gone, somewhere that he would never be able to find again, it went away to a place in his head where memories went to die a small quiet death amongst relatives. The last thing he saw was Donovan, his expression a dizzying circle of horror, panic, and paranoia, gently shaking his head back and forth. Whether disputing what Frankie was saying, or trying to signal him discretely to stop talking Edward couldn't be sure. But accompanying his last visual memory was an auditory snatch. A fragment of a sentence. \"Gemini,\" Edward said suddenly, looking around him mildly surprised that he was staring into the face of Elvis and Audrey, and the smoky fish-eyed memory of the barroom had dissipated, \"The Gemini Project.\" He clarified, swallowing, and trying to grab at the last moment of that memory, but it too was gone to join its brethren. Elvis was looking hard at Audrey; the sudden return of Edward's senses was startling. His face had been blank for the better part of ten minutes, rubbing his hands, in some kind of unconscious soothing gesture, but there he was staring up at them, and saying something that sounded vaguely familiar to him, he searched his brain, while simultaneously searching the stacks of paper in front of him trying to place with name with a file. \"Shut that off will you.\" Elvis said softly, and heard Audrey rise, moving to the sunken living room, where the TV was on and playing on a low level. Apparently not everything left you when you went back to being a human, Elvis often complained about noises Edward chose to ignore, and Audrey explained she didn't hear at all, and the television had been driving him mad since Elvis had gotten there and turned it on, \"We need to talk.\" He said quickly, and Edward swiveled around from watching Audrey leave to looking at Elvis, who he thought for sure would have been grinning at him, but he just set his features hard. \"What?\" He asked, realizing that the last few seconds had been entirely visual for him, and not auditory. Elvis rolled his eyes at Edward and let out a sigh, he could hear Audrey coming back around the corner, \"You and I need to talk, without Audrey.\" Edward sat back, and furrowed his brow, while Elvis sat back and smiled absently at Audrey, shuffling papers back into their proper places, placing them back in boxes, he was glancing around him, and nodded to Edward, who nodded back in a casual way. Audrey wasn't watching the exchange, she was too busy putting papers back together, and turning them the right way round, before handing them over to Elvis, who had a vastly larger understanding of the filing system. The sun had set over the hills behind the house, and night was now fully upon them, Elvis was looking out the high window with the window tint that he had invented, which blocked out 98% of all UV rays, leaving it harmless enough by the time it reached your skin that it could harder do more than irritate you. It had been that, or board up the windows on his mother's house for good, he would take the itchy skin. Audrey was looking at Edward, and smiling. She knew it took a lot out of him to think of his human life, and think of his brother, but he had been more than willing and more than helpful in every aspect that they asked him to. Everyone was appreciative of what he was doing for them, especially her, she reached out her hand and held his wrist for a moment, and he smiled back at her. He understood what she was doing, she was the kind person that expressed gratitude through physical touch, at least she did with him, and he couldn't say he was altogether opposed. Elvis watched the moment unfold, and felt both elated and crushed in the same moment; it wasn't fair that this should happen to either of them. But he was confident that Edward wouldn't let himself hurt Audrey or Samuel. \"I think you and me need to have a talk.\" He was looking at Edward, and then pointedly at Audrey's hand cover his wrist, her thumb moving slowly over the beginning of his palm. Trying to sound protective over Audrey as she dropped her hand back to her side, but the look on Edward's face said he knew what Elvis was doing. He chanced a glance at Audrey, and she looked pityingly at Edward, but Elvis was standing and moving for the front door to his mother's wrap around porch. The one Edward's father had built, cringing internally at the memory, Edward stood, Audrey close behind him. Her hand was tightening over his wrist, and he stopped walking to turn at look at her, \"Whatever he says about us, don't make a decision before you talk to me.\" The words were tinged with desperation; she had come so far with him, made so much progress, the thought of all of that having to go away was heart breaking. \"What?\" The screen door was closing, and Edward was looking at her, trying not to over think what she was saying to him. \"Promise me, no matter what Elvis says, about chivalry or right and wrong, promise me you won't shut me out.\" Her voice was threatening to break, and he was looking at her like she was the only person in the world. Her hand had been skimming up the side of his arm, he felt it was it ran over his elbow and his shoulder; she wasn't looking at his face because she thought she might lose her nerve if she saw his reaction. She hadn't known what she intended to do when she moved her hands upwards, but her hands were cupping his face, her right thumb dragging its way over the spot where she had kissed him. It had been twitching incessantly since that night, and it had been driving her crazy, his skin had been so chilled that now every time she felt a draft she got entirely too warm, in all the right places. His eyes closed abruptly and he was sucking in air like he might never get it again, he could feel it rushing past her finger which had stopped moving and held its position at the corner of his mouth. Everything was threatening to shut down, save for his heart, which was so charged he thought it might beat. She was stepping closer to him and Edward opened his eyes in a panic, this was in no way as close as they had ever been, he had twice before pinned her to him, but for some reason standing with only her hand touching him it felt more intimate. Her other hand was reaching for his neck, and his brain was sluggish, she was pulling him down towards her, when his hands found her waist. Stilling her movements. She was staring at him, and her nails were scraping at his neck, just past his hairline, feather light and deliciously teasing. Dropping his neck, his forehead touched hers, he shook it lightly. He could see it in her face, even if he promised her, she didn't believe he would talk to her about it, she was practically exuding it from her very skin. She thought this was her last chance. As much as he had wished for this moment, with all of his heart, in that moment, in that way. Like it might be the last time they would ever be able to, he didn't want it. \"Not like this.\" His voice was so light, she almost didn't hear it, and for a moment she considered pretending that she hadn't, but the words did reach her, and she only blinked in response. Her face was passive but still he searched it with intent, desperate for some answers there. \"Promise me.\" The pressure hadn't changed, but now the fact that her nails were dragging over his skin and sending violent icicles stabbing down his vertebrae was dominating his mind, and everything else was starting to fall away. His hands covered hers and curled over her fingers bringing them to a halt on his skin, his mind was swaying back into his control but her breath was still warming is face, and her pulse was thrumming against his skin, \"I promise.\" Audrey looked heartbroken, and it was killing him all over again, she had wanted to hear it and now she had it she realized even more that it was only words, but she lifted her forehead from his and nodded, \"Okay.\" Audrey gave his hands one last squeeze before stepping back from him entirely, biting her lip and looking away from him in thought, and for the barest of moment Edward was ready to cave, give into himself because he knew that he could, and she would let him. Now Elvis was back at the screen door and staring at the two of them, and he was thankful they had stepped away from each other when they had; he didn't say anything, just looked for a long moment and then walked out of sight again. Edward looked behind him, and was staring into her eyes again; a part of him wished she had left the room, because now he faced more decisions to make. She offered him a pitiful excuse for a reassuring smile, and was tuning to go, \"Audrey.\" He didn't reach for her, but the intent was in his voice and she looked back at him reluctantly, for a long moment he didn't say anything and he wondered if he left now if she would hold it against him. \"Yes?\" Her voice was so quiet that even he almost missed it, there was fear there which was an entirely new experience being directed at him, and he knew it wasn't for her own safety she was fretting, but for what he was about to say, and still it hit him in the form of a planet crashing down on his chest, and he took a long stride towards her, and his fingers came around her neck. Her pulse was throbbing erratically against his palm, and the effect on him was dizzying, he was tempted to run his own nails just under her hairline, but he knew it would have greater effect on him and he decided against it, she was looking up at him, the expression poorly and painfully tacked onto her features, he was leaning down but only a fraction. His lips met the center of her forehead for only a moment, and her hands were gripping at the tails of his shirt, her breath was ghosting across his neck and he rested his chin on the top of her head for a moment, breathing in the smell of her. \"I do promise,\" He pulled back and looked in her eyes, \"We will talk, later tonight if you want.\" She was nodding again, and this time he looked a little more relieved, there was a sharp rapping, and Edward turned to see Elvis looking at them through the window, rocking back and forth in the old chair that sat out there overlooking the yard, and the pool. \"Tonight then.\" She said and her whisper now sounded like a shout, and he nodded. She was biting her lip again, and staring him in his eyes; he swallowed thickly and turned away from her. Elvis was looking disapprovingly at the two of them, but Edward saw happiness and humor dancing in the older man's eyes. Tonight then. He opened the screen door, and took a moment to look after her, she was just disappearing around the corner, and he smiled to himself, making a promise to himself. He would tell her everything, it would happen tonight, and it would have to be everything. OOOOOOO! O_o What is he going to tell her? Just to let you this is what you should all be thinking in this moment, and you know what you should be thinking now? You should be thinking about reviewing, because it truly is the fastest way to get me to update, just think I got a review this morning, and viola! UPDATE! Who knows who will inspire me next week; review if you want it to be you![Chapter 13] *Peeks head out from behind door* So, hey guys :) How've you been? I know it's been a while and what not. My sincerest apologies that I abandoned you guys in you time of need, but I hope I can make up for by posting this ridiculously awesome chapter. Please don't hate me, because I love all of you. Edward didn't take a real breath until he closed the door behind him. Elvis was staring out at the landscape surrounding the old house. The shadow cast over the ground beyond it looked menacing; he recalled egging on Frankie's fears when they were kids. He didn't turn as Edward took up the rocking chair to his left, and Edward didn't bother to say anything because he knew Elvis would fill him in when he was good and ready. After another moments silence, Elvis faced him fully. \"The Gemini Project.\" His voice was low, and Edward couldn't tell if he was simply speculating or if there was a question in there somewhere. He crossed his arms over himself, and listened to the sounds of the outdoors until Elvis decided he would clarify. As it turns it was three hundred and thirty seven cricket chirps, and two minutes later the Elvis felt the need to relieve the weight of their companionable silence, \"Do you know what the Gemini is?\" He asked, rubbing his clipped fingernails over his freshly shaven jaw. Throwing a glance over his shoulder briefly, as he took up his smokes. \"Like Astrology?\" Edward knew very little other than his families signs. He knew he had an aunt and uncle on his father's side who were big into things like of that nature. Remembering very clearly the one, and the only time they ever came to visit, the incense had very nearly choked Frankie, and a death omen was place over Edward, their mother had seen fit to ask them to cut their stay short. His aunt hadn't seemed as into what had happened as his uncle had, and Edward told himself it was his aunt who shared a portion of his blood but he had no proof. \"Yes, Gemini is the story of twins. To keep it short and sweet.\" Elvis was picking indifferently at his nails, and Edward was listening to Audrey humming from inside the house. He could barely hear plates clinking together and he thought she must have been cleaning up dinner. \"Okay,\" He said, turning to focus on Elvis again, and trying to turn off his sense of hearing. But either it wasn't working or the sweet sound of her voice was haunting him. Either of these was a possibility, but neither seemed to make much difference, \"What does that have to do with anything?\" \"There was a project like that; way back when I was one of you, called it Gemini . Name came from the idea that twins have a unique connection, you know finishing each other's sentences, feeling when the other is in pain and other bullshit like that.\" Elvis was leaning into Edward and both men had stopped moving, even Elvis didn't stop to flick ash off the end of his cigarette. With the moment so tense, \"Only this project meant a link from the brain of one, to the brain of another. With one brain…dominant over the other.\" He said this slowly, seeming to choose his words then change his mind and choose others as he went. \"Mind control?\" Edward said, with inadvertent sarcasm dribbling out unexpectedly. Elvis leaned away from him and fixed him first with a look of mild disappointment and second with exasperation, \"And I suppose you came out of the womb believing everybody would be a vampire before you were forty, did you?\" He shook his head, gave a particularly violent shove of his rocking chair, and a deep pull of his cigarette. While Edward moved suddenly uncomfortable that he had challenged Elvis' information. However unintentional it might have been. \"Sorry.\" He coughed quietly and glanced away from Elvis' face, which was still trained out on the yard. A shadow passed over them, and Edward adjusted in his seat to look at the window. Audrey was watching the backs of their heads carefully. Elvis shot her a look when she sat down to open her book, but she didn't bother to acknowledge it. When he gave a small shake of his head, and turned away. She looked up making certain Edward caught her eye. \"Tonight.\" She mouthed, and Edward's stomach churned. Looking to Elvis who was eyeing his, before he nodded carefully to her. \"Yes,\" He barked suddenly at Edward, who risked only one more glance at Audrey, she was smiling to herself like a nervous teenager, and he hoped beyond hope that she would still smile that way when she thought about him tomorrow morning, \"Mind control! Or something nears enough to it. It was intended to be made an implant into all new vamps. To try and keep them from going rogue and murdering every human in sight, this was back when the strain was only for the rich. After it was release to the public the government thought it would be a useful tool to help track down humans for capture. Fresh vamps, or vamps deprived of blood can track humans much faster than a well feed vamp that's had time to…adjust.\" \"Sounds like they thought of everything. Why scrap the project?\" Edward was trying to turn it over in his head. But Audrey's foot was bouncing up and down in his peripheral vision, and she was humming again. Everything about her being within a twenty foot radius from him was making it difficult to process anything. That and the smell of Elvis' cigarette were getting into his head, and it dawned on him for the first time, it had been almost two weeks since his pack and run out. \"Well it didn't work. At least it didn't when I left; I was on my way to sign papers to scrap the project myself when I crashed. I had a few human friendlies on the inside and when I got into contact with them a few months later. They said they had found my car, and pronounced me incinerated at the scene. Not even and investigation can you believe that bullshit!\" Edward cocked an eyebrow in his direction, and he saw Audrey lean forward to peer out the front window at the sound of raised voices. But he threw on a small smile for her benefit, and she backed away, her foot taking up its previous rhythm. \"Yeah, an outrage.\" He replied dryly and Elvis shot him a thoroughly withering look. \"I'll have you know, I was a staple in the vampire community, and was well loved by most who knew me personally.\" Elvis shot tersely, as he started to rock again, digging into his pocket to retrieve his lighter. Staring angrily at the end of his cigarette which had gone out. \"I bet my death would have been investigated of…\" Edward stared, smiling as he did. \"Anyway,\" Elvis cut in harshly, looking out at the yard and pretending he hadn't just interrupted, \"My contact told me after that the project was scrapped as planned. As far as I knew it had never been picked back up again, there was no point. The test subject ended up finding and killing more humans than they managed to capture.\" For a moment Elvis lowered his head, and Edward looked away from him uncomfortably. By the time he looked back, Elvis was staring at him, and had procured a fresh cigarette, his fingers twitched tantalizingly, he knew if he asked Elvis would fork one over to him. \"But your man at the winery, Donovan. There is no way he could have walked into that place if he wasn't being controlled somehow. If you hadn't mentioned Gemini I would have never remembered, as far as I knew it had been permanently shut down.\" Edward was nodded to him, trying to keep his brain following a straight line. Mind control, it may be something out of his childhood cartoons, but if it had been somehow made into a reality. Then he feared for the small remaining human population. It would be a blood bath, eh glanced at Edward as Audrey's swinging foot caught his attention. For a moment he pictured her covered in blood, bites covering her delicate skin. Her eyes snapped open suddenly and her amber eyes stared at him, his hand came down to help her up, and she smiled at him. Leaning in to kiss his bloody lips. He nearly cried out as he came back to the present, he wouldn't let it happen. \"Why not say all this in front of Audrey?\" Edward asked the obvious in hopes he could cover up the lapse and hopefully scrub the image from his mind. Elvis looked sharply back at the window and Audrey looked up in time to see them both watching her, abruptly she stopped humming and turned pink. AS they sat back looking at each other again, Edward heard her start to hum, but much quieter now. \"Because,\" He said quietly, \"The man who first came up with the project was Audrey's father, Graham.\" The air stiffened around Edward and he gave a small tilt of his head to one side, like he might start to shake his head, but he stilled before it went too far. \"Audrey's father died, just after the outbreak.\" Edward parroted, Audrey herself had told him so, not but two weeks ago. The day after his last cigarette, he cringed. It couldn't hurt him he knew, but Audrey didn't like the smell he could tell whenever he came into a room she bit back her initial disgust if he smelled like smoke. Also he couldn't be sure what kind of example he was setting for Samuel. \"No, Graham was one of the members of my team who helped develop the virus. He was a geneticist in high standing with most of the medical community; he hadn't been allowed to inform anyone outside of his team what he was working on, only that it was for the government. When it came out, Audrey was horrified; Graham hadn't known what to do, so he lied. Telling her they would meet a rendezvous far outside the city, and he made sure to keep officers clear of her route until she was gone. He could continue her work, and Audrey could remember her father fondly. Everybody wins.\" Elvis held his hand up, his shoulders scrunched, as if to say ' what can ya do?' Edward felt ill, was this what his mother had died for? At the hands of the man who fathered a daughter that Edward himself might… He shut his thoughts down there, and he berated himself for even trying to take it there. Audrey was nothing like her father, the same way he was nothing like his father. This calmed him a little, and he rocked back in his chair, \"I won't lie to her.\" \"Dammit Edward! It's for her own good, for the sake of her happiness.\" Elvis whispered harshly, glancing over his shoulder to make sure he hadn't been too loud, and then fixing him with a stern glare of disapproval. \"If it were my mother alive, I would want to know.\" He told him quietly, he hadn't wanted to play the dead mom card, but he needed Elvis to know how serious he was. There were enough lies in the world, and enough liars to fill the universe, he wouldn't be one of them. Lionel's brown eyes softened, and he looked sorrowful, \"Yes, but you're mother isn't alive, and neither is Audrey's father.\" \"You don't need a heartbeat to be alive.\" Edward said exasperatedly, he wouldn't lie to Audrey even on a technicality. \"I know that dammit, I mean Graham killed himself just before my accident. His project was in the shitter, and with each new vamp he sent out, more humans were being slaughtered. Every time it happened he would shut himself up in his room till the scouts got back, convinced it was Audrey he had gotten killed. When the project shut down, he snapped, he had no idea where his daughter was or if she was even still alive, or accepts him as he was. The same daughter he had given up so that he could finish a project that hadn't worked. It was more than he could bear. Walked outside in broad daylight, so he ain't alive now. He ain't even in one piece.\" Elvis hung his head and Edward reached out a hand to place on his shoulder. He hadn't thought about all the people he knew from the vamp world since he had left with Audrey, except for Frankie. But he hadn't thought about his lab tech, his neighbors, the few friends he had. The young female bartender he had agreed to make a date with. They had all fallen into shadows since he and Audrey had been on the run. He realize now he hadn't missed them at all, and he didn't mind being without them. But clearly it hadn't been the same for Elvis. He had cared about the vampires he knew, he had cared dearly for them. And in one fowl glance, he had lost them. Edward couldn't help but link the similarities in his mind. He wanted to apologize to Elvis at once, how many times had they sat up at the vineyard those first night, Elvis listening as Edward vented his frustrations over an unhealthy amount of alcohol. Now he saw he had suffered nearly the same separations from everything he had loved dearly. Elvis pulled out from under Edward's hand, and he let it fall roughly back to his side, \"I promised Graham that I would find Audrey. That I would make her see the good in vampires and once she understood that they weren't all mindless bloodthirsty monsters then I would tell her what he was, and arrange for them to meet. But he never gave me the chance to; I still went to find her thought. I thought she deserved to know the truth.\" Edward looked over his shoulder and watched her foot bouncing lightly, in tune with her insistent humming, So much loss. He thought wearily, it wasn't right. \"I ran into trouble trying to find her, I forgot what it were like to be human, warm breezes, open roads, sunshine. I was wandering in a field when some teenaged vamps snuck up on me. Her and her crew found me just in the nick of time, but I was tore up pretty bad. By the time I was patched back up, and well enough to tell her anything. She had already gone all Audrey on me, I knew she didn't trust vampires still, and if I tried to tell her then. It would have crushed her. Even when I told her my story about turning back into a human, she didn't talk to me for a week. She worked it out eventually but I gave up hope after that. I had just settled for keeping her out of harm's way, and Graham's secret to myself until you showed up.\" \"Me?\" Edward asked quickly, tearing his eyes away from Audrey to look at Elvis, who fixed him with an unyielding expression. \"Yes, you,\" He said hotly, \"I see the way that you two are with one another. Hell she's living with you Edward! That means something, the two of you are the image we want to project to the human community. That humans and vampires can work with one another, live with one another; fall head over heels for one another.\" Edward swallowed thickly, Elvis was bringing his mind into dangerous territory, he had made it a point to keep far away from these kinds of thought himself and here Elvis was all but begging him to admit it to himself. \"The other members of the council and I have been talking, we have been thinking about bringing you and Audrey out together,\" He held up his hands in defense against Edward's imminent protests, \"Just to boost morale, most of the people we've got know Audrey they trust her implicitly. They'll let the newbie's know they can trust her too, and if they trust her they trust you, and if they trust you…then who knows what kind of possibilities we could open up to them.\" He wanted to shake his head violently against the suggestion. What Elvis was asking would mean a lot of time together, a lot of time alone together, and the last time they had been alone together they had been in his bathroom. About to do something very stupid and he couldn't risk her, anything else, anyone else, just not her. Elvis watched him carefully, twisting another cigarette out of his pack, and lighting it in the silence. \"It would only be for a couple of weeks, you just go around and show people that not all vampires are bad. Nothing too crazy, Sam can even come on the road with you guys. I'm sure he would love to get out of the house.\" Elvis made the whole thing sound so simple, like all they had to do was spend every waking moment for the next two weeks with each other, and nothing would change. That wouldn't have moments together, just the two of them, which would raise good bumps on her flesh, and turn his judgment to jelly. The way he said it, it sound like Edward was going to enjoy every good damned second of it. Sad part is , Edward thought to himself ruefully, if she's with me. It will be the frickin time of my life. So lots of information in this one. I kind of wanted to give backstory while still making headway with Edward and Audrey, plus I love Elvis' character and delving into the deep underbelly of his brain. What his past experiences might have been, how or why he chose to be a vampire, all that good stuff. So leave me a review if you want, showering me with praise, or dashing my hopes and dreams. Both are accepted and appreciated.[Chapter 14] Hey lovies! How've the months been? Hopefully they didn't feel too long. I want to thank all of you for being so loving with me, and never scolding me for spelling errors or the long and unnecessary vacations I take from this story. I do so hope that this update makes up for my absence and if it doesn't entirely heal the wound, know I'm sorry and forgive me anyway. The chairs scraped roughly against the hardwood floor. They sat for a period of time uncounted by either, but somewhere in the back of his mind, Edward heard Elvis slipping off into sleep. Seemingly in time with his stomach slipping and sliding higher in his body, until it was nestled snugly in his Adam's apple. There was a clammy feeling settled just behind it, and it made it borderline painful to swallow his fear in his suddenly cotton filled mouth. Audrey was looking at him carefully, her face was passive, yet her heartbeat belied this seeming calm. His eyes closed, he let out the deepest of breaths to calm the waves in his stomach, and do what he had set out to do. His fingers felt foreign in his pocket, the knuckles of his fingers brushed roughly against the inside fabric of his jeans. The corner was sharp still even though it was nearly a decade old, and had been removed and deposited from every pair of pants he had worn since acquiring it. He thought perhaps this told a different story, a more in depth look to his grief behind it, but it could be that it stayed this way because he had never wanted to ruin the one good thing he had left in his life. A small white square. He held it with the utmost of care; she glanced at the small piece of paper, but almost immediately shot back up to his face. His expression, she thought, was meant to be blank, but his stiff upper lip and misting eyes told her that she could doubt the legitimacy of the act. He set the paper face down on the table, folding his hands over top of it. Her curiosity was slowly beginning to eat at her, but she felt as though he were building to something. Something that would satisfy the questions that pressed in, threatening to crush her heart. His fingers clicked back and forth quietly, a small half a second stick as he flexed his fingers. A motion of someone who used to crack their knuckles profusely. It was something she hadn't known about him, she of course understood that there had to be things she wouldn't know about him, but the idea still felt so foreign to her. She wanted to know everything there was to know about him, and she had every intention of making sure she learned everything about him. Starting with whatever he was going to reveal to her tonight. Carefully, he removed his hands from the top of the paper, letting his fingertips rest on the corner of it before sliding it gently over to her. The paper rested there innocent and unassuming, begging her to take the barest of peeks. But there was something more important, she felt, she needed to establish first, \"This doesn't change anything,\" Her voice was quiet and she tried to ensure that he was hearing her properly, \"I will always see you the same.\" There was a grin on his face, small and sad, and entirely self-loathing, \"I should hope not.\" She wanted to shake her head, prove to him through intelligent argument that she was right. That he would always be Edward to her, no matter what he said to her in the next few minutes. But her father had taught her that actions speak louder than words. So she grasped the paper, tucking a nail under the corner as to avoid a fight with the inanimate object, which would no doubt stick with incredible suction to the lacquered surface of the table. She turned it slowly back over, and returned it to its original position face up. A family stared up at her, smiling wide, arms thrown around each other in joyous affection. A father holding an infant close, a mother with a boy and girl sitting on her lap, grasping hands as tightly as their mother held them to her chest. So much love. So much tenderness was captured in the moment, she wanted to cry. Because it was something she had never had, and it was something that was still missing from their world. Her eyes cut to Edward. This wasn't his family, their skin was too dark, and as far as she knew, he didn't have a sister. But the fact that he carried it with him told her it was as important as a family should be. Though the reason for this, gave way for concern. The pause was unnecessarily long, and for a great moment, she stared at him confused by his stalling, until it hit her. His face was long and he eyed the door, not because he was wanting to bolt, it wasn't in his nature to run from a difficulty. But because he wanted her too. If she left now, he could not tell her. And she would see him as a coward, which he obviously found more desirable than the alternative. She didn't think it would make much difference to him if she tried to tell him she would look at him the same regardless of his past. So instead she pushed to picture back across the table towards him, in a way that bordered on defiance. Clasping her hands around one another and setting them lightly back on the table. His smile returned, but there was a flash of disappointment, it disappeared as swiftly as it came and he nodded lastly spinning the family portrait around. Pointing slowly to the youngest of the group, \"That's Liam, he was only eight months old when the outbreak started,\" He was clearing his throat carefully, trying, it seemed, it reach every part of his throat before he spoke again, \"Annie and Alex, seven.\" Now that he had said it she saw a resemblance that went beyond any familial trait, those two had once been only one, \"Marissa.\" His voice was threatening to break and Audrey was beginning to wish more than ever that she had taken the out he had offered. She would take the clawing curiosity as long as she never had to hear such a sound leave him again. His forefinger brushed over the shiny, smiling face, brushing off invisible specks of dust in the most loving of ways, and she felt her heart puncture, \"James, he wasn't even forty.\" \"When the outbreak started?\" She asked, seemingly stupidly. But she had been struck with a sudden horrible thought came at her in a violent affront to an otherwise peaceful train of thought. He was shaking his head slowly at her, and the look on his face broke her heart. Before her sat a fractured soul, threatening to swallow a broken heart, he had seen too much hurt for his lifetime, even if he did end up living forever. She hoped that what she saw there was in some way an exaggeration of his true state, but she found it somehow too raw to be a fabrication. A long pause, as he stared at those frozen faces, before he looked back up at her. His eyes were hard set now, and she realized he wouldn't be breaking, at least not tonight, \"When I killed him.\" A silence settled around them. The density of it was enough to strangle her, and the fact that he wouldn't stop staring at her was setting her heart on edge. He was listening to her heart, she could tell. Even though it hadn't been too long ago that they had discussed him listening on purpose. They had come to the conclusion that it was a gross invasion of her privacy to be listening to her heart and he would try to keep his ear off the ground, or her chest, so to speak. Now he was listening freely, daring her to say something, he didn't care at this point. He was begging for a reaction. So, she would give him one, \"Why?\" His expression softened, she was given the satisfaction of knowing it had all been a front, and now he had lost all of his gusto, \"Because I was foolish. I thought I could wait out the bloodlust. As long as I didn't go near anyone, and I didn't drink, maybe the vampire part of me would simply starve and I could be human. And if it killed me completely, so be it. My life wasn't anything worth living without a beating heart.\" Audrey watched him carefully, as he took the picture off the table and slid it back into his front pants pocket, out of sight though not out of mind. He rubbed tiredly at his temples, and fixed her with another look. She met his eyes, and moved to reach across the table for him, but he dropped his hands into his lap, and sat back from her. \"What are you doing?\" His eyes were wide suddenly startled, and Audrey realized she had never before seen him surprised at anything, he heard every noise, knew every smell, could predict the weather by shifts in temperature. Nothing caught him off guard, except for her, it would seem. Her face flushed, and she dropped her hand to the table, flustered at his reaction. He had never seemed opposed to her touching him before, \"I was just...You looked...I just wanted to comfort you.\" She finished uneasily, they weren't discussing their feelings, and she couldn't be sure how many, if any lines this crossed. His hand came up to rub his jaw, and his brow furrowed, \"I just told you I killed a man, in cold blood. And you want to comfort me?\" Audrey rubbed the table absently with her pointer finger, she hadn't been thinking in those terms, just that Edward was in pain, and it shouldn't be happening while she did nothing, \"That was a long time ago. You're different. Everyone makes mistakes.\" Edward nodded, and shrugged his shoulders and incredulous look on his face. She almost felt bad, it seemed as though he had expected the story to scare her off, and clearly it hadn't. But now she found herself wondering, had he hoped it would work, or hand he simply needed to tell her. Her eyes came back to his face, and fear slid into her belly. She didn't want this to go wrong, she cared about him too much, needed him in her life, in Samuel's life. \"I trust you, Edward.\" Audrey said quietly. His eyes shot to hers harshly, but they softened when they did round on her face. He watched her fingers playing with his mother's necklace. \"Why?\" He asked astonished. She smiled at him brightly, and stood, crossing to his side of the table, \"Because,\" she started quietly, \"you're kind, and you're brave. You look out for Samuel when it would be easier to leave him to me, you're caring. You're intelligent and even though you are the very thing humans are afraid of, you've managed to win over so many already. You're good to me, and to Elvis, and to everyone you come in contact with, even those that mistreat you because of what you are. And you would have every right to tell them you never chose this that you never wanted it, \"plucking the courage she reached down and covered his hand with hers,\" and you're warm.\" At this he cracked a smile, and moved his chair to stand beside her, \"Thank you.\" He said softly, to which she nodded. They lapsed into silence, and suddenly Audrey took a breath in and her mind registered that they were standing nearer to each other than they had been in sometime, and that her hand was still covering his. For a moment she considered that she was very tired, and that she was to have a long day ahead of her, it would be wise to go to bed. The muscles in her arms had even tightened, preparing to move her hand, and bid him a good night. When his thumb twitched underneath her palm, and suddenly she was rooted to the spot. Her eyes came to look down at their hands, as his thumb moved again, dragging a slow line across her palm, his nail tugging and catching on the creases of her hand print. Carefully he turned his hand over and their palms met for the first time since he had found her that morning in the vineyard, doing laundry. Her heart was twitching and skipping over crucial beats, and she thought she might pass out, if it hadn't been for her sheer will to be conscious for this moment. His thumb came back running its way over her wrist and she closed her eyes, feeling his other hand gripping the curve of her hip and turning her body to face him fully. The thumb disappeared from her wrist, but his fingers were dragging a trail of icy heat up her arm, and his hand had moved from her hip to the narrow point of her waist. As his fingers came to a stop holding her neck, Audrey pried her eyes open to look up at him. Glowing amber eyes were staring down at her, as his forehead dropped a fraction to touch hers. His eyes kept dropping to look at her lips, and she unconsciously licked at them each time, trying to recall if she had brushed recently. His breath was chilly as was rushing across her face; his hand was so cold it burned at the skin of her neck and waist. His fingers were toying with her hair, and she wished her would lean in already and they could get on with it. \"Audrey,\" His voice snapped her back into their moment, and she looked up at him, he had moved back a fraction, so his forehead was only brushing hers \"Is this okay?\" He breathed, and his eyes were panicked, because if she said no he was sure he would walk out into the sun as soon as it rose. She beamed at him and nodded vehemently, noting for later to add chivalrous to her list of reasons for trusting him. His whole body relaxed and he pulled her tighter against him as he did, their foreheads touched once more, and his left hand moved from her waist to mirror its twin on her neck. He tilted her head a fraction upwards and stared down at her. Tonight was the night. The night for deciding they understood the difference between right and wrong, and safety and danger, intellect and stupidity. It was also the night they decided they didn't care. Because it was a horrible idea and they knew it, the sheer amount of stupidity being show by the two of them was astounding. It was dangerous and it was going to compromise his ability to reason in the face of other dangers, it shouldn't have gotten this far, he shouldn't even have let himself have feelings for her in the first place and this wouldn't have happened. This was what ran through Edward's head, or rather it was. Until the pink tip of Audrey's tongue again made an appearance and his mind went blank. Well it would have, it had started too. But then there was the third heartbeat. Edward had been listening to Audrey's slamming so very near him, but he could hear faintly Elvis' beating at a crawl in the other room, and Samuel's down the hall. Only it wasn't down the hall anymore, it was beating just inside the doorway to the kitchen. Moving back from her face, Audrey opened her eyes with panic and confusion clouding them, he dropped his hands from her face, and looked around her, spying Samuel who stood with his left pajama leg shoved up to his knee and his top on backwards, and large tears rolling silently down his cheeks. Turning to see what had caught his attention; Audrey gasped and came to his side. \"Sammy, honey,\" She said, opening her arms to him, and cradling the child who had stepped gratefully inside, \"Nightmare?\" She asked quietly in his ear. His head moved in a fractional nod, before her arms came around her and his shoulders slumped, Audrey rubbed at his back, and smoothed down her hair. Her eyes flashed towards Edward who was backing quietly down the hall, she opened her mouth to say something to him, anything. But he moved to the staircase and was gone. Sighing, she lifted the child and move back towards his bedroom. Edward stood just in the shadows of the stairs with his eyes closed so she couldn't see him, now that her heat was away from him, every thought came rushing back. This was a problem, his judgment was slipping, and he was becoming too comfortable around her and Sam. They had slept against him a week ago for Christ sake! His head hit the wall with a thud, and he relished as the last spot of heat, chilled. Opening his eyes he listened down the hall to Audrey's heartbeat, and moved a hand to his chest. He let his fingers rest over where his heart should be beating beneath his skin, and blocked out everything he could, everything except the pounding of her heart. The slow and steady, familiar rhythm. Slowly his fingers began to tap, matching the rhythm of her heartbeat, tapping out a beat over a spot that once held life. He didn't know how long he had stood there for, listening to nothing but her life source until it came closer, moving back towards the kitchen, before he stole upstairs. Tonight wasn't the night. Are we sad? Because I'm sad, I thought tonight was the night dammit! What happened? We were doing so well, and then it all went kaput. I bet you're asking yourself right now, Ah, well. What can ya do? Well I am so very glad you asked. Review . That's what you can do, review no and then PM me at random intervals after several weeks, because I'm very forgetful. In fact this particular chapter in dedicated to lolcentral101 who just recently review my story and I don't know whether it was the reminder I had left it, or actually looking at the words 6 months which pulled me out of my funk. But there you go, so now that you know you all have the power within you. Please use it wisely and review![Chapter 15] Can we all agree I'm terrible? Seriously, I'm an awful person. I left you guys hanging for so long. I honestly can't believe myself. Is that enough self-loathing for everybody? Yes? Good. So here is the update, two years too late. But here none the less. I got a several reviews, and a lot of PMs from people asking me to keep updating this story, and I've several chapters lined up. I will try to post them weekly, but I don't want to pick a day because lord knows I won't be able to stick to it. So for now it's this one, I desperately want to finish this story, and I will do my best to update as I get new chapters coming in. All I guess I can ask is that you be patient with me, and bug the shit out of me if you feel I'm taking too long. Thanks They hadn't talked about it. It had been a week and their moment in his mother's kitchen, the night before they left hadn't been discussed. There had scarcely been any time to. The following morning, Elvis had awaked to Edward agreeing to go. Hoping that if they could get out of the house some of their reckless courage might evaporate. That if they spent a month talking to others and sleeping in beds separate from one another that they would be able to realize the risks they were taking and the foolishness they were engaging in. He hoped it would give him clarity, instead he found himself wandering about like a horny, love sick teenager. Sullen, though hiding it from everyone and desperate to find a moment alone with her. Two days after they left his house, they arrived at the first safe house. They had their own live in vampire there, a charming young vamp named Gabe. This group was vastly more accepting of Edward than the others would be; or so Elvis warned Edward. The first day that had arrived, there was lots of idle milling around the table where Edward was situated with Audrey, Elvis and various members of the group's council. He recognized a few faces from the winery. They waved, but didn't approach the table. With each passing familiar, there was half dozen unfamiliars swarming, trying to get the scoop on the new vamp, woman, and child who had shown up. Long after the meeting disbanded, Edward and Elvis sat with Gabe who had left the vamp world on the run some several months after Edward. When he had been caught with a human woman. One he had been protecting. Edward didn't want to realize the similarities in Gabe's eyes when he spoke of the woman, and he feared the answer as to where this mystery woman was, so much so that he couldn't bring himself to ask after her. Gabe did his best to fill them in on the goings on, the blood tax had been raised again, and many vamps were panicked about it. Mummers of the human resistance and the diminishing supply of blood was just at the edge of every conversation. After a few hours of these probing questions, he seemed spent, and was resorting to shrugs and half murmured answers. Elvis recognized he had given them all he could and stood to call it a night. Edward heard her laugh float over the noise, she was standing close to a member of the council, holding a coffee mug that she seemed entirely uninterested in and was beaming up at him. Jealousy raged in him. Tempered only by the thought that this was the way it had to be. They didn't belong together, he didn't have to like it but he had no right to be angry with her. Roughly he straightened, tugging at his sleeves to give him something to do, while he worked out if he was actually going to do it or not, \"Elvis,\" he called after his retreating form, his voice loud enough, and him enough of a spectacle, that it gave pause to most things, \"Smoke?\" He asked, keeping the volume to insure she heard him. Elvis cast a furtive glance to Audrey, who looked severely put out. He hadn't smoke since they left the house; she had hoped he had given it up. The smell reminded her of her father; he only smoked after a fight with her mother. He raised his eyebrows at Edward, while absent mindedly patting at his pockets for his pack. Retrieving it, before making his way to Edward, who turned to an outside door. He was being childish, he knew that. Him smoking would get a rise out of her. But he had given up so many of the things he wanted in life, he would hold on to this one, just a little longer. Besides, it wasn't like it could kill him. The eyes of the people inside stayed on his back, and he could hear them murmuring as the pair strode toward the door. But there was only one gaze he cared about; it was the one burning into the back of his neck. Elvis trailed behind Edward, and nodded to the few people he passed on his way out, smiling slightly as he did, before he let the door that Edward held open for him fall shut with a echoing slam. Edward gave his companion a withering look, at the sound, \"You think someone might have noticed?\" Elvis asked with faux sheepishness. Rolling his eyes, Ed accepted the pack Elvis handed to him, his first drag his hard and tasted like ash and lighter fluid, but he held it for a long time in his lungs, \"Thanks,\" he finally said to Lionel, indicating the cigarette, \"I let my pack run out, and forgot to get more.\" He nodded, \"I had kind of thought you were abandoning me.\" Edward smiled, letting the smoke filter though his teeth, \"You need to fix this.\" He carried on after a long moment. \"What?\" Edward asked, purposefully playing dumb, he didn't want to talk about this now. Not while he was still angry, and jealous. Not while he was still listening to Audrey laughing inside. \"Whatever is going on with you two. This trip was supposed to be about boosting moral. About showing people that humans and vamps can have a relationship, can care for one another. At the very least be around each other.\" Edward let his head fall back against the wall, \"I can't be around her.\" He breathed. Elvis shook his head, \"And why the hell not? You two seemed mighty cozy the other night.\" He glared at Lionel out of the corner of his eye, but he wasn't looking at him, he was swatting a mosquito that was buzzing at his ear. A few more weeks and summer would be in full swing, those bugs would be everywhere, successfully fending off the bug he met Edwards gaze, finding him a mess of emotion. \"Yeah, we were. That's the problem. As much as we want to tell people that not all vamps are blood thirsty monster, the fact is that I smell their blood. I could go in right now, and slaughter all those people. I would heal before they had a chance to take me down. I'm dangerous. But Audrey doesn't see it.\" Edward didn't want the rest of his cigarette. It didn't taste right, but he held it, letting it smoke near his shirt. Determined to go in smelling like he had enjoyed every second of it. \"She sees it,\" Elvis corrected quietly. \"But she also sees how strong you are. How much you care about her and Sam. How careful you are with them. You aren't exactly making it difficult to care about you.\" Edward resisted the urge to correct him. To let him know just how not careful he had been with her. Just how close he had come to making several very unwise decisions. But he didn't, he dropped his unsmoked cigarette on the ground and stamped it out. He settled his hands in his pockets and rested his back against the wall, \"I can't be around her. I agreed to his to try and distance myself from her. If I don't, I'll do something foolish. Then no one will be able to protect her.\" Elvis took one long last his of his smoke, Edward listened to the filter sizzle, \"She don't need protecting. She's a grown woman, fully capable of making her own decisions. She doesn't need you or anyone else treating her like a child. I'm not saying you have to marry her. I'm saying that you can't storm off every time another man looks twice at her.\" If Edward had been able to blush he would have had the grace to do so now, as it was all that happened was the tips of his ears got itchy, \"Especially is you're dead set on pushing her away. That girl's got needs and if you're not willing to step up to bat you can't punch out every other batter who wants to take a swing.\" He threw away his cigarette and moved inside. Edward slumped, this conversation had exhausted him, and he wished more than ever to sleep. To forget the thought of Audrey with someone who wasn't him. Forget everything that was wrong with his life, just for a few hours. The door beside him opened after some time. Long enough to find him settled on the ground, his elbows on his knees, and head in his hands. He didn't want to talk anymore, he wanted to say so, but he could never turn her away. She settled on her knees in front of him, setting a glass of blood at his side. He didn't want to drink it; he didn't want to do anything. Not when he couldn't do everything he wanted to. \"I'm sorry.\" She said quietly. He shook his head, but didn't look at her. He should be the one apologizing; he was the one who was acting like a jerk. His head was warm, and she rubbed soft circles over his scalp. The sigh he let out was shuddering, and it rippled through his chest. Finally, he lifted his head and looked at her, she looked hurt, and he was suddenly glad his heart was already broken. If it wasn't this sight would have surely done him in, \"Don't apologize.\" He started. \"No, I'm sorry. I get it. You don't trust yourself, and I pushed you. I should respect that you want to keep me safe.\" He gave her a sidelong glance. \"Been talking to Lionel?\" He asked lightly. He would kill him if he didn't mean so much to Audrey. \"Not really talking, just listening.\" She admitted, Edward tugged her wrist away from his face, it was making it hard to think, \"You weren't pushing me. We were pushing each other. But it has to stop now.\" He wanted to walk away from her, to leave it at this. In his human life, he had never been very good at discussing matters of the heart. It seemed at least that much hadn't changed. She stared at his hands, which weren't holding hers so much as cradling them, \"What if I don't want to stop?\" She said her voice almost a whisper. He didn't look at her, forced himself to keep his head back against the wall, staring at this sky. If he looked at her now, he would never look away again. She took his silence hard, and turned away from him, letting her hands fall to her lap. Ignoring the stabbing pain in his chest as soon as her skin left his, \"I thought…never mind it doesn't matter what I thought, I was being stupid. You don't want this…I shouldn't have…\" She stopped talking as his eyes snapped back to look at her, shaking his head vehemently in counter to her words. They died in her throat, as Edward rose up on his knees. Dangerously taking her face in his hands. She thought he didn't want her, that this had all been a misunderstanding, and that couldn't stand. Maybe it was selfish dangling all the things she wanted to hear in front of her face, only to deny her, maybe I made him weak to insist that she share his agony of knowledge. But he was tired of being strong. \"You have no idea how much I don't want to stop. That's the problem; I don't ever want to stop.\" Her heart was beating fast and her face was flush with excitement, and embarrassment, \"But I have to, we have to. I'm too dangerous for this, for you. I can't possibly put into words how hard it is for me to not be with you the way I want to. I've never hated my brother for what he did to me, I've been furious but never let it turn to hate. But I'll kill him for keeping me from you.\" Edward had never considered himself a violent man, which is why the heat and startling truth to his words gave him pause. Audrey's eyes dilated, and flirted down to his lips, he still held her face in his hands. For a moment, he lost his head, his speech wasn't supposed to make her was to kiss him, it was supposed to bring out in the open the mutual affection and make them both realize that they couldn't. His fingers twitched at the sides of her face, he didn't want to let go, but they were so close and her warmth was making it hard to think. It was the movement that made him drop his hands as though he had been burned, the slightest inclination of her head towards him. He could feel her pulse rushing under his pinky finger, and it brought back to the forefront of his mind all of the reason why he couldn't do it. His hands landed heavily on his legs, and he sat back away from her, he flashed a look at her face, hoping that she wouldn't be angry. Instead he found her smiling, and he tiled his head in confusion at her, \"You're a good man Edward.\" He wanted to balk. To insure her that was anything but a good man. He didn't, instead he clenched his hands, and reveled in the loss of what could have been. It was painful, but the idea of hurting her was worse. With a quick practiced motion, he downed the glass and absently pretended he didn't notice it wasn't hers. He felt the blood course through him, and let the feeling of it wash over him. Quelling the thought that it simply wasn't enough; that it would never be enough. Audrey too sat back, swiping lightly at her cheeks where he had been holding them. They stood together, though the sun had done down it was still warm, and he hoped the days of summer wouldn't be too long, he rather enjoyed being outside. Her hand on the door, she paused. He waiting patiently behind her and almost laughed at himself. He would wait an eternity for her. Audrey turned slowly to face him, her hand still poised on the knob. \"This doesn't change anything,\" She told him softly, and if it hadn't been for the wind, and the quick drone of insects they might have been back in his mother's kitchen, \"I know you're dangerous, and that for right now we can't,\" she was too near, her other hand was coming to touch his chest and she leaned forward; her nose almost touching his chin as she looked up at him, and he down at her, \"I still don't want to stop.\" In that moment, he didn't hear her heart, didn't feel the heat coming off of her. He felt an ache deep in his belly; and all he knew was that he was a man who desperately wanted this woman, and that nothing else mattered. But then she was gone. Vanishing though the doorway, and he took a moment before following, knowing if he didn't, nothing would keep her from him. He chuckled at himself when he finally did move after her. A good man indeed. So there it was. How do we all feel? Their feelings are out in the open, and there was acknowledgement. I feel like that is a huge step, and I hope all of you enjoyed the read. Drop me a review if you feel like it, or message me if I still haven't updated in a few weeks.[Chapter 16] So how many of you are ready for some truly reckless behavior? I hope all of you are happy with the direction of this story and I really hope that you all are believing the decisions the two of them are making. I just keep trying to imagine my soul mate, if such a beautiful idea exists, and being kept from him but not by distance or death, but by my own wisdom. Personally, I don't think I would be able to hold out as long as the two of them have, and the way things are looking right now, it seems they are at the end of their ropes too. Enjoy. A towel. No, a microscopic wash cloth, masquerading as a towel. The knowledge that she wore nothing underneath hit him in the gut with almost enough force to kick start his heart, almost; but more than enough to flare his libido. She had the grace to look embarrassed, but the way her leg bent and her hip cocked out enticingly, he knew that she was enjoying this moment. Four more days . He had been striking out the days in his mind as they passed. After their talk almost two weeks ago, he was sure things would calm between them; and while they had stayed in that particular compound it had, but sitting beside her sleeping form in that car three days after. With her head resting on his shoulder, and her breath rolling across his neck for hours; had affected them both, and things had gone downhill from there. Now, two weeks later, in their present safe house, which they were due to stay in for four more days. Their gracious hosts had been kind enough to offer their three guests a room of their own. With three single cots, with cots and space both limited they had accepted the offer with praises of the people who offered, and found themselves in their present problem. Sam sleeping feet away, and Audrey before him with a glorified tea towel, covering her otherwise nude body, and Edward feeling almost human again. The feeling had started as soon as they left; he hadn't been around this many humans at once, since he had been able to count himself among them. It seemed as though the people from the winery had been spread all over; and they had taken it upon themselves to share with others tales of the rogue vampire and how Edward had saved them. It didn't make them trusting, just friendly, this accompanied with Audrey's presence and that Sam would cling to him, letting Edward tell him adventure stories in the early morning, as had been their post breakfast tradition at the house. Edward found it that his heart stood still to be the only part of his life that wasn't decidedly human. He cleared his throat, and shifted uncomfortably on his cot, Audrey watched his reaction. He didn't regret voicing his feeling for her in the least, he was ecstatic to know she felt the same. But it seemed Audrey felt she could tease him now, and he couldn't categorize in his head whether or not it was a good thing. He like it certainly, the flirty touches on his arms or chest the heated gazes much like she was giving him now, all of it would have made his blood run hot ten years ago. It seemed to have no less effect on his mind now. But was it good? It made good judgment feel as though I were slipping away from him. Looking back on previous times, he knew the wise choice had been made not acting on those particular thoughts. But the longer she stood, bathed in the warm yellow light of the single lamp, the more skin he seemed to see; and the more skin he saw, the harder it was to remember hindsight, much less think of good judgment. All he could think was whether it would take him three strides to get o her, or four. Just as he figured four, Audrey moved, though not towards him to his eternal agony. But for the lamp. It clicked deafeningly in the room. Then the only light in the room was the faint amber glow of his eyes. He could still see her. She knew he could, but the cover of darkness had always given them the courage to do things they wouldn't in harsh light. She hesitated at the side of her cot, fingering the neatly folded stack of clothes she had left there. Her eyes flicked back to him, finding the two points of his eyes easily. Her heart was beating quickly, she was nervous. For a moment, neither of them breathed and then the towel moved. Just the corner, she let it roll down a fraction, he could see the very tops of both of her breasts. The smooth expanses of skin kicked him swiftly in the chest. The thought of having to see her like this; in the dark like it was something to hide. Before he had gotten the chance to truly be with her, to see this sight would be a god send, and then to live without the benefits of it would be anguish. His eyes did close, but it took effort, \"Not like this.\" The words could be a catchphrase for their entire relationship. He hated himself, he hated what he was, and he hated Frankie. He felt like an insolent child, pouting in his room, angry at the world because it hadn't been fair to him. He listened intently to her heartbeat and the quiet shuffling. He bit into his lip fighting a groan when he heard the towel fall to the floor with a damp slap. The bedsprings shifted a moment later, as their seized under her weight, and Audrey let out a heavy breath. \"You can look, I'm decent.\" She said teasingly. The humor in her voice, matched the smile on her face, and he felt relieved. He hadn't wanted to try and explain that it hadn't been that he didn't want to see her. He grinned back at her watched as a wide yawn over took her, as she blinked slowly. After a small moment, and a large amount of deliberation he looked back at her, \"You're beautiful.\" He realized then that he had never told her before. He had always assumed she knew, and he knew she wasn't the type of girl to always need someone telling her. If she had been he would have been more than happy to oblige her at every available opportunity. But in that moment, he didn't think he could have held it back, even if she had asked him to. A blush rose to her cheeks and her grin nearly broke her face, her eyes close heavily and she wrapped the blanket tighter around herself, \"You are a good man.\" She commented lightly, and let her body slide into sleep. Edward rolled to his side, settling in to keep watch over her and Sam for the night; as he had done every night when possible. Maybe he was a good man after all. It is my deepest desire that you all have read and enjoyed this chapter, and that their actions and motives are making sense. I want to write believable characters, and believable, real-life situations, ** causally ignores that this story centers on vampires** and their subsequent reactions. Please leave me a review if you think I hit the mark, or if you think I didn't. I'm always aiming to please the masses.[Chapter 17] So this bad boy right here ended up being over 3,000 words, which is kind of awesome for me. I do hope you are all enjoying these sporadic updates. I know I'm sure having fun getting back into this one; I did miss it truly while I was away. But please enjoy and feel free to drop me a review if you feel up for it. Edward looked at the vast crowd, listening to the deafening sound of their heartbeats. He sat off in the corner of the room by himself, just watching and feeling oddly bittersweet about leaving that night. This had been the final stop in their month long journey. They had been there for three days but already there was a shift in the behavior of the humans towards him. Whereas seventy-two hours ago, if he had sat alone in a somewhat darkened corner, it would have been cause for alarm and most likely uneasy chatter, wondering if he was scoping out a target. Now, he had barely been spared a glance and those who had, looked on with curiosity rather than concern, and offered him small, tight lipped smiles when noticed. He spied Elvis in a large group of people, he would have lent an ear towards it if he had thought it important, but Elvis was smiling widely, and waving his arms about. He recognized the gestures; he was entertaining the crowd with the story of how he became human again. A story Edward had been privy to on more than on occasion, as Elvis was convinced the event could be reproduced. Edward wasn't so sure, if the idea had been brought to him nine months previous, he would have jumped on it, desperate to find a cure. But now, his eyes flickered to Audrey, who chased around Sam and several other children, their faces alight with a glee Edward hadn't known in quite some time. Now, he had something to lose. Now he couldn't risk the experiment not working, not if it meant he never even had the chance to kiss her, to sleep beside her and wake up to realize he was the luckiest man alive. Not before he had told her that he loved her. Edward was certain now that he did love her, not only that he was in love with her. He had gotten the inkling the night she had cut his hair. He had always been attracted to her, and he found himself comfortable in her presence. But that night, as she lay in his arms, he considered for the first time that he hated his brother for making him this way, for making it so that they couldn't be together. He knew that if he wasn't careful he would let this attraction and apparent infatuation turn into love. But he had never been able to be careful with her. He had bet big, and technically lost. But it had never felt like losing, Audrey look up at him, she was talking to the gather children quietly, pointing to Edward. Sam was nodding enthusiastically, the other children were whispering to each other for a long moment, before they came up from their huddle grinning. Audrey smiled back and flicked her gaze to him. Edward tilted an ear towards them to signal he was listening. The room quieted as he honed in on her heartbeat, and quiet breath, \"You ready?\" She asked the down of giggling children around her, \"Edward will you come play hide and seek with us?\" She was whispering, and the way she said his name in her raspy, out of breath way sent a shiver down the length of his spine. He looked back at the expectant faces, and grinned, before standing. There were amazed gasps from several, and Sam crossed his arms smugly at the apparent nay-sayers. Audrey clapped as he made his approach, rolling up the sleeves of his button down. He knew he was attracting attention from the adults as he moved calmly for the children. But to his relief, no one's heart so much as twitched in concern, \"Hide and seek is it?\" He asked once he reached them. The children stared up at him as Sam moved to stand at his side, Edward unconsciously dropped a hand to his head running it lightly through his hair before settling it down on his shoulder, Audrey nodded, \"And you're it!\" She cried loudly, tapping the table they had been using as base and sprinting in the other direction. There were peals of laughter as several pulled Sam from Edward to hide. Eyes closed and hands spread out on the table, he loudly counted to thirty. \"Ready or not, here I come!\" He called in the suddenly quiet room; most were lending at least one eye towards the game. This was the most 'normal' type setting they had seen him in. He listened for a long moment, looking about as he singled out the heartbeats he needed, one was almost startlingly near. He moved slowly to one side of the table. \"No puppy guarding!\" A high pitched voice rang out from the distance, and he laughed. Quick as lightening he dove under the table, moving chairs aside as he wrapped a gentle hand around the shoulder of the girl underneath. Her green eyes widened her face the picture of terror as she let out a scream. Though psychically Edward froze, mentally he raced. Cataloging as he went, were his fangs out? No. Was he gripping her too hard? No. Was it his eyes, were they swirling with blood lust? His terror stopped his thoughts there as he felt the weight of this settling hard over top of him. He had just undone months of work. Everything they had accomplished, the trust they had built with these people, was over in an instant. News of this would travel quickly, and before they had managed to arrive back at his mother's home, the twisted stories of what had happened here tonight would be spread far and wide, effecting the minds of all those who had met him. If he couldn't even play an innocent game with a child, then how could he get an entire race to trust him? Painfully he withdrew his hand, when a miracle happened. He heard laughter, several scattered chuckles from the watching adults and at last he registered that the green eyes, were now crinkled in a smile. Lifting her gently from under the table he settled the giggling girl down on its top, and she crossed her legs staring up at him, \"You're fast\" She said, flashing him a toothy grin with a hint of a lisp. He smiled gently down at her and turned to face the room. Hoping desperately that his panic had gone unnoticed, there was small patched of people all of who had halted all conversation, but he saw after a moment it was only to watch the progress of their game. Six more heartbeats, three spread out, three grouped together, he moved for the group betting at least one of the three could see him as they kicked up in excitement as he neared. Behind a stacked set of chairs, there were six ankles that flitted in and out of view, tittering back and forth as they devised which way to run. A scream rang through the open air as a sandy haired boy slammed his hands down on the table. Wheezing out breaths and clambering up on the table next to the girl, to watch them, \"Base.\" He hollered to him smugly, Edward identified him as the same voice who had warned him against guarding the base too closely. The heartbeats were moving. Further to the left, away from the table into deep shadow, he would see them clearly though they couldn't know that. There was one heartbeat, Sam, which was moving just outside his vision. Closer to the table as he was distracted with the gaggle of children. Just as it broke out into the room, Edward turned spying Sam as his back was to him. Glancing over his shoulder, he froze. His heart stuttering with excitement. Throwing caution to the wind he made a break for it. Laughing Edward gave chase, halfhearted. As he listened to the trio of heartbeats and their frantic shuffling of feet when they realized their chance. Sam was breathing hard, and working his legs for all they were worth. Edward could have easily reached him, but at the last moment he pulled up. Slowing just enough that his hands reached his shoulder a moment after Sam's hands slapped against the table top. The two children let out triumphant squeals as Sam turned to grin up at him. Edward lifted him up to sit with the other, tickling his sides as he did. Two more children appeared at his sides, red faced and panting, and high fiving their friends as they climbed up. The last was behind him, and he turned to find Audrey and the small child caught trying to turn and re-hide. The girl froze, her hand tightening in Audrey's. With a determined look, Audrey encouraged the child to run to the side, before she charged at him. If Edward gave a second thought to the girl, he didn't remember it. All he saw was Audrey running towards him, with a smile on her face, and he was certain it was a dream. Or he would have been, if he were able to sleep. Her eyes were lit up with laughter and he thought it very possible that if he collapsed in that moment, he could die happy with that being the last thing he ever saw. Then suddenly, she was faking right, and running left, but she would never out run him, not just because of his superhuman speed. But because he would never lose her. There was nowhere in the world she could run to that he wouldn't follow. Her eyes widened in surprise when he was suddenly before her, his arms coming around her waist as he wrapped her up. She laughed high and long as her arms came around his shoulders. She tucked her face into his neck, and breathed hard. He was laughing too, enjoying this moment with her. Ignoring the fact that they were in a room full of people who were watching their moment turn from light hearted game to something more. Even with them there Edward never wanted this moment to end. He felt so light with her in his arms, like all of the complications of their relationship because simple as long as they stood there. She was warm against his chest as she always was. But now there was something else there too, a heat that licked small flames over his heart, and made him want to hold her tighter. She moved her head back from his neck and her eyes came into view. Edward looked down at her, his neck chilling, but he couldn't bring himself to care. Their foreheads touched and their breaths mingled. He tried to reign in his mind; this moment wasn't just a man in love with a woman. Remembering that they didn't belong to each other, even if he belonged to her in his heart. It wasn't enough. \"I got you.\" He managed to whisper while controlling the urge to lean forward those last few inches and confirm the wicked thoughts in his head. That one kiss from her would jump start his heart, that it would bring him back to life. She grinned secretively at him, and nodded moving to place her mouth just beside his ear, \"You certainly do.\" He let his arms come out from around her waist, sliding his hand over her hips, as they stepped away from one another. Audrey turned a sheepish eye to the adults around them who carried the tact to turn away from their private moment. Edward spotted one woman on his search for Sam; she was among a few still looking at them. A man beside her hand an arm looped around her waist, his fingers idly playing with the hem of her shirt. He watched the motion of it for a long moment, jealous of the intimacy of it His eyes turned back to the woman's face. He had never spoken with her, and he certainly never had discussed with her the finer details of his relationship with Audrey. But the look she gave him as she rubbed absent circles over the back of that man's hand. Said she understood, that she recognized and sympathized the longing that had for each other. He turned away from the woman, jealousy spreading in his stomach hotly, and resumed his search for Sam. He found him grinning in a group of kids. \"He looks so happy.\" Audrey said, suddenly beside him. If he were particularly good at lying he would insist that he didn't know she was there. But since he was for the most part, painfully honest, he knew he was constantly lending at least one ear towards her heartbeat, or towards her voice. Any part of her that he could listen to when he couldn't see her, or even when he could. Edward nodded, \"I know. It's going to be hard leaving tonight.\" If he thought Audrey would ever agree, he would suggest leaving Sam here. As much as the idea pained him. Sam could have friends here, could grow up, meet a girl, and make a life. Maybe, just maybe, clear out whatever memories blocked his voice. Make new memories, ones so wonderful that they might make the horrors he had experienced seem a little more fuzzy and light at the edges, a little harder to remember correctly. Edward slowed down his steam engine of thought when he began to realize that he wanted those things for himself too. \"You think he'll be okay at the house after this?\" Edward looked at her. He had been so focused on himself, and what this trip would do to the two of them he hadn't stopped to consider how it might affect Sam. Whether he would be okay to be carted back to a house with just the three of them. To spending his days alone, neglected by two people so wrapped up in their own emotions that they don't stop to think about him, not really think about him. Edward felt guilty; he made a mental note to do more things with Sam as soon as they returned to the house. \"He'll understand.\" Edward said, hoping he was right, never having been more hopeful that someone would forgive him. Audrey nodded, \"Doesn't mean he has to like it.\" Edward nodded back, as though sensing himself being brought up, Sam looked up at the pair, grinning widely, as the children chattered a mile a minute around him. It was a nice sight to see. \"Are you ready to be back home?\" She asked and his stomach fluttered at the idea of her thinking of his home as hers enough to call it so. \"I'm ready to lie in my own bed.\" He commented lightly, quelling the thought that he really looked forward to lying in his bed with her by his side. She smiled, the knuckles of her hand brushing against his, in a slow deliberate way, \"I'm ready to lie in your bed too.\" She said quietly. Looking down at their hands as she turned her wrist over his to run her fingers over his palm. He snapped a heated gaze to her face; she looked up from drawing mindless shapes over his palm. Their eyes met, and the mutual heat sent sparks racing across his palms. He closed his hand, trapping her fingers in his hand, \"Me too.\" They surveyed each other quietly, the longer they looked the hotter their gazes grew until finally, as Edward was unconsciously searching for a corner of this compound where there wasn't a heart beating. Elvis interrupted them. Audrey must have been thinking along the same lines, as they both guiltily dropped the others hand. If Elvis noticed and Edward was almost certain he had, he said nothing about it. He grunted and rubbed at hand gruffly over his whiskered chin, \"We should go now if we want to be back in time for you three to get a good night's sleep.\" They knew Elvis didn't mean Edward, but it was just one more thing on a long list of things that were making him feel human. A list so long, that is made it easy to forget that he wasn't like them, if only for a few moments. The frequency, of which this list grew with each passing day, was astounding. He had everything he had ever dreamed of, and it only gave him a bittersweet taste in his mouth. Audrey left his side to collect Sam from his friends, leaving Edward to stand next to Lionel, his head turned to watch her go, \"You think I'll be able to live with her?\" Edward had asked him once before, but that had been so long ago, so many things had changed. It was like he had somehow looped back to that night in the winery, with the stakes raised considerably. Elvis eye's his carefully, letting his gaze slide to Audrey who had an arm wrapped around Sam's shoulder as he walked slowly away from the small pile of childr3en still gathered on the table, watching them go. If Audrey knew Elvis was looking at her, she didn't acknowledge it. She held Edward's gaze, passing heat as though they had never been interrupted, until Elvis finally spared him one last glance, \"I still think you're going to need a lot of luck.\" He said, turning to head for the door. As Audrey reached him and let her warm hand wrap around his bicep, sliding slowly down his arm to wrap up his hand and drag him along after her, Edward was inclined to agree with him. Are we happy for the two of them? Or sad? I still can't decide how I feel about the whole situation. But I do know I'm excited for the two of them to get back into that house together now that they have admitted they care for one another. I also will be putting Sam as a true character, because it hit me the other day that while Audrey and Edward have been growing closer they have kind of been ignoring Sam. But rest assured I will be giving him some more air time here in the near future. Don't forget to drop me a review, let me know what you think.[Chapter 18] We're back in Ed's house! So excited for you all to see the way the relationship has changed between Edward and Audrey! So excited for the upcoming chapters! So excited to introduce you to come characters that have previously been absent from my story! So excited for my own OC's making an appearance very soon! Did I mention I'm excited? I did? I'm so excited I mentioned it! The house stood tall, stoic and exactly as they had left it. Only the faint pink on the horizon wasn't the start of a long night, but the end of one. Edward touched Sam's cheek lightly, shaking his shoulder to wake him. Listening to his heart change from sleep to consciousness, he let his eyes close as he did, as he always did. Since the morning Edward had woken him up and heard the fearful beat of his heart when the child saw the glowing eyes staring back at him. He hadn't screamed, but Edward had moved quietly about the house that day. Trailed by Sam, who seemed to understand what his fear of Edward had done to him. The boy came just to the surface of consciousness, breathing roughly to show his displeasure at being awoken. The small, though not for very much longer, limbs came around Edward clinging to him, and Edward grinned, \"Alright buddy.\" He said lifting him, Audrey moved beside them, rubbing lightly at Sam's back as she moved past them to retrieve the few bags they had taken with them. Edward moved through his home slowly, taking back in the familiar air, which had grown a little stale in the month of disuse. Even still he had missed the place considerably, missed his bed, his mother's kitchen, the familiar rolling hills out back. The door to Sam's room creaked slightly, and the child sighed as he was placed down in the cool sheets. Immediately stretching to grab the pillow, and tuck it not beneath his head, but his chin, hugging it tightly to his chest. Edward smiled, and ran a hand through his hair gently, before returning to the front door to find his foyer piled with bags and supplies. Audrey was just leaning away from hugging Lionel. The pair turned to look at him, \"You're more than welcome to stay the night.\" Edward told him again. But he shook his head at the eyes glowing in the shadows. \"Got a long drive, all the way up the coast. If I don't leave now, I won't reach it before day after tomorrow, and they've been telling me for two weeks it's urgent. Can't hold them off any longer.\" Elvis said with a certain amount of irritation. Audrey had moved to stand beside Edward, her arms wrapped around her though it wasn't particularly cold, \"Any idea what they want?\" She asked as though the question hadn't been poised before. But Lionel shook his head again, with a lift of his shoulders, \"Just keep telling me it's a matter too sensitive to risk being intercepted. I'll keep you all posted. I know you've got people up that way, but try not to worry.\" He said to Audrey, who nodded in a way that seemed concerned and Edward tried not to feel jealous that Elvis knew things about her that he didn't. They said their goodbyes, and watched Elvis drive until his tail lights disappeared in the distance, soon they found themselves involved in their nightly routines. He stood behind her, as they brushed their respective teeth. Each moment aware of the minimal space between them, and the exposed skin not normally afforded them as they stood in night clothes. Edward took a long moment to star4e at her, as she couldn't see his reflection. Carefully the pair leaned around one another, never touching. Then moving back to the bedroom, climbing into bed, reveling in the familiar comfort it offered them. Sinking into the sheets, Edward turned his head, Audrey was looking at him, and he wanted nothing more than to kiss her. TO let his fingers explore the smooth skin of her shoulders. Instead he blinked, slowly and clenched his hands into fists, \"Who do you know up the coast?\" As far as he knew Elvis was headed somewhere seventy miles away, a day trip in a life long ago, but now there were a lot of vamps between here and there, and most humans had to stay put once they started hunting them. Audrey seemed surprised by the question, but rolled onto her side to face him, \"They might be there, I'm not sure. It's been a long time since I've spoken to them. Even longer since I've seen them. They could be dead, or captured, or…\" Her voice trailed off, and Edward took a moment to digest that they lived in a world where you could think about someone being dead, or imprisoned so easily, but not being exactly what he was. He nodded, cringing at the information, \"Family?\" He questioned quietly. Her shoulder slumped and then tightened, \"Almost.\" There was a tension in her voice, he had never heard her use before, and not on he recognized, his face must have shown confusion because she laughed lightly in a way that didn't reach her eyes, \"I'm sorry I'm not intentionally being cryptic. I just…don't want you to get the wrong idea.\" Edward settled the thoughts racing in his mind, \"Well why don't you give me the right idea.\" He said teasingly, hoping she wouldn't recognize the nervousness in his voice. She gave him a cryptic look, but nodded anyway, \"Two people, my ex-fiancé's mother and little brother.\" Edward felt like he had been punched in the gut, he swelled thickly. He hadn't been under the impression that he had been the only man who entered her life. He knew all too well she's probably had boyfriends and lovers before her race became endangered. But evidently that didn't make hearing about it any easier. Her eyes scanned his face, as she watched him take the news. \"I'm not in love with him,\" She said suddenly, \"Not now at least. I'm not sure I ever really was. I think I loved the idea of him, more than I actually loved him. It went both ways, we were both attractive, single twenty-something's. We worked for the same company, we had the same friends, had complimenting life goals. Our relationship was convenient, and it made sense.\" She paused to look at him now, \"Somewhere along the way I realized that I didn't want a love that was convenient. I wanted something that was all consuming. Something that made me feel dangerous, in a safe way.\" Audrey trailed off with a laugh. Edward felt sick, not only because she had been engaged. That had broken up not because the world ended, or because he had been turned, but because they hadn't loved each other. The weight of his true feelings sunk heavily in his stomach. He loved her, he was sure of it; he was bursting at the seams to tell her. But on the heels of this particular confession, and with her body lying next to his, and her warmth seeping into his heart and mind. He thought the outcome would be disastrously pleasurable. Instead he shifted to lie on his side, mirroring her, \"So if it ended that way. Then why worry about his family?\" As soon as the words left his mouth he realized how it probably sounded, and he hoped she would understand he wasn't trying to be rude. She didn't seem offended, she smiled wistfully instead, and \"Ana was an amazing woman. The first time Alex brought me home to meet her; she walked right up to me and hugged me. Her home always smelled like food. Even once Alex and I ended it, we still talked. She just wanted me to be happy, and she understood that while Alex was a good man He wasn't the one who could make me really happy. His brother Anthony, he was a teenager when we knew each other. But he was so sweet, not sullen or sarcastic. He was genuine; I missed him terrible once we broke things off. I couldn't bring myself to go see him after, it didn't feel right. But when Ana and I talked, she would always say hello from him.\" She shrugged, and twisted so her arm lay underneath her head. \"Have you spoken with them since everything went to hell?\" Edward asked, wondering how high her expectations were for seeing them again. The small smile that had situated itself on her face lost a notch, and she shook her head, \"There was a missed call from her and Alex the day they started hunting us. But there weren't any messages. By the time there was a moment to call, it was too dangerous. We didn't know how they were finding us. I joined a group from my apartment building; they decided to head for the country. I wanted to wait to hear from them, or go find the, But once I found them, what would we have done then? How would we have gotten out? No vehicles, no means of running, no money, no ways to get supplies. We would have been killed, I just had to go and hope that they ran, or hid, pray to whomever it was that was supposed to be watching that they survived.\" Tears brimmed her eyes, at the thought of them being dead, or turned or captured. He listed to her heart beat quick, guilty beats, His gut wrenched and he reached out to smooth a hand down her face, and before he could think better of it. He pulled her face into his T-shirt clad chest. Her arms came around his waist and she gripped him tight as the first sob broke from her throat. He could feel the fat, wet tears soaking through his shirt, and he rubbed gently down his back, keeping a safe distance from the small of her back. Knowing her was in a fragile place, and if this moment shifted, and she looks up at him, with her grief stricken brown eyes, he would have the will to say no to her. Finally as her brief moment of grief subsided, and she turned to lay her head flat against him, he stilled his hands and they lay in silence for a long moment, \"Elvis will be there in the morning. He'll send word as soon as he knows.\" He assured her, though he was confident she already knew this. Audrey nodded against him, sighing deeply, and burrowing deeper into the covers wrapping a leg through both of his, and rubbing her face back and forth before seeming to settle. His hand picked up the gentle glide, the soothing up and down motion, until she finally fell into sleep, he held her close to him and whispered quietly to her when her brow furrowed, and her muscles tensed at her imagined enemies, He wanted to wake her, he wanted to hold her, to make her feel dangerous, in a safe way. He wanted to tell her he loved her, he wanted to tell her that he wanted her. As the momentary nightmare ended, and her body relaxed, she sighed blissfully, and scraped her nails at the small of his back. He bit back a moan, and capped his desire to wake her with his tongue on her collarbone. A good man? Maybe. So how do we all like the back stories going on here? I've got some more lined up to integrate into the story, including some insight into Elvis' past for those who are interested in how I think he became the man we all know and love. Anywhoo, drop me a review if you feel I've earned it. Or just to say hey. Or because you understand I'm a terrible vain individual, and if you compliment me I will update sooner out of the sheer pleasure of knowing you guys are digging on my story. Or don't leave me anything if you want to be lame like that. Until next time friends![Chapter 19] 63 views and not 1 review. That cuts deep; almost as deep as my biting sarcasm...I'm just teasing guys. I love all my non-reviewers. Thank you all for reading, even if you don't review. I appreciate you all so much! Here is chapter 20, honestly I never thought I would make it this far. Please read and enjoy, and drop me a review if you think of it. If you don't, then just enjoy! Audrey awoke that morning to an empty bed, and a head full of memories of what it felt like to fall asleep in his arms, while he stroked gently at her back. She lay on her back and remembered how his hand would stutter and still when he felt the beginnings of the inward curve of her spine. How he would carefully remove his hand and start again at the top. She purposefully avoided the memories of their conversation that led them to that part. There was a muffled voice floating though the open door and she sat up smiling. Her feet stuck slightly to the hardwood floor in the chilly morning air, she wrapped her arms securely around herself. Edward was stooped beside Sam, as the pair stared out into the backyard. His voice was low as he spoke to Samuel, but his head was half turned in her direction and she knew he was listening to her descent. She busied herself with her morning coffee, and sipped cautiously at the steaming liquid. Their one-sided conversation came to a close with two sets of eyes settling on her. Audrey raised her eyebrows to them, and Sam moved back to his breakfast, as Edward moved beside her to make himself a cup. Silently moving back to the fridge to mix some blood in. She didn't watch. She didn't mind, but she knew the visual bothered him. When he returned to her side, his hand came to rest on the counter, just beside her hip. Audrey watched it for a moment, long enough for him to know she had noticed. His pinky rested against the very edge of her sleep shorts, he didn't so much as twitch it to or away from her, and she finally looked up at him, finding a small smile had formed on his face. \"Sorry I had to leave before you woke up. I heard him moving around down here.\" He said flashing his eyes to the boy, thoroughly invested in his eggs and toast. She shrugged a shoulder to him, \"I was alright. I didn't think you snuck home with your shoes in your hands and without your boxers.\" Edward watched her over the rim of his mug, trying desperately to keep from the forefront of his mind the mental image she had given him of an implied one night stand. He was proud; he kept his face passive, and managed not to choke on his coffee. \"The pool,\" Edward said suddenly, relieved that he could manage other thoughts, \"He noticed it this morning. I think he wants to use it.\" If Audrey was affect by the moment, he couldn't tell, she moved next to him and looked through the window to the spot about fifteen feet away where the grass changed to smooth stone and a small pool. She furrowed her brows and took a large gulp of coffee while she thought, \"Is it clean?\" Edward shrugged, \"It's got an automatic filter, and we've got leftover chemicals in the shed.\" Audrey glanced to the left and saw a small tin shack \"Is it safe?\" She asked looking back at the side of the pool. \"I mean once the chemicals are in there, he should be fine. It's getting warmer all the time, so until it's hot I guess just don't let him walk around with a wet head.\" Edward said with a shrug and a fleeting glance to see that Samuel had paused in playing with his food to listen to the conversation. She nodded absently at his side, \"I mean is he safe from…\" Her voice trailed off, and she turned to notice the child's ear to the conversation. Edward registered and let his mind catch up, \"Um…\" He dropped his voice to a whisper, and stepped close to her, aligning his mouth with her ear, \"I'm not really sure. None of the reports from Elvis says there are vamps living out this way. Too far from the city, the longer the transport the higher the blood tax. I hadn't seen or smelled any within miles of here in months. But I don't know. If he's out in the open in the day…I won't be able to save him.\" The thought struck a chord of pain in his heart; he hadn't felt the vulnerable or useless in months. Audrey was back to nodding and he was distracted by the way her muscles tensed in the motion; \"Maybe…I don't even know if he can swim.\" She said and turned to look at him, as she did the shell of her ear dragged along the swell of his bottom lip before he had the time to back up. She paused to breathe deeply, as Edward quickly moved away from her before he did something truly stupid like ravaging her up against the counter and hoping Sam wouldn't turn around. \"Sam,\" he said, coming around to the other side of the chair, the boy seemed, appropriately curious, and not at all like he hadn't been listening to their conversation. He made the mental note to keep an ear out for him during sensitive conversations, \"Sam, bud. Can you swim?\" He asked gently. Sam would have been very young when blood became so scarce they had to start hunting humans. It was likely Sam didn't, it was likely that if he had been in a pool at all, he been a baby and wouldn't remember. From the way the boy's face fell he found his answer. Audrey came quickly to his side, and smoothed a hand down his neck, \"Edward and I will talk about it,\" she said eyeing him over the top of Sam's head. \"But if it's a yes. I can teach you how to swim.\" Sam's head shot up to look at her. A smile plastered to his face, he jumped from her perch into her arms and she laughed. He reigned pecks down on the side of her cheek, and hugged her neck tight. Her eyes closed as she returned his affection, \"We're not saying yes, just that we'll talk about it.\" She clarified, and Sam nodded. Insistent he understood the difference, but his grin hadn't faded. \"Alright, clear your plate and you go get dressed. We've got to talk.\" Edward said and watched as the child was gone quick as lightening. Desperate to let them discuss it. They watched him go and remained in silence until they were certain that he was in his room, still facing the hallway she sighed deeply, \"We can't possible say no after that can we?\" There was a smile in her tone, but the hang of her shoulder made her sentence apprehensive. Edward moved forward and wrapped a gentle had around the back of her neck, squeezing until she let the tension out. He felt light and fulfilled, touching her so freely. Apparently the admission of their feelings gave her, the license to tease, and him to touch, \"Don't worry,\" He said quietly from just beside her ear, \"I'll keep a nose out from in here. You'll keep a weapon out there, and we'll make sure he knows that he comes flying to me after a word from either of us.\" She nodded slowly, still facing in the direction Sam had wandered off in, but her eyes were closed and she was leaning into her massaging hand, \"Just…\" she paused to bite into her lips as his fingers found a particularly tight knot, \"Just tell me he'll be safe.\" Audrey turned to face him, she gripped his wrist so his hand stayed put, cradling the back of her beck, he tugged her close and she moved so that her head lay against his chest. He left his hand at the back of her neck as her arms came around him, laying her palms against the flat of his back, \"I'm not going to let anything happen to either of you.\" He spied Samuel sticking her eye around the corner. Audrey pulled Edward tighter towards her. He felt his hand tighten against her neck. Never before had he made such a solemn promise, and it was one he was determined never to break. Are we happy with all the physical contact here recently? I know I am, I also hope everyone enjoyed this installment, please tune in soon for the next chapter it's sure to be a doosie.[Chapter 20] Audrey had been gone for twelve hours, forty three minutes and thirteen seconds, and Edward had been worried for every last millisecond. From the moment she had stepped into the back of the inconspicuous blood truck; fear had crippled him. Even though he knew any vampires they crossed, and they weren't likely to cross any with the route they had plotted, would smell the very faint smell Audrey gave off though the reinforced walls, and assume its deliveries had been made already. When a truck was full you could smell it come a mile away, vamps would follow it with unconscious excitement, like children after an ice cream truck. But an empty truck was no more use to them than their empty stomachs. Sam shifted beside him, turning his face to rest on another part of his chest; Edward realized that he had stopped reading. He wondered if Samuel knew how to read, he had spent plenty of time sounding out the letters to him, and explaining what letter made which sound. But he couldn't tell if anything stuck, he was certainly intelligent enough to understand the concept, but Edward was never quite sure how to ask him. There was a faint noise across the house, and Sam perked up a bit. Looking at the doorway, but Edward shook his head, \"She only left this morning, don't worry she's fine. I've got my ear out for her.\" Sam smiled, if he knew Edward couldn't possibly hear her from this distance, he obviously didn't say so. He just lay his head back down and continued listening. Not long later, after he had finished the book and tucked Samuel in, Edward paced the kitchen rubbing a shaking hand though his hair, fifteen hours, twenty minutes and three seconds. He had realized shortly after Samuel's heart found a sleepy rhythm that they had not spent a night apart since they met. Now he realized it was for good reason, he couldn't possibly be expected to lie down while she was out there, somewhere, without him, being fragile and human. In many situation where he couldn't protect her. He should have gone with her. He should have insisted when the letter came from Elvis that morning, the one where he had said they did have something very important on their hands. Something she needed to see, something sensitive. Something that Edward and Sam didn't need to see. He should have told her that if she goes, they all do. But he didn't, because he knew she wouldn't listen to him. She would have said that if Lionel had needed them all there, he would have told them all to come. She would have listed the half dozen reasons why two extra bodies arriving unannounced would be a terrible idea. Without even stepping into the fact that one of those bodies was a vampire. He sighed and turned to pace the kitchen for the hundredth tome. His legs locked though the familiar motion, and he thought about the moment she had left, she had leaned down and kissed Samuel on his forehead, and watched him run her last bag to the waiting van. He had been very insistent on helping for a boy who didn't speak. She had turned to look at him, and he stared at the wall as she wrapped a small arm around his middle. She traced a faint, slightly crooked line up his spine, and he dropped his chin to rest on her hand. Her warm face lay easily against his chest, and she sighed, his arms tightening around her, \"Where is it you're going again?\" he asked for the umpteenth time. She smiled against her will, the insistence on her protection was endearing, she had decoded the directions for him more than once, and gone so far as to point out the general location, at least three times, \"You know.\" She mumbled into his shirt. He nodded, he did know, but it didn't put his mind at any sort of ease. He felt her start to lean away from him and against his better judgment he let her. Even though he knew her lifting her head would mean an eventual end to their embrace, and it would mean at some point she would leave the house, and if he wasn't holding her how could he knew for sure she was safe? Seeming to sense his discomfort she only moved as far away from him as was necessary to see his face which admittedly was still too far for comfort, \"Lionel wouldn't send me anywhere dangerous, and I'm sure he had a very good reason for asking the two of you to stay behind.\" Edward frowned though a nod. She was right of course, Lionel prioritized Audrey's safety even when he shouldn't or it wasn't necessary. He wouldn't summon Audrey unless it was completely safe or the circumstances were extreme enough to warrant the tossing of caution to the wind. It was the latter that concerned him. But the casual way in which Audrey and more importantly her heart had reacted to the affair made him think perhaps he was overreacting to the situation. She watched him now and he watched her. They could have stepped away, but they didn't. Strangely, it felt as though they were both waiting for something. He knew he should do something, say something. A particular something, it was just on the tip of his tongue. The words that had spun unsaid around every thought of her for a solid month now. But this wasn't the moment to say it, if he said it now, it would seem like he had only told her because she was leaving, would it cheapen the words? He didn't know. He wanted to say it, it was his own fault for not saying it, but she hadn't said it either. The memories of that morning swam in his head, and it made everything difficult to process. But one thought stood firm. He should have told her. Pride be dammed, he should have done something; something other than let their hug linger, and tell her to be safe. When the crunch of the tires had finally faded from his ears, he realized as much. He heard Samuel sigh in his sleep, and Edward paused for a moment to listen to him. He let the realization that at least he could keep one of them safe sink firmly into his mind. It helped, but not much. He let out a heavy sigh and hung his head. He couldn't remember a time since he had been turned that he had felt this exhausted. He wished he could just crawl into his bed and forget everything about this world. That he could hold Audrey in his arms as they fell into unconsciousness together. Edward retreated to his bed at hour sixteen because his listlessness was making him anxious; and his anxiety was making him want to collect Samuel and the go bags they had previous packed, and throw them in the back of his car to head up there right then. Whatever it was he could handle it, and he would protect them, at all costs. He lay on top of his comforter and pulled her pillow to rest against his chest, closing his eyes, hoping to trick his mind into believing that the encased down feathers which held faint traces of her smell, was actually her in the flesh. He wrapped himself around it. Sinking into the feeling for the rest of the night. It didn't hold for very long. At some point in time, hour twenty, though he refused to consciously acknowledge that he had still been keeping track. He lay on his back and watched the light outside grow brighter. In a few hours it would be a full twenty four hours since he had seen her. The thought left him feeling empty How had he done this for ten years? He couldn't remember the process of counting away the night. He didn't think it had been quite as bothersome as this. If it had been, he probably would have offed himself a long time ago. But the cure. It had been his drive. He may have worked under the guise of finding a blood substitute. But his most trusted lab assistants knew his real desire was to be human. Most in his line of work shared his sympathies, everyone turned for one reason or another. Be it a herd mentality, or for a loved one; or maybe the idea of immortality appealed to them most. Whatever the reason most vamps in this day and age felt a certain degree of unrest over the lessening amount of blood in the world. A substitute might be what they cried for publically, but he had found that a cure is what lay nearer the desires of their hearts. His mind lay scattered in one hundred different places, and his head ached. Sighing, he rose from his bed, not bothering to look at the clock. It wasn't the time he cared for, and he didn't need a clock to tell him it was seven am. The shower beckoned him and in his current state, he was powerless to ignore its siren call. Moving carefully, measuring the steps as he went; ignoring the mirror as he passed pretending that the memories of her weren't etched into every surface of his home. The water was cold when it first hit his back, but he didn't flinch. He just stood under the spray until the sound of the water drowned out everything in his head, except his ticking clock. It was there that he stood, his hands braced against the wall that he told himself she was safe, and would send word as soon as she could, it was there he told her that he loved her, just to say the words aloud once. It was there it rolled over the twenty four hours mark, and it was there that he heard the high, panicked voice he didn't recognize screaming his name.[Chapter 21] Audrey's legs were stiff from their disuse in the truck, and her brain exhausted from the stress of traveling without Edward. She could almost feel the moment they had gone too far for him to hear her heartbeat any more. It was a physical shift in the way she sat, from her head trained down at the book she was reading, her shoulders relaxed and comfortable. In an instant her back was tense, and her neck was strained, trying to hear outside the blood truck. For the first time in months she felt unsafe. The ride was smooth, but by the time they stopped she felt like she had been vibrating for hours. Her hand gripped her crossbow as there was light scraping outside the truck. It had rolled to what felt an unexpected stop. She pointed it towards the doors, and settled her back against the far wall of the truck. Her heart was going wild, as nerves took the best of her. She felt demented, having been locked in what was effectively a cage for hours on end, and without a watch or working phone, she had no idea how much time had actually passed. It seemed to take hours for the scraping to cease, and the very first sliver of light to come between the crease in the door. The sunlight blinded her for what could have been crucial seconds, but when her vision cleared, she realized to door wasn't open all the way, and a familiar voice floated though the opening, \"Don't shoot kid.\" She let out a sigh of relief, and set the bow aside, sliding on jellied legs towards to doors, Elvis offered her a hand as she climbed out, and eyed the interior suspiciously for a long moment. \"What?\" Audrey asked, suddenly self-conscious about what had been her space for the last half day. \"I wasn't sure he would listen,\" Lionel told her with a small smile and Audrey couldn't help but smile, \"I wasn't sure any of you would listen.\" He amended after a moment, and Audrey swatted at his shoulder lightly. Before she turned around and pulled him into a hug, he accepted it somewhat awkwardly. She was as close to him as a daughter, and he loved her dearly. But he still wasn't good with the touching, he never had been. They'd told him all his life it was his daddy's fault, that he had made him this way, Elvis couldn't say one way or the other. But he always tolerated her overly physical emotional needs, because if for some reason it was connected to his father. He didn't want his life for her. \"It's good to see you Lionel.\" She whispered to him, as she let the familiar and calming scent of his wash over her. He chuckled, and gave her an affectionate squeeze, \"Likewise darlin'.\" He looked different, more tired than she remembered him, even though she had seen him less than a week ago, her mind raced with anticipation as to what he could need to show her. His message had been short and only explained they had been right to be so insistent. It had been urgent, and that he kicked himself for not coming sooner to see them. She pulled away from him at long last, and he sheepishly rubbed at the back of his neck, turning towards the main building they used, and heading for the entrance. Audrey fell into step beside him, \"So what can you tell me?\" She asked, her curiosity was threatening to swallow her whole. She was going to be a huge mess by the end of this if she didn't get some adequate answers soon. She had had little else to do on the drive up here, other than wonder what could possibly have Elvis so jumpy and secretive. He shook his head, and looked at the back of the young boy who had driven her up there; Audrey understood and let their conversation lapse into silence. They moved inside and out of the blistering sun quickly, Audrey wished more than ever she had a way to communicate with Edward. To let him and Sam know she had arrived safely, she wondered, not for the first time, how her mother and father had let her out of the house as a teenager, without a way to communicate with her. Calmly Elvis moved through the compound, nodding to various faces that looked up and stared at Audrey. This compound was far out, not one of the ones they had visited. New faces were scarce here, and often brought tell of bad news. She remembered before she had risen though the \"ranks\" at the winery, a new face had appeared one day. With no explanation from anyone, but this woman brought tell of the horrors her old compound had suffered. Many steered clear of her, the wives tale being that once a vamp had your scent they never truly lost it. Eventually she was gone, moved to another safe house, Audrey didn't know where she had gone, but she was certain it was the unrest of the people that had driven her out. Silently she followed Elvis's bobbing head, making a beeline through the main room, which was a large open space where you could see nearly everything just by glancing. A large imposing door stood on the far wall, and as far as she could tell this was their destination. Elvis didn't so much as glance around him to see if others watched as he pushed open the door. Stepping through she found herself at the end of a long hallway, several doors leading off at various points in between, the door shut solidly behind them and she watched carefully as he spun a large lock back around the door and sealed them in. Looking back at her now he nodded to her, \"What you are about to see, does not leave here.\" Audrey nodded, and glanced down the corridor again, her heart pounding in anticipation, and worry, \"Okay.\" \"Especially to Edward,\" He added after a moment, and Audrey straightened her back to look at him harshly, \"Don't give me that look. You know I wouldn't tell you something like that unless it was something dire. He cannot know about this.\" There was a strange and muffled noise from down the hall, and doubt crept into her stomach, gnawing at the edges trying to escape, \"I don't know if I can keep it from him.\" She told him honestly, there wasn't a thing in the world that she knew that she wouldn't tell him, and with the world gone to hell the way it was, she didn't want to start putting things on a nondisclosure list. Elvis sighed, \"Once you see him, you won't feel the same.\" He told her matter of factly. She crinkled one eye at him, and heard the strange shuffle again, she wanted to ask him what he could possibly mean by that, but he was already moving on. Walking away from her down the hallway and she moved after a moment to catch up to him. At the end of the hallway he paused outside the door, there was a window at the top of the door, but she couldn't see from the angle, she could only see long shadows cast on the wall as several someone's moved around inside. He looked back over his shoulder at her and sighed, \"Not a word, it's for the best.\" The door opened and revealed three humans standing in a half circle, all talking amongst themselves, clipboards clutched in hands, and held under their arms, a fourth man was in front of them leaned forward studying something, the small huddle disbanded revealing a heartbreaking sight; Audrey sheltered a gasp in the throat. A man or what was left of one crouched on his knees, arms hanging loosely beside him fingertips just above the floor, brushing it lightly as he shifted. She stared at him, and her heart kicked up at notch, as she surveyed the thick chains which bound him to the wall, linked by smaller chains that held his feet to the floor. He stared at the floor, as the human who had been crouching near to him stood to his full height, and looked down at the clipboard he had been resting against his thigh, \"We can go through this time and time again all we are asking for is information. How many of you were in the field, and do they know about this compound?\" Slowly the man lifted his head, but he didn't look to the man who addressed him, his eyes came slowly to meet Audrey's. Golden eyes glowed dimly at her, his skin was sallow, and his ears were just beginning to curl into a point, he blinked weakly, his eyes bloodshot. He was listening to her tittering heart carefully, drinking in the spike of fear that shot through her. The chains clinked together as he shifted and moved to stand. With horrible realization, she turned to look at Lionel. She recognized him; she had walked past his face for the last five months. He had a much younger face back then, a face that was open to the possibilities of the world, a face full of life and happiness, a face that had never felt heartbreak. She felt sick, and she wanted to run. Lionel expected her to keep this from Edward. There came a deep guttural noise out of the back of his throat as he rose to near his full height, only stopped by the limited length of chain, \"Franklin Dalton, Corporal, 19 874 491.\"[Chapter 22] So I'm not entirely sure how, but it was brought to my attention that I missed uploading this actually very important chapter for, like weeks. So I imagine there were certain things that made very little sense, without this chapter. But I'm fixing it right now so that everything will read as it should. Big shoutout to ThePainterOfWorlds who told me about it, I would have been sorely disappointed if it had lived forever without me noticing; but that's what late night posting will get you kids. The familiar sound of his name reached his ears in an unfamiliar voice, and it broke through the simpering haze of his thoughts. He had been standing staring at the floor of his shower. Watching the water circling the drain for time untold by the time the choking voice, raised high in panic, reached him, deep in his self-wallowing. Snapping the water off, he turned and honed one ear towards Sam's room and the other towards the direction of the voice. His left ear was only the quiet hum of silence, and his left he heard only one elevated heartbeat, and another scream. Horror washed through his system as he tore out of the bathroom. He jumped over the top of his bed, and came bursting through the doorway into the hallway, his bare feet slapping painfully down on the hardwood, but he didn't pay attention to it. He listened instead to the thrashing of the water that had been drowned out by the running shower, and he begged that he was wrong. \"Edward!\" The voice warbled, as water washed into the mouth of the speaker, his chest was caving in, as he reached the top of the stairs. A million thoughts raced through his scattered mind, he thought of Frankie, and the moment in both of their childhoods, when they realized that life was fragile. That they weren't invincible, that they could lose each other. The trauma had almost resulted in the removal of the pool. His mother had threatened to drain it and fill it in, let it be a patio. But they had begged, pleaded, and promised that they wouldn't go near it unless she was there, and Frankie wouldn't go in until he knew how to swim properly. Edward tried to keep his footing on the stairs, but his motor skills refused to keep up with his panicked pace. So much so, that he hooked his hand around the bannister and vaulted over the railing, landing flat on his feet on the level below. The pain was deep, and reverberating through the bones in his legs, but he didn't notice it. All he could think about was how the voice had stopped crying out, and the water was becoming still. He used his hands to push himself up from the crouched position he had landed in. Regaining his footing, he rounded the corner to the kitchen, and saw him. Sam, face down in the pool. Bubbles coming slowly up from just beneath the surface, Edward screamed. Not words, just a horrified noise. Three steps to the door, and he ripped it open, the knob crushing under his hand, leaving it bent in the impression of his fist, he pulled it back, off its hinges, and threw it uselessly behind him. Where it clattered into the kitchen table, and turned two chairs on their sides, the legs of which splintered under the weight, but he paid no mind to any of this. He only saw the body, Edward's heart wasn't moving, but he swore he could feel it seizing. He had been so eager; they had explained to him time and time again, when they saw him looking longingly at the pool that as soon as they could they would get him in the water, they would. Edward still hadn't treated it, it was green, and there was an algae like substance floating on the surface, and attached to the walls. Samuel had looked at them both with pleading eyes the morning Audrey left, when the night prior she had promised they would go that afternoon, when the sun was high, and no one was likely to stumble upon them. Then Lionel's letter had come, and they hadn't spared a thought for Sam's feelings they had been too busy thinking about themselves. About what the letter meant and what it would mean for them. Edward cursed himself, and his inability to think about anyone other than himself. He was crouched in the doorway, staring out at the yard, bouncing on the balls of his feet, poised on the edge of a very dangerous ledge and he was more than ready to throw himself off of it. The sun was rising on the other side of the house, but there was a substantial amount of feet between the shadow the house cast and where the child lay motionless in the pool. He saw Audrey's face in his mind, and thought of what it would do to her if she lost Sam. Thought of what it would do to Edward if he didn't try to save him. He wished he weren't so selfish as to spare himself a thought, but he was selfish, and he did think of himself, and the people he cared for. Even as he moved, he thought about how he never had the chance to tell her that he loved her. He thought she knew, he thought for sure that she felt the same, but still the words had never left his mouth to her. He never got to see her face when he told her; he never got to hear her say it back. He thought of Frankie, and how he hated him, and loved him at the same time, and how he hadn't seen him in months. As he felt the first painful twinges of sunlight on his skin, he thought of his mother. More than ever he wished he believed in some kind of heaven, that at least for these last few moments, he could believe that he would see her again, in this supposed paradise. But even if he did believe, and even if his mother was there, Edward knew there wasn't a spot there for him. Not after the things he had done, not after what he was. Planting his feet, Edward prayed this would work, he prayed that Samuel would wake up, that he would think to wait in the house for Audrey to return. That he would be safe without Edward there to protect him. That when Audrey did arrive, that he might be able to explain to her what had happened, that she would understand why Edward was gone. That she would know he had thought of her in his last moments, but mostly he wished that they both could live. He threw himself into the last few feet, from shadow to sunlight. Surprisingly, being burned live felt almost exactly like it sounded. Fire raced over every inch of his body, he felt every last millimeter come alive in the flames. He felt his blood begin to pump, and shockingly his heart begin to beat. He was terrified, the feeling was overwhelming, and he wondered how he hadn't remembered what it felt like to have his heart pumping. It felt painful; he thought for sure he would have remembered that. It tore a ragged scream from his chest; he could see Samuel through the haze of pain. Then his chest hit the ground, and his hands came over the edge of the pool, fighting the pain that was sinking into his bones, he pulled himself into the pool. Relief flooded him now, and a brief flicker of hope lit inside him, maybe they could both survive this. But then he could only hear one distant, and sluggish heartbeat, and Edward refused to believe that it was his own, and the darkness that began to slowly creep into his vision confirmed that he wouldn't be so lucky as to survive this encounter. His hearing began to fade, and he strained to listen to Sam's weak heart beating, his hands floundering for purchase, trying to find a stray limb from the boy to lift his body out of the pool and into safety. His left hand hit the side of Sam's chest, and he brought his other arm around to grip both of his arms, and try to get him out. But the water felt like cement to his weak arms, and it took most of the will he had left just to push him to the side. Edward hoped they were heading in the direction of the stairs; all he had to do was get him on the stairs, get his head out of the water, and hope his body took care of the rest. The last vestiges of his strength and vision were failing him, for a moment he forgot everything. His mind too preoccupied with what he was feeling to think about what he was doing, then Samuel's weight was gone from his arms, the black spots filled his vision completely. His hands slashed through the water, as he searched for the boy's body, but it was gone. Edward's body wasn't listening, where before he had been numb, unable to feel his extremities, now the pain was back, and it coursed through him, and he saw Audrey's face. She was smiling at him from the front porch of his mother's house, carrying a heavy box. He could see Lionel over her shoulder. He nodded to Edward from the front seat of the can that backed out and drove away. Kicking the door closed, she set the box down and came close to him, her hand touched his chest teasingly as she moved past him, he grimaced, \"Forgive me.\" He begged. \"What?\" she asked with a furrowed brow. Water filled his ears, and then swiftly, guilty, he dreamt.[Chapter 23] Can we all agree that things would be so much easier if there was some type of automatic posting bot for this website. Where you upload things in like a docking station and you pick a date a time to upload new chapters as the time passes? Because I swear I'll do anything to be lazier, and that would help considerably with my forgetfulness as well as my crazy schedule. Again, super big apology to all you out there that I've been ignoring with actual reason. All I can say is I swear I was busy, what with work, and school, and my Predators on their way to the playoffs. Things were happening! Anyway, I've got my timeline typed out for the remainder of the story, and I don't think there will be more than ten or so after this. So we're almost done, and everything is going to be wrapped up. Please enjoy this dose of wonderful, and let me have a review? Please? Audrey felt sick. Her whole stomach was one tidal wave after another, she stood in the hallway outside the cell where they were holding Edward's brother. Her back braced against the wall for fear of falling, her knees trying to lock, but kept knocking together under her own weight; deep breaths, unsteady in, shakier out. She tried to calm her racing heart; she tried to place herself firmly on one side of her emotions. She didn't want Edward to see Frankie like this; she didn't want him to know what had become of him. But she also didn't want to keep this from him. She didn't want to be another person that didn't tell him his brother was…alive, for lack of a better term. Lionel didn't say anything to her as she had made her hasty exit, he didn't even turn to watch her go. He kept his eyes trained on the interrogation, and tried not to be proud of Frankie. The kid had been spouting his name, rank and serial number for the last two weeks now. Not a single word otherwise, not even to taunt them. Which Lionel thought for sure he would have tried by now, if Edward's stories were to be believed. But Lionel couldn't help but wonder what the last few months of abandonment had been like for Frankie. How they had affected him. There were few things in Lionel's life that he regretted, and not being a serviceman was one of them. He had considered it sure, be like his old man, and his old man's, old man. It would have been a simple choice, the next logical step when he got out of high school. The men of his family weren't known for being lucky in life, or lucky in love. But when Lionel had come of age and found himself with both, he had decided he wouldn't risk them for a country that didn't really give two shits about him, or his supposed freedom. The next few years had been the best of his life, he had it all. Everything that his father had promised him he would never experience, the modest estate, the good job that he enjoyed, the gentle love of a woman who for one reason or another had decided that she wanted him. But it had all faded, as was the way of the world. He'd lost the girl, along with his unborn daughter. Which in turn had taken the pleasure out of his job, and without the pleasure of it, why work? And without work, why live in that empty old house, full of the promise of memories, that now he would never have? His hands clenched into fists, and turned his back on the vamp. He wished that he had listened to his father, and his grandfather, and hadn't tried to live outside his means. He wished that he didn't have to know what it was like to have loved and lost, because the fact was everyone else was wrong. He never should have loved at all. He moved to lean on the wall opposite Audrey and watched her draw in deep breaths, could hear the faint, frantic pump of her heart. She was purposefully avoiding looking at him, staring at a spot on the wall just to his right. He didn't want to admit that her anger at him putting her in this situation stung a great deal. It wasn't as if Lionel felt he had another choice. He couldn't bring Edward there, not with all the suspicion and ill will towards vampires in light of their recent attack; which had taken several of their members. Plus, he didn't want to be the one who showed Edward his baby brother strung up like an animal, Elvis would have liked nothing more than to unchain Frankie the moment he saw him. But these people were just at the edge of Lionel's reach, the only reason he had been called in was because of Ben, an old drinking buddy of his that ran the joint; who had heard the chatter surround Elvis' name at present. If Ben hadn't been insistent, Lionel would have never known about this compound, he would have never been brought in to see this sight. The door beside the pair opened, and the humans exited one by one, two wrapped in conversation, two trailing behind. The duo that were presumably comparing notes about the 'subject' as they referred to Frankie, moved passed the small hallway gathering without looking up, the only sign they were aware of them at all, was that the shorter one paused to let his taller companion pass through the limited space in front of him, before he too moved passed. The other two, which consisted of a young dark haired man, who still looked like a boy, and the tall dark man who had been speaking to Frankie; they spoke in hushed tones for a moment, before a nod from the dark skinned man, and the man child skirted off with a faint smile to Audrey and Elvis as he passed them. The remaining human clapped a hand on Elvis' shoulder, \"Going to introduce me?\" He asked smiling. Lionel looked carefully at Audrey, feeling a fresh wave of shame with the look she fixed him with, \"This is Audrey,\" he told his friend carefully, \"the woman I was tellin' ya about. Audrey, this is Ben.\" Ben smiled a brilliantly white smile against his dark skin, his hand was large and warm as it wrapped around hers, and for a moment Audrey was struck by how handsome he was. It wasn't often Audrey met men anymore, and to her surprise she didn't find herself attracted to him in the least, just able to appreciate that he was as handsome as he was. \"Pleasure to meet you,\" He told her gripping her hand softly, and Audrey nodded for lack of anything to say to him, dropping her hand and turned to face both of them equally, \"Lionel tells me you know the subject.\" \"Frankie.\" She choked out quietly, surprised by the anger that rose inside her. Ben frowned at her, \"Yes, Franklin,\" he said formally, like the name was foreign and held no connection in his mind, \"you know him?\" Audrey shook her head at him, and continued to look accusingly at Elvis, \"No, his brother, Edward,\" she said stumbling over his name; remembering why this particular conversation was such a difficult one to have, \"we're…\" her heart lurched. She thought of him and Sam pacing the house worried sick about her, and here she was on the verge of making a decision about what Edward would and would not know about his own life. \"They're involved,\" Lionel finished for her, \"Been living together at his mother's place with a child from our old compound, sort of been a trading post of sorts. Been sendin' people and supplies through there for the last couple a months.\" He tried to catch Audrey's eye now, but she was back to staring at the wall pretending he didn't exist. Ben raised an eyebrow and looked at Audrey, \"You're involved with a vamp?\" He asked her, appearing to be trying very hard not to judge her for it. Audrey for her part fought the urge to rear back and punch him for the way he looked at her now, and the way he spoke about Edward like he knew him, like vampire was a dirty word that you whispered behind your mothers back. She snapped her eyes to Ben's, fire returning to her belly, and anger to her chest, \"No,\" she said sharply, \"I'm involved with Edward, and that is his brother in there.\" She said throwing a wide gesture back towards the room, \"and Edward has been tormented for months over how he left his brother that day in the field,\" Audrey turned now to face Elvis, and he vehemently rescinded his desire to have her look at him, \"he didn't know if he was dead or alive. Now you have him strung up in a cage like some kind of animal, and you both expect me to keep this from him.\" She was breathing hard by the time she finished speaking, and she placed her hand back on the wall to keep her balance. Her head was getting light, and her eyes were getting heavy, this was too much for too little sleep. She needed to lie down, she needed to sleep, and she needed to be held in Edward's arms as she told him about his brother. But all of those options weren't available to her right now. So she settled to let her arm bend, and she rested her whole forearm against the cool stone, leaning into her sagging weight. Ben eyed Audrey carefully, seeming to choose his next words slowly, \"That man in there,\" he said hotly, barely keeping a lid on his own anger, \"Killed four people, and a child. We don't know if he was alone, or if there were others with him that got away. There could be an army just outside of our doors and we might never know, we can't afford to pick everything up and move, there is nowhere to go. If we were to leave, it would have to be a unanimous decision, all members of the council would need to be in agreement that it would be the only course of action. So for now, he stays put, and his brother cannot know.\" Her heart was sinking, Frankie had killed them. She didn't doubt that what Ben said was true, and she knew that this thing that Frank was now, wasn't who he always was. It was the bloodlust, and his desire to be, stronger, faster, and better than his human self. She knew that Frankie used to be sweet and honest, sensitive and kind. It broke her heart to see him, and to know that the few people who knew of his existence saw him as a monster, \"I won't not tell him.\" She said firmly, and Elvis straightened up from the wall, and tried to place a hand on her shoulder. He got as far as an inch from taking her in hand, and guiding her to the best decision, \"Audrey, please lets just…\" But she cut him off, \"No,\" she said harshly, turning her shoulder out from under his hand, \"I won't not tell him.\" She repeated, turning her back to Lionel and his pleading eyes, and facing Ben head on. He was taller than her, but this didn't make her shrink away from him. She simply straightened her back, and squared her shoulders, fixing him with a hard, determined gaze, \"You're quite sure of your decision?\" He asked her slowly, and Audrey didn't resist the urge to roll her eyes, but she did resist the desire to say anything else to him. Her mind was made up, and there wasn't a damn thing that Ben could do to her that would keep her from returning to Sam's presence and Edward's embrace, Ben let out a deep rumbling sigh, \"Well then,\" and he watched Elvis for a moment over her shoulder. Audrey felt a hand that she thought was Elvis' come down on her shoulder, until it tightened painfully, and she turned around to see the tall man from before holding her shoulder and reaching to grip her other arm, and the shorter one and the man child held Lionel's struggling body just behind her, \"Then I'm afraid you won't be permitted to leave.\"[Chapter 24] What's that? Two chapters in a week? That's crazy, she would never...BUT I HAVE. No need to thank me, I do it all for you guys. I saw a lot of you reading and I was super stoked to see you still interested, I would love to hear about this interest, or perhaps read about it, say in some sort of comment or review section. But maybe I'm over stepping my bounds I mean I was gone for months, so I get the silent treatment. Anyhoo, please accept this, in my opinion, shocking chapter and know that you are adored; and don't feel pressured to review or anything. Just know I might cry without any. For the record I'm a pretty ugly crier, and no one wants to see me cry. So just, you know, bare that in mind. He saw Audrey's face. She was smiling at him from the front porch of his mother's house, carrying a heavy box. He could see Lionel over her shoulder. He nodded to Edward from the front seat of the car that backed out and drove away. Kicking the door closed, just as Elvis's taillights disappeared around a bend, she set the box down and came close to him, her hand touched his chest teasingly as she moved past him, he grimaced, \"Forgive me.\" He begged. \"What?\" she asked with a furrowed brow. Turning back to look at him, his vision swam for a moment and he shook his head trying to dislodge this feeling of overwhelming guilt in his chest. Audrey came nearer to him and put a gentle hand on his face, \"Ed?\" His eyes came open to meet her gaze, and her hands stung slightly against his cheek. He didn't know if it was the because of the sun still clinging to her hands or because the guilt roared wildly the moment she touched him. But his sight stabilized and his guilt slowly receded and then quite suddenly he forgot all about feeling guilty. \"Um…\" he paused and shook his head again slightly, and Audrey let her hand fall at her side. But she didn't step away from him, \"I don't…I think I was…\" But the thought was gone with all of the unpleasant feelings that had plagued him and he stared at the ground wondering what was going on. Audrey smiled at him, \"Something smells good.\" She said lifting her head in the direction of the kitchen, Edward could see the cords in her neck out of his peripheral vision and he forced himself to continue looking at their feet. His own socked roots, as well as her sandaled feet. Her toes were painted a pleasing shade of pink and he wondered, though not for the first time, where she was getting the polish. His mother hadn't ever been overly fond of polish, and he didn't think Audrey the type to pilfer through his mother's belongings without asking him first. But the frequency in which the color changed, he thought for sure that Elvis was managing to find her some and bring it to her in the shipments. He was going to ask her, but when he looked up, she was looking at him and all thought left him. They were standing close, Edward had his back against the wall of the staircase and Audrey was leaning into him slightly, there was a deep, hollow feeling in the pit of his stomach given to him by his desire to hold her impossibly closer to him, and the knowledge that he wouldn't, that they shouldn't. His heart ached, life was so unfair. Then she was backing away from him quietly, he watched her move away from him. Locked on her as she bent slowly at the waist to unstrap her sandals, something violent roared in his stomach and his fangs pinched painfully. He took a deep breath and tried to steady himself. She backed quietly around a corner, and without thought he followed her. Around the corner he didn't see her, but he saw her shoes lying on the ground at the foot of the stairs, one after the other, he could almost picture her toing out of them as she walked. He waited a beat at the bottom of the stairs, listening to her heartbeat quietly from somewhere upstairs. Slowly he moved up the staircase, wondering exactly what he planned to do once he found her, he thought briefly of Samuel, and he wondered where the boy could have gotten to. He couldn't near his heart beating in the house. For a moment the crippling guilt weighed heavy in his stomach, and he wanted to run to find the boy. Something was wrong, he could feel it. But he didn't go to find him, instead he heard Audrey humming softly. His head cleared of any thought except getting to her. He came to the top of the stairs, and didn't need to listen to know where she was. The door to his mother's room was slightly ajar, and he could see her shadow resting against the doorframe, slightly distorted. His hand pushed against the door softly, and the hinges gave way in silence. Audrey stood in the middle of the door, just at the foot of his bed, her hands pushed deeply in her pockets, and her head down, presumably staring at her toes. Her hair, was falling over her shoulders, and hiding her face from him. Edward cleared his throat, drawing attention to himself in the room. She lifted her head, but only slightly, to look at him. The effect left her looking up at him through her thick eyelashes, and his stomach clenched at the sight. For a long moment they only looked at each other, as Edward moved slowly into the room, his hand falling off the doorframe, and coming closer to her steadily. Her head came up higher the nearer to her he came. \"Are we ever going to talk about it again?\" She asked him, her voice swallowed by the size of the elephant that lived in the room with them. Edward squinted at her, carefully assessing this situation, \"Talk about what?\" He inquired innocently. Audrey smiled at him, taking a large step towards him. \"This…thing.\" She elaborated, taking a hand from her pocket and waving it between them. \"Ah,\" He said nodding, with a smile on his face, \"Do we have a thing now?\" He asked. With a deep breath and a wide smile, she closed the last gap between them, her hands gripping his forearms lightly, bringing them around her waist; Edward sucked in a deep breath himself, and chuckled embarrassedly. He hadn't thought her so bold, \"Audrey…\" \"Tell me again, there's not a thing.\" She said, moving her hands to his neck, and running her fingers though the lengthening locks. \"Um…\" his mind was a blank again, and he tried to think of something to say to her that would cover all of the thoughts that had been racing though his head, but there was nothing. There was only her deep breaths racing across his neck, and he couldn't quite make sense of his life up until that point, not with her so very warm and so very near, and them completely alone for the first time ever, \"We can't.\" Audrey smiled, and eyed him strangely, \"Why not? What's stopping us?\" Her words hit him like a train to the stomach; this wasn't the way they operated. One would push the other, one would pull away begrudging, and they would both agree they couldn't. Now was the time for agreement, and she wasn't holding up her end of the bargain. They were in completely uncharted territory here, he had nothing to say. \"Because…we're…I'm not safe…\" He finally managed to say, but it didn't come with much conviction. Audrey smiled at him again, her hands coming to his collar, tugging slightly, his neck dipping dangerously close to her. \"That would be true, if any of this were real.\" She told him cryptically; but he didn't have the time to respond, and once he had the time, he didn't have the thought. Fire and ice. Her lips were hot against his, and for the first time in his vampire existence, he was glad he didn't need to breathe, because he couldn't find the brain file that held the information on basic human function. His hands were chilly against her lower back, and he could feel her skin breaking out in goose bumps. Her mouth opened willingly under his, and the fire quickly spread. Her legs hit the footboard of his mother's bed, knocking her lips loose from his. Letting coherent thought come rushing back to him, he watched her smile, a giggle coming out of her mouth, and burying her head in his chest. Then the pain started, the heat in his chest wasn't pleasant anymore, he cringed and backed away from her. His hand coming to grip at his shirt, as the fire in his heart began to burn the rest of him. It tore an agonized tone from his throat, and Audrey stood still, carefully watching him, seeming very unconcerned with his behavior. There was a vaguely familiar pounding in his ears, in tune with the rushing pain in his chest. Underneath his hand, there was a thumping, rapid and unsteady; like his heart couldn't find rhythm. Audrey was hollering something, but he couldn't hear over the new rushing blood in his ears, and the pain in his head. Then Samuel was kneeling over him, the sun shining behind him. His hair wet and matted to his forehead; the boy's nose was red and running, his eyes were bloodshot and tear filled. The rushing was still in his ears, but less painful, the pain in his chest was still pumping, but out of time with his heart, it was in time with Samuel's fists; which were beating unsteadily on Edward's chest. Weakly he groaned, and Samuel looked startled to his face. The whole world was too bright for Edward's liking, and he tried to bring a hand up to block out the sun, but his arms felt as though they were weighed down. But if Samuel noticed his discomfort, he didn't bother to accommodate him. Sam's head thumped heavily down onto Edward's chest. His ear pressed down into the shirt. As the boy seemingly tried to make sense of what was happening. Edward too found himself trying to understand what he was seeing, and what he had seen. With herculean effort he managed to bring his arm up around Samuel. Closing his eyes and hoping the sun would go away, he let the warmth wash over him and listened to his own heart beating, and Samuel's soft, hoarse voice. \"It's okay,\" he whispered, \"you're safe.\"[Chapter 25] Hello there ladies and germs, so good to see that you guys are still reading this one. I'm happy to say my recent unemployment has provided me with scads of time to write, and I've been fortunate that my creative juices are right on schedule with it. So please enjoy this new chapter courtesy of my former bosses being absolute maniacs and me no longer being able to stand it. Audrey sat with her back pushed almost painfully against the wall, her arms rested on her knees, as she picked carefully at her chipping pink nail polish. Elvis was pacing the floor like it was his sole purpose in life, and had done so since they had first gotten their bearings after being thrown forcefully into the room. She cleared her throat after a moment, and Elvis twitched his head slightly in her direction, which was the only indication that she got he was listening to her. \"Edward will come.\" She told him quietly, they weren't sure how long it had been exactly, but they guessed about three days. More than enough time for her to have arrived and sent word, it wouldn't take long for Edward to get too worried and come to see her. When he did, he would tear the place apart looking for her. At least this is what she told herself; so that she could pretend the faint light coming in through the heavily greased windows was counting down the days until he came for them, not counting up through the numbers of days they were stuck in there without hope. Elvis stopped pacing, and braced his hands on the wall, dropping his head so his chin almost brushed his chest, and he nodded silently. He hadn't said much since they had been placed in there together, and Audrey couldn't decide if it was a good or bad thing. He angled his head to watch the sun setting on what they had agreed was their fourth evening locked up. For the hundredth time he squinted nervously at the sight, and Audrey decided that she couldn't take it anymore. \"Whatever you're keeping from me, you might as well tell me.\" She said rising slightly, letting her back slide up the wall, ignoring the pinching pain in her tight muscles, Elvis didn't look away from the window, or acknowledge that she had spoken at all, \"Don't act like you can't hear me,\" she told him angrily, \"If something is going on that I need to know about, then you can't just keep it from me.\" Elvis let his hands slip down the wall to his sides, and turned to let his back rest against it, \"I'm not sure it's something that's actually going to happen.\" He said cryptically. Audrey slid her hands into her pockets, and matched his stance on the opposite wall, she didn't speak. But her expression said enough, and Elvis let out a long, low, sigh. Flicking his eyes towards the door, and then the window before he finally settled on looking at her, \"Ben was talking, the first night I was here, just after he showed me Frankie. We were in his office and he had had a couple drinks,\" Audrey raised a curious eyebrow at him, \"Really? Now? Of all times, you are worried I fell off the wagon now? With everything going on.\" She shrugged her shoulders at him, \"We're both going to have to be at the top of our game to make it out of here.\" She said casually. \"I didn't have nothing to drink,\" he said hotly, Audrey just shrugged again like it wasn't really important, \"Anyway,\" he drug out the word to bring them back to current events, \"Ben got tipsy pretty quickly, he started talking about studying Frankie. Said having vamps around is good for protection, masks the scent, way he talked about it sounded like the more the merrier. When I had talked to him before we had discussed Gemini, and he thinks there is something there. He wants to figure out a way to make it work, says he's got a man who knows how to do it, to control him.\" Audrey was nodding, she understood the basics of the project, but she didn't see the use of controlling only one, and when she told him as much Elvis nodded solemnly. \"I told Ben the same thing, that having one vampire under your control could be useful, if they could make it work. But in the long run one vamp couldn't do much damage against a horde. It wouldn't take long for them to realize that only one vamp was faced the wrong direction in a fight and take him out. Then he got…this wild look in his eye. The kind of look a drunk gets when he starts talking crazy. He agreed that they needed more, but that capturing them would take too much time, and they ran the risk of losing too many in the process. He wants to use Frankie, to…turn people.\" He said quietly. Her head felt fuzzy, she had thought Ben a disgusting individual for his treatment of Frankie, and of them. But to turn humans, into a thing he grimaced to think of, was another matter entirely; and something told Audrey that Ben would hardly be the one to sign up for the trial runs. \"He wants to turn humans?\" Audrey couldn't keep the anger and distain from her tone, the thought was horrifying, but also confusing, \"Why would he turn his own people? If his goal is to keep his numbers high then making them all into vampires wouldn't help him anymore than if he just waited and capture vamps as he could.\" Elvis nodded, and stared now at the floor; it seemed they were of one mind in this, \"Ben said there are two types of humans in the world now; those who serve a purpose and those who don't.\" He told her through a sigh, leaning heavily against the wall he crossed his ankles and tucked his hands into his pockets, \"And I'm afraid right now our only purpose is being a liability.\" Audrey felt herself pale, and she stood up from the wall and started to pace, only to give herself something to do while her mind tried to process what Elvis was telling her, \"He wouldn't…you're his friend.\" She said quietly. Elvis nodded while shrugging, \"We were more of acquaintances back in the day. Wouldn't have even bothered with him if he didn't pick up the tab now and again, and I don't think he would have bothered with me either if I hadn't done the same. But friend or not, we've placed ourselves in direct opposition of his vision for the world now. You can't tell me you wouldn't have done something similar if someone had threatened our livelihood back at the vineyard.\" She stopped pacing and looked sharply at him, \"Edward threatened our livelihood at the vineyard, and so did Senator Turner. You didn't see me throwing them into a guarded room until I could figure out how to control them.\" Lionel took his hands from his pockets and raised them, palms facing out towards her; keenly aware that the subject of Edward was still tetchy with her. \"I didn't mean it like that,\" Audrey breathed hard, she didn't often tire of Elvis, and truthfully she didn't think she had, she had just tired of not having a moment to herself, where she didn't have to be in the presence of anyone, \"I just meant that you would do whatever you had thought was best.\" She nodded, and looked at him an apology on the tip of her tongue, but he waved her off when he saw it there. He didn't need her apology; they were wasting enough time as it was, bickering at each other over nothing, \"Ben's not in his right mind. He's been out here too long; he doesn't see the unrest in the city. Doesn't realize how bad it's gotten, and how many vamps would stand with humans if we had a cure.\" There was movement outside the door, and she turned to look at the entrance, the eye level slot opened, and behind it were gray eyes that looked hollow with the long shadows his brow cast, \"Get back.\" The voice told them, and the pair looked to each other, before moving calmly to the back wall of the room. The door opened briefly, and in came a small ration of food, the only meal they were served all day. Then it closed quickly again behind him, they had never seen his face, not fully; just the eyes. They had considered on the first day trying to escape, but Elvis quickly shot it down. Ben was ex-army, which apparently the horrors he had seen in the beginning of his career were what drove him to drink; this room would be virtually inescapable. Coupled with their lack of knowledge of the compound and their unknown position in it, it was mutually agreed that they should remain exactly where they were. Lionel turned first to peruse that days sustenance, while Audrey let her shoulders hang, she so wished, as she had every day, that today would be the day that Edward came through those doors. \"Nice spread today,\" Lionel commented lightly, not turning back to look at her. He crouched down to the floor to lift the tray and bring it over to her; silently Audrey joined him on the floor looking over the meager meal \"Edward will be here soon.\" He told her, and for a moment Audrey almost believed that he thought that as well.[Chapter 26] So I'm very excited to be updating and happy that you are still reading, I know I've gotten no reviews but I'm not deterred! Still in the process of wrapping this bad boy up, but it won't be too much longer. I'm both excited and saddened at the admission. Anyway please enjoy this chapter, I want to say it's one of my longest to date. Lots of stuff going on down there. Drop me a review if you're feeling up to it, if not see you next time! The old truck rolled gently down the dirt road; Edward at the helm, and Sam at his side. He was thankful that he had taken the money to put in cameras and screens in his father's old pick up. He had supposed at the time he had done it out of some strange loyalty to his mother. She had ridden around in it long after his father left, and she had taught Edward to drive on it in the back fields of their house. It had worked out in the end though, as this way they could drive in daylight without much suspicion if they happened to pass someone, which they hadn't so far as they neared the three quarter mark in their journey to Audrey. It had been an immediate consensus between the two men the moment Edward had found his bearings that they would go to Audrey, staying in the house could pose a problem because Edward had no way to protect them if something went wrong. It hadn't taken them long to gather their supplies and hit the road. Edward hadn't yet, mentioned that Sam could and had spoken while fighting for his life in the deep end of his pool; he wasn't sure he would bring it up at all. He looked over the boy next to his as he drove and tried not for the first time to make a decision as to what he should do. Sam stared down at the map Edward had given to him. His brown eyes and small fingers traced the road they were on, taking to his duties as navigator with gusto. Silently Edward had been reading the map over his shoulder, making sure they were truthfully headed in the correct direction, but he didn't make it known because as he had reached the end of his mother's driveway, and looked expectantly to Sam for direction. He had lifted his head slightly to gaze at the road, and let his finger come off the map and point, croaking hoarsely \"Left.\" Edward had done little more than nod, and turn on the appropriate signal. He didn't want to spook Sam's voice back into whatever cage it seemed to have tentatively crawled out of. But more than that Edward didn't think he had much more room in his mind for another massive revelation today. In the cab of the truck, Edward listened. Everything seemed so quiet, he couldn't hear the drum of insects or pick out the individual pistons firing inside the engine, and he couldn't hear the creaking revolution of the tires. But he could hear his heart. Pumping strongly inside his chest, he could feel his blood moving through his veins and after a decade of essentially silence inside his body, three hours wasn't enough time to get used to it again. Being human was something he had longed for since the moment he had realized his heart stopped, though he continued on. Now that he had been effectively dropped into his lap, he didn't know what he should do with it nor what he wanted to do with it. His mind slowed on that last thought, and strayed to Audrey; he decided that he knew of at least one thing he wanted to do with his humanity. He was human now, just like her. The possibilities that opened up under that particular train of thought sent his heart slamming in his chest, and a flush rising in his cheeks. He figured that he better not exhaust his heart on the first day it was back in service. Instead he let his thoughts lead him to a safer line, but still with no small amount of awe. He had realized some small amount of time after they had left the house that he was hungry. Hungry for food, for the first time in a decade; the smile that came to his face was wide as he made the designated right onto a back road. Glancing down at the map in Sam's lap, he figured they couldn't be more than a half hour away from the compound; and that now was as good a place as any to stop for lunch. Who knew how they would react to newcomers, even if they did know Audrey and Elvis, and what if they had heard of Edward? How would they react to his sudden beating heat, and flowing blood? Elvis didn't disclose to too many people that he had once counted himself among the undead for very specific reasons; what had happened to them was a one in a million shot as far as Edward could tell. It would take perhaps years of testing to be able to determine if something like this could be recreated. Both Edward and Lionel's results were untested, and Edward couldn't explain to you how it was supposed to have work without proper and controlled testing. Even Edward didn't trust what had happened to him, and he had experienced it for himself, how could he expect others to understand. Instead of letting his fears, and lack of knowledge get the better of him Edward pulled the truck off to the side of the road. Letting it rumble to a stop on the side of an abandoned gas station with an attached auto shop. Edward looked fondly up at the old building, it reminded him of the place he had worked as a kid. Bringing to the forefront of his mind the many hours he had spent after school, performing small miracles on older cars. This place was in a heartbreaking state of disrepair, it was obvious that it hadn't been loved for many years, the windows were covered in at least ten years of dirt and grime, there was graffiti covering the side; but that to was cracked and fading. The pumps were missing, large holes littered the ground where they had sat, and many wires hung exposed and Edward wished he could listen for a faint hum of electricity already realizing that his humanity left with his certain disadvantages. Sam looks expectantly to Edward when they roll to their stop, taking a small glance at their surroundings. Slowly Edward looks around the truck, and off into the distance, and closes his eyes as he listens to the world that has gone quiet since he shut the truck off, \"Hungry?\" He asks Sam after a moment. Carefully Samuel opens his mouth, with a contemplative expression on his face, because closing his mouth again and nodding slowly. Edward nods back and throws the truck door open and rounds the cab to grab the small cooler he had packed in the bed of the truck. It was warm from the sun, and Edward stood for a long moment. Basking in the waves the sun gave off. He cast a long shadow over the ground, and he felt goosebumps race across his skin as the heat sunk into him. After a long moment he climbed back into the truck, and slid the door closed. Samuel was watching him expectantly as Edward unpacked their provisions. Which consisted of two sandwiches, two cool bottles of water, and a handful of some kind of nut; Audrey was always getting them, he thought it might be almonds, but he couldn't know for sure. Handing over Sam's food to him, the boy tucked in with vigor and looked up at Edward with a very full mouth, and gave a toothy smile. Edward returned it, and stared down at his own food with a certain degree of trepidation. It had been years since he had eaten anything properly. Most food tasted dull to his vampire senses, far too stale and molecular. He had quite forgotten what a ham sandwich was supposed to taste like, and in a way he was very nervous to find out. What if after so many years he had simply developed a taste for blood. What if now that he was human he wouldn't like actual food, what if it was been terrible becoming human again. Edward hadn't ever asked Lionel why he had become an alcoholic; he thought it imprudent at the time. But perhaps becoming human again, had been such a trying experience that Elvis needed to drown himself in booze to forget about it. Taking a rather large breath, and listening to his heart beat loudly in reply, he took a large bit of the corner of his sandwich deciding whatever happened, he would be okay because he would have Audrey in his very human arms in less than an hour and nothing could make that a terrible thing. For a moment nothing happened, but then Edward was transported back to his childhood. The ham was salty, and the bread was moist, in the way that only white bread can be. He let out his breath and bit into the sandwich again, fighting the urge to laugh out loud. It was delicious. It reminded him of sandwiches he had made for him and Frankie when they were kids, and their mother worked late. It reminded him of school, and of his old life. It was easily the best thing he had consumed in years. This moment was one of the best he had had since being human again, or possible since he had ever been human. But I was over all too soon. Samuel tapped Edward's shoulder, and was staring out in front of the truck with a wide eyed expression. Edward followed his line of sight, and there in the field was a tall figure, moving slowly through the grass, a gun in hand, and completely covered. The bread turned to ash in his mouth, and he could hardly swallow with his throat suddenly so dry. He reached down into the floorboard and retrieved the firearm he had stashed there, also grabbing the small handgun that he had grabbed too. Samuel had lowered his meal to his lap, and struggled not to start crying. Carefully Edward turned his safety off, and stared out at the field. Without looking at him Edward passed the handgun to Samuel. He knew that Audrey had been training Sam with it in their spare time. How to hold it and aim how to reload and safely handle it, but as far as he knew Samuel had never fired the gun. A thousand scenarios ran through Edward's head, all fighting to be at the forefront. But all he could think about was the fact that if they perished here, it would be entirely his fault. He was human and couldn't protect them; he had been so wrapped up in the idea of being with Audrey he hadn't even stopped to consider the consequences. The body in the distance didn't appear to have scented them yet. It was moving slowly in a vague line towards them, and looking to his left, and the again towards his right. Edward had shut the engine off when they arrived, and the truck was dilapidated enough that it fit the surroundings of the disused gas station. But if he drew much nearer, Edward knew the vamp would catch their scent. Another thought was the start the truck and tear away as fast as possible, but where would they go? He wouldn't make directly for the compound, and he liked to think he valued the lives of the humans who lived there, but really it was because Audrey and Elvis were too precious to him to risk it. What if these vamps in the field were scouts for an entire team of vamps who were coming behind soon. If he left now they could be alerted and would no doubt run them down and catch them. Everything was up in the air and uncertain, and Edward felt more useless than ever. He wasn't equipped to handle this type of confrontation anymore, never had been truthfully. Even in childhood, when he had been forced to fight many a battle that Frankie found himself in; he almost never fought. He used the growth spurt, which he had taken before most others, and his intelligence to convince others they had no chance of winning and he wouldn't want to humiliate them if they did indeed go to war. But now it had been ages since he had felt true pain, real fear of another being. Being top of the food chain had its own advantages he seemed to realize now. The figure grew nearer, and he heard the quiet click on Samuel switching off his own safety. The sound sent Edward into a deeper panic, he couldn't protect them and Samuel was caught in the middle of it. Edward moved silently, grapping the door handle of the driver door with his unarmed hand; tensing every muscle he could find, preparing himself for a fight. His only hope was that if he was turned in the fight, he would be able to protect them both afterwards. But the thought of never being able to see Audrey with human eyes hit him in the gut, and he experienced a prickling in his eyes that he suspected was the beginnings of tears. The element of surprise was all they had going for them, carefully he pulled on the handle, and the door softly clicked open. It was light enough outside that the interior light didn't offer much more of a giveaway. But the immediate reaction to the sound and the careful swivel of the vampires head told Edward it had indeed heard him. Deciding at long last to thrown open the door, and fire as quickly as he could at the being in the field, hoping that he could slow it down, he looked to Samuel for a long moment. The boy's eyes turned to him, and were watering over. But he said nothing, and didn't utter so much as a noise. Edward put a hand to his shoulder, and desperately hoped that Samuel understood to stay hidden as long as possible, as long as Edward didn't have to worry about him the whole fight, he could be focused on his target. Throwing open his door, the figures head turned a zeroed in. But it was strange. It was facing the wrong direction, turned away from the gas station, and facing back out into the field. After what felt like an eternity, Edward saw why. Humans, running; no charging the figure, guns and crossbows drawn, screaming some strange war cry and Edward sat in his seat too stunned to move. Two resounding thunks, and bolts from crossbows, hit his arms. The vampire slowed, but didn't stop. He raised his weapon, aiming at the various humans rushing him. Three more crossbows, and one bullet wound, and the vampire collapsed to his knees. The humans surrounded him, and bound him by his wounds in thick chains. Before throwing his body into a large burlap bag; which four of the men then carried away. A tall black man stood tall among the few people who remained by his side. Edward felt sure this was their leader, he let the weapon he had in his hands move to sling back over his shoulder and turned to face the truck. Zeroing in on the pair in its cab, \"Go ahead and step out into the sunlight if you can!\" H called loudly. The others around them hadn't holstered their weapons, and still faced them, as the group moved slowly closer to them. Samuel moved carefully and pushed open his door, Edward shook his head silently when Samuel tried to hand his gun back to him. Dropping to his feet outside the truck, Samuel raised his hands above his head, gun hanging from one finger, pointed at the ground. The few who came nearer to them noticed the gun, but the way the tall, dark man moved with relaxed strides gave his followers the ease to leave their fingers off their respective triggers. Edward threw one leg out of the cab, and stepped out into the sunlight himself. Squinting, and trying to get a head count, as several more were coming around the truck from behind them. Finally the group reached them, and the dark man stepped forward to receive. \"Well that was a close call,\" He said, his deep voice letting an easy, cordial humor to slide across his words. Edward nodded silently, and stood with his sounds back and his muscles still tensed for a fight, never letting his gun fall too far from his grip. The man seemed to notice this, and gestured to it, \"You are welcome to keep your weapons. But I assure you, you won't need them. Humans have to stick together in this world now; we don't harm humans.\" Edward nodded, but continued to size up the group of people around him, and watched Samuel's head over the bed of the truck, as he was encouraged by the individuals in front of him to come to Edward. Which after a moment of careful deliberation Sam turned his back to them and walked calmly around the back of the truck, and came to tuck himself into Edward's leg. Resting a hand on his head the man smiled down at him, \"We have a compound, you're welcome to come back with us and stay there. It's safe, and we have room for you. You two look like you could use a night's sleep in a bed.\" Samuel was gripping Edward's leg tighter, and he was having trouble deciding if he should go with them, or continue on his way. He was unfamiliar with this area, he didn't know if this compound he was talking about was where Audrey was, and if it wasn't he didn't know if they could be trusted. Silence stayed around the group, as they listened only to the hum of the insects that buzzed their way around them. \"Well,\" the man said, seeming to grow impatient at Edward's continued silence, \"let's start small then, I'm Ben,\" his hand came out towards Edward, and slowly Edward traded his gun to an opposite hand, and took Ben's offered shake, \"and you are?\" Slowly realizing that they weren't going to get out of this situation without some type of communication, Edward retracted his hand, and dropped it to Samuel's head, \"This is Sam, and I'm Edward.\" For a brief moment, startled light shone in Ben's eyes, and he seemed to hesitate in stepping away from him, \"Edward,\" he played with the sound of his name on his tongue, \"you wouldn't happen to know an Audrey and an Elvis would you?\" Sam and Edward stop for food, and run into vampires. Ben and his people save them.[Chapter 27] Little hi, little ho my beauties! Thank you so very, very much for coming back around for chapter 27. Super appreciate all the reads I'm getting. Please don't hesitate to let me know how you're liking everything so far. So I'm actually pretty pleased with the way this story is coming around, and I hope all of you are too. The ride back to the compound was quiet. Sam sat silently beside Edward; he hadn't stopped smiling since the mention of Audrey. He stared dreamily out of the passenger side window and kept quietly asking Edward when they would get there. Edward would shrug, and reply, \"Not long.\" Before turning his eyes back to the makeshift caravan of humans in front of him, and casting glances to the van behind him. They hadn't protested when Edward said he would bring his truck, there were several comments about the tech the old beater was outfitted with. But Edward shrugged it away, he wasn't sure why. But he was tense when dealing with them; he had no reason to be Ben knew about Audrey, when he had only told him his name. Which means he had obviously spoken to Audrey, and she had mentioned him; Edward just wasn't sure if she had chosen to mention that he was a vampire, or rather had been at one time or another. He thought not, when Ben didn't react to him being human, but there had been that moment. That split second of time, where Ben had tensed to reach for his gun and stared into Edward's eyes, seeming to watch the way the sunlight had fallen across Edward's face. Then it was gone, gone so quickly Edward couldn't tell if he had read too far into the reaction, or if Ben had had a reaction at all. The van before him slowed, and turned off on an unmarked barely blazed trail, driving slowly for a half mile, in which Edward took the opportunity to survey his surroundings insuring that he would be able to find his way back out should he need to. Carefully everyone slowed to a stop. There was a long building shaped like a rectangle, and a set of doors facing the ground on the far right side that told Edward there were underground portions of the facility. He moved out of the truck, and motioned for Samuel to slide across the bench seat and join him on the driver's side. Immediately Sam took up Edward's hand and walked silently after him, his eyes swiveling around wildly in search of Audrey. Entering the building behind Ben, Edward admitted only to himself that his eyes scanned the people milling about looking for her. He wished desperately that he could hear her heartbeat and find her, but he couldn't. Still he relished in the loss of that sense, and what its loss actually meant for him; for them. Ben smiled widely at those who cast a curious eye towards Edward, and he was struck for a moment by how these people looked at him. Like he was one of them, like they were wondering who the two new humans were who arrived in their compound. No one reacted in fear; no one grabbed the nearest child and moved away from them. Several smiled at Samuel, whose bright eyes still hadn't stopped searching. Edward felt his shoulders relax a fraction; but he knew he would be tense until he found himself before Elvis and Audrey. Ben led them to a small table, where several other children were gathered, and one adult. A small woman, who looked desperately uncomfortable with the glock strapped to her thigh. But she smiled down at Samuel, before letting her eyes stray to Edward's, who returned the smile, \"This is Anna,\" Ben said, placing a friendly hand on her shoulder, and Edward watched as she leaned into the gesture, \"she's our resident school teacher. Raising the next generations of humans.\" He boasted proudly, and Anna laughed quietly. \"Oh, stop. I'm just doing what I did before.\" She said modestly, and Edward gave her another small smile. Ben turned to Samuel, and crouched to look him in the eye, \"There's a place for you here. If you want to sit in on the lesson, they're just going over some worksheets right now.\" He placed one hand on an empty chair, and pulled it out slightly. Samuel gripped Edward's hand tighter, and turned to look up at him. His eyes pleading, and Edward felt for the kid knowing exactly what he was thinking, \"I'm sure he would love to,\" Edward said, looking down to Ben who remained on Samuel's eye level, \"But maybe tomorrow. We would really like it if we could see Elvis and Audrey.\" Ben straightened and made his expression look confused, but Edward saw the delay in his face. The way the faux expression didn't quite meet his eyes, \"Oh,\" he said after a moment, and let understanding pass across his features while Edward got the distinct impression that he was being lied to, \"They aren't here, left this morning on a run,\" Ben explained smoothly, \"Should be back in an hour or so.\" He said his face the picture of unconcern. Edward nodded silently, and tried to rein in his paranoid thoughts, and rationalize that he probably wasn't being lied to, and that he was reaching for any explanation at this point to compensate for his lack of vampiric powers, \"Well I'm sure Sam would like to do a little studying while we wait.\" Samuel looked downtrodden, but he moved silently into his seat, and Ana gave him a wide smile and an extra worksheet. Edward moved to stand behind him, but Ben placed a hand on his shoulder. \"We're going to have a debrief on the situation in the field,\" he said to him in a whisper, \"I thought you might like to join, seeing as you could offer a…unique insight.\" Edward straightened his back, and looked down at Samuel's head, \"Audrey mentioned your condition, and seeing as that seems to have been rectified,\" Ben continued, glancing about himself, \"I would like to have a discussion about your apparent recovery from what we considered to be a terminal fate.\" Edward stood still, and stared straight ahead of himself; Ben had known and still let him come to the compound. It was obvious now that Edward had seen his unusual reaction, and that Ben would consider him a sizeable threat until Edward explained things. But he wasn't sure how to explain it; he still couldn't work out the logistics of what had happened. He only had half formed thoughts towards it; the sun was some kind of factor, or maybe water, or perhaps the combination of both. Though he couldn't say for sure, and he couldn't call it a cure when he didn't know how to recreate its results. \"Listen, I don't know what you think I know. But I'm not sure…\" \"Not here,\" Ben said quietly, and nodded his head in the direction of a door in the far corner of the open space, \"Privately,\" he cast his gaze down with Edward's, and shook his head, \"If you choose to bring him I won't stop you. But think about what you would and would not want him to hear.\" Edward did think about it. He wasn't sure how much Samuel understood about what had happened, or what he had seen when Edward had been unconscious. He hadn't had the chance to talk to Sam about it, and help him come to terms with things. He decided he didn't want him to have to be a part of this conversation, and leaned down next to him, \"I'm gonna go with Ben for a little while,\" Samuel unceremoniously dropped his pencil and turned to face Edward full with tears already brimming in his eyes, \"I'm going to be back in a few; and I tell you what. When I get back, we'll tell stories until Audrey and Elvis get here. How does that sound?\" Edward saw Anna smile at them out of the corner of his eye, and watched her eyes run down his neck and shoulder, he felt something run through him. It had been a long time since someone other than Audrey had looked at him in such a way, he had almost resolved himself to be sexless until such a time when he and Audrey figured it out. But now that he was human, he wasn't sure how this worked anymore. He hadn't dated since before the outbreak, and a considerable time before the outbreak, there was a ring on this woman's finger, but was her spouse still alive, and if they were was monogamy still in play? Samuel was nodding and placed his head into Edward's shirt for a moment, and let him run a hand over his soft, short hair before he stood, smiled timidly at Anna, and trailed off after Ben. Passing through the doorway, Edward found himself in a long hallway, with concrete walls, floors, and ceiling; doors lined the hallway on either side. Ben moved swiftly down the hall and Edward had to move quickly to catch back up with him, \"Look, about what happened to me,\" Ben stopped in front of a door, and reached for keys on his belt, turned half an ear towards Edward to indicate that he was listening, but continuing to place the key in the lock and open the door, \"I'm not sure how it happened.\" Ben looked back at him as the door stood slightly ajar, \"You're not sure?\" He asked skeptically. \"Right, I'm happy to explain the whole situation to you, and you can draw your own conclusions from it. But I'm one of only two cases I've ever heard of about turning back and neither one was done on purpose. I have a few theories, but I don't want you to think I have answers,\" Edward stuffed his hands in his pockets, and tried not to look sheepish, \"But I'll tell you everything I know.\" Even with his renewed humanity, he was still useless; he had no insight or information to offer that was remotely helpful, he couldn't get that fact out of his mind. The man beside Edward placed a hand on his shoulder, and pushed open the door in front of him, \"I appreciate you letting me know. But don't worry, we'll figure out what happened to you, one way or another.\" Ben's hand tightened on his shoulder, and Edward stared confused at him for a half second too long; before he was roughly shoved through the open door, \"One way or another.\" Ben repeated, slamming the door behind him and Edward was plunged into darkness.[Chapter 28] Okay, so we're having some major writers block here. I've already banged out a few chapters after this one, but I'm getting stuck on chapter 33, can't decide who it needs to feature, and where it needs to go. I've got the general direction for the rest of the fic, but lord knows I should probably try to wrap up a few loose ends before I'm done. Anyways these are my woes, thanks for listening guys. Enjoy. Ben was breathing heavily outside the door he had just slammed shut. He could hear panicked shuffling on the other side of the door, and a faint banging of his captive's fists, but this was to be expected. This wasn't his first rodeo. Next would come the quiet, as his prisoner took in their surroundings and their eyes adjusted to the dark, it wouldn't be until dawn that Ben would allow the lights to be turned on. The shocking light would leave him dazed enough that Ben could come in with his armed guards and question him, and Edward would scramble in the flurry of activity and hopefully give away something vital. To say that Ben was surprised to find Edward in the truck was an understatement, to discover him apparently human was an insurmountable shock. Though he had covered his reaction well, he knew for a moment he was completely at a loss. The idea still shocked him; he paced in front of the door for a moment. His hands deep in his pockets, his mind deep in thought; he would have to find something to do with the boy. He remembered Lionel saying something about Audrey and Edward caring for a child together, though he obviously wasn't theirs, he did have an attachment to both of them. The thought of their twisted semblance of a family sent a rocking shiver through his spine, and disgust though his stomach. As he reemerged from the hallway he drew hardly any attention, which was just the way he preferred it. He had conditioned his people to see him as a leader only when he wanted them to, the rest of the time he wanted to just be one of the people. It worked out well; he wasn't constantly bombarded by the everyday problems of so many people coexisting in such cramped quarters, and it left him to his endeavors. But there was one pair of small eyes that followed him as he crossed the room, and Ben came closer to them with a smile on his face. \"Sam,\" he greeted warmly, and the boy looked up at him and then passed him, confusion swirling on his face, \"Edward met up with someone of my friends from the field, you remember them? Mike? And Sarah, and Andrew?\" Samuel nodded, Ben knew that once they had gotten the pleasantries out of the way and Samuel had seen Edward relax momentarily, that he had taken a shining to a few of the younger members of his lead team. But the boy said nothing. \"Well he went with them so that they could help get everything set up for the shipment that Elvis and Audrey are going to bring back.\" The boy perked up at the mention of the woman's name, and Ben knew immediately that he had his niche, \"I tell you what, I'm actually on my way to my study right now. I was going to plan their homecoming party. Would you like to help? I'm sure she would be very pleased.\" Samuel smiled widely, and nodded his head, dropping the pencil he had been playing with on top of his finished worksheet and coming to stand. Ben looked to Anna, and she smiled widely at him, he had made it a point to not involve himself with anyone from the compound his position was after all, at its base, political. He didn't want to think what might happen to his position if he suddenly had a woman trailing after him, and noticing things. But he thought that if he would have taken a lax day on that particular rule for anyone, it would have sweet, kindhearted, giving Anna; he returned the smile, dropping a hand down on Samuel's shoulder as they moved through the compound. Walking with the boy struck a hard chord in his heart, it had been a long time since he had associated with a child, and the painful memories it threatened to surface was a weakness that he didn't need. Not when he was so close to being able to protect his people for good. He passed by Sanders on his way to the living quarters; the young blonde man tried to catch his eye. But Ben shook his head and eyed Samuel for good measure, and Sanders thankfully understood, making a vague gesture that Ben assumed meant they would talk later. He chattered down at the silent boy aimlessly as they walked, and then he came around the corner to his own quarters. Not yet having decided what, if anything, he would do with him, he needed the boy pitted against Audrey, and Edward and even against Lionel; but still he wasn't sure how he would do it. He figured he could work the rest out, the boy was small enough that he still trusted adults implicitly he should think, and he had all the time and excuses in the world for the continued absence of Audrey, Lionel and Edward; until such a time as Ben could figure the best way to use what the boy knew to his advantage. He just had to get him talking, which, at this time, he didn't seem particularly inclined to do. Samuel stood in front of his desk, and toyed idly with the various knick knacks that Ben had littered all over its surface. Approaching him slowly, he came to sit down on the other side of the desk in a large, rather comfortable chair that had housed him on many a drinking night. Ben contemplated the idea of pouring himself a drink now, it always helped him think; but casting another glance to the boy and seeing his curious eyes flicking from knick to Ben to knack, he thought better of it and would drink when the boy had gone. \"So how long have you been with Audrey and Edward?\" Ben asked with a wide smile on his face. Sam looked up at him, and then again at his hands, he seemed nervous. But his expression was open, he wasn't trying to hide anything, not that he would need to with a question like that, yet still he remained silent. Ben remembered Lionel talking about the young boy before him, some five nights previous, Ben had had several drinks before they turned the corner on the subject, and his memory was fuzzy. But there was something about him, maybe he didn't talk to strangers, or didn't talk at all. He couldn't remember for sure. \"You know Lionel told me you don't talk much,\" Ben said, fishing for a reaction, and Samuel gave it to him in spades. His head dropped down to look at his shoes, and he dropped his hands off the desktop, \"But I saw you talking to Edward before, so you must know how,\" Sam's expression became sheepish, and his ears pinked in embarrassment, \"It's okay you know, that you don't talk. I had just thought that you could give me some ideas for the party. Like what Audrey's favorite color was, or whether she might like a banner or streamers. But it's up to you, you don't have to. I'm sure Audrey will understand.\" His eyes came up to look at him, eyebrows furrowed and for a moment Ben thought he might have laid it on too thick. The kid looked like he might cry, and the last thing Ben needed was for him to get hysterical, but slowly Sam opened his mouth, and looked at the floor, \"Green.\" He said, his voice scratchy and hoarse, and barely about a whisper. Ben brought his head closer to him, and leaned on the desk with his elbows, \"Green?\" He asked again, with a large friendly smile on his face. The boy nodded his head slightly, and moved to look at him fully, \"Green is her favorite color. Like Edward's eyes.\" Ben stiffened, it was obvious now that on some level the boy saw their attachment to one another, even if he was simply too young to see the attraction, \"Edward's human eyes?\" He asked slowly, pull out a book from underneath a mess stacked pile of paper. The boy clammed up, and nodded slowly. \"So you know that Edward's human now,\" Ben continued, and the boy nodded once more, but offered him no other acknowledgement, \"You wouldn't happen to know how that happened would you?\" Sam thought over the question carefully as Ben offered him a book full of color swatches, something a seamstress who had been with them several months ago had brought with her. Apparently sewing was her passion, and with a world gone to shit the way it had, it was the only thing she had wanted to bring with her, perusing the pages slowly until he turned to the pages which contained every shade of green thought of, \"I'm not sure,\" Samuel said after a long moment, \"I think Edward might know.\" Ben nodded, \"I didn't have a chance to speak with him about it before he left, but he did say that he had some theories.\" Samuel nodded like it was the most logical course of action, \"But you were there, when it happened?\" Color came to his cheeks, and the boy looked down right ashamed, but nodded still, \"It was my fault.\" He admitted, his voice tight and close to tears. \"What do you mean your fault? Shouldn't Edward becoming human again be a good thing?\" Samuel had stopped looking at the swatches, and looked up at Ben, his eyes watering and beginning to turn red. His fingers pulled carefully on one of the loose swatches as he tried to come up with an answer, \"I don't know how to swim,\" He explained after a moment, \"I thought I could. But I can't.\" \"Lots of people don't know how to swim.\" Ben offered by way of a condolence, while wondering what exactly it had to do with Edward's recovery. \"I was trying to swim, but I couldn't. Edward had to save me, the sun was out. He pushed us out of the pool, I thought he was dead. But I had seen Elvis banging on peoples chest where we used to live, so I did too and Edward opened his eyes,\" Ben was nodding encouragingly at him, as Samuel paused to form his next thought, \"But they weren't like they used to be, not like…the others. They were green, like regular people.\" Ben smiled, \"Wow,\" he said slowly, his mind in a million places all at once, \"But why would that be a bad thing?\" He wasn't sure where Edward stood on his transformation, maybe he had been the one to tell Samuel that being human was a bad thing. Perhaps Edward was some kind of sleeper and would turn as many humans as possible when the time was right. \"Because now,\" Samuel started seeming to decide half way through to change his mind, and start over, \"Because now he can't protect us from the others,\" Ben was nodding slowly and smiling at him, but his eyes blinked heavily around his tears, \"I don't want to talk anymore.\" He finished and Ben stood. \"That's okay, you did very well,\" he dropped a hand down onto Sam's shoulder and turned him towards the door, \"Why don't you go find Ana and she'll find you a bed in the room with the other children.\" \"Will you come get me when Edward and Audrey get back?\" Samuel asked quietly, and his voice seemed to be running out of steam. \"Of course.\" Ben said, watching him go for a long moment before turning back to his study, it was obvious that the boy spent a lot of time with them. That he possibly knew more than he had revealed now, all he had to do was keep the kid talking and he might find something to use against them, if not he always had the boy to fall back on. It wasn't immediately apparent to him, because Ben spent much of his life in self-denial. But the idea of using the boy, threatening his life, for the sake of answers made his stomach turn; if there was another way he would find it, but if not he would simply need to deal. He rounded his desk, and dropped back down into his chair, retrieving from the top left hand drawer the bottle he kept there. Pouring a generous amount into his glass he sat back and sipped slowly. Savoring the flavor of the dark brandy, he knew any moment Sanders would be at his door, trying to tell him more about the Gemini project. All the findings and testings; he had given him permission several days previous to being working with the subject for a few hours each day. So far everything had gone according to plan, unfortunately the vamp they had captured was strong willed, and it made things a little more difficult, took a little more time to break him. But Ben thought perhaps having to turn his bother into a monster would serve nicely as a way to break his will completely. He was just sanding down the rough edges of what he thought might be his finest plan yet, when a knock came at the door; revealing Sander's face to him and Ben set his glass down on the top. Waving him on, settling further into his chair. Preparing for Sander's to bombard him with information he only half understood until he was tired enough that Ben could nurse his drink into unconsciousness.[Chapter 29] This story just got a super big overhaul, because I was told that I accidentally posted several chapters out of order. I blame late night postings, but it is what it is. All of the issues have been fixed and I would like to apologize for any confusion on where the story was headed. Please read on and enjoy. So I got my first review after coming back! Super excited, shout out to TheWolfsMoon1331 . Sorry it took me two weeks to get this one going, I jumped headfirst back into a the full time work force and unsurprisingly after being basically unemployed for a month, it knocked me on my ass. But I've found my feet, and am happy to be giving you guys another chapter, so please read and enjoy and leave a review. Edward carefully ran his hands along each of the four walls that housed him. The door was nestled in the corner, and there was no light switch he could find. Just rough concrete walls. The door was heavy, metal and awkward. He had no idea how long he had been in the room only that at some point he realized that his eyes had adjusted and he could just barely see the bare walls of the room; and a single bulb hung in the middle of the room. Finally he positioned himself in the far corner of the room. Back pressed tightly against the cold, unforgiving stone; Edward took the time to evaluate his present predicament and was unsurprised to find he had no way out. No plan for escape. It wasn't entirely his own fault, he reasoned. It had been far too many years since he had been expected to do anything that didn't rely almost entirely on his super human abilities. Now that he was without them he realized that he had quite forgotten how to get by without them. Edward was beginning to tire. He had had a long day, and now as the concrete structure afforded him the most complete silence he had experience in the better part of a decade; he felt his eyelids begin to droop/ in a way that was almost familiar, yet entirely foreign to him. Knocking his head against the wall, Edward was given to contemplate how many times he had longed for sleep; and now how it was the last thing he wanted. He needed to be alert, completely focused he couldn't react at a moment's notice to seize any potential opportunity if he was coming back to sudden consciousness for what would be the first time in his newly human life. So fight it he did, it was a grueling battle; Edward felt not unlike an over tired toddler. Cranky, and blinking slowly, every thought irritated him and the lack of stimulation doubly so. He tried to keep his mind on all the people who were counting on his. At this point, there was little doubt in Edward's mind that Ben had been lying about Audrey and Elvis being on a run, or if he hadn't been, Edward shuddered to think what would happen to Sam. At that thought, rage simmered in Edward's stomach the kind of heated anger that he had only ever felt in the throes of bloodlust. He vowed that if a single atom of Samuel had been harmed in any way that he would take Ben apart with his teeth, vampire or not. Edward held his rage as long as he could, but with no outlet and his exhaustion creeping back in; he felt himself beginning to calm, his heart beginning to slow. His will to remain awake was slowly crumbling and he began to think that perhaps sleep wouldn't be the worst thing. It couldn't hurt to be rested; he would be virtually useless in a fight if he was so tired he couldn't keep his eyes open. Drifting closed, his eyes stung, watering slightly in his exhaustion. As he let his mind settle, his thoughts turned to Audrey. He couldn't know for sure where she was, or if she was safe; but he held on to the notion, perhaps romanticized, that his body simply wouldn't exist in a world where she did not. He reasoned that they had overcome too many obstacles for the universe to not allow them to be together, even if only for a moment. If after everything they had done, or more importantly not done; had been done or not done only so he could dine in this hell hole. The man upstairs would have a lot of explaining to do, Edward would see to that. After a brief infinity, Edward drifted off, and what felt like only seconds later; he was ripped from his slumber and completely surrounded. The light was on and seemed impossibly bright, it stung his retinas and left him swinging wildly about the room trying to see passed the purple spots that decorated his vision. Lots of shouting and rough hands on his shoulders dragging him into a half standing position, Ben stood just inside the doorframe and watched the brief scuffle. As things finally began to settle down, Edward quickly took stock of the room. Three men, and Ben; two held his shoulders, one stood with a gun, pointing at Edward's chest and for the first time in a long time Edward thought to be afraid of the metal object. Ben entered the room slowly, nodding to each occupant until he reached Edward; who tried to keep his mind and face blank. \"So, obviously you're a monstrosity, or at least you were,\" couching now to be on eyelevel, \"What I want to know is, how?\" \"Where are Sam, Audrey and Lionel\" Edward countered. Ben seemed disappointed in this answer, but he didn't move, \"Edward, I understand your concern. They are safe and unharmed. Now, how did you stand in the sunlight yesterday, and how are your eyes human?\" Leaning his head back, Edward stared at Ben over the end of his nose, \"I'm human.\" He said, and he let the feeling wash over him, the feeling of admitting his humanity to another. If Ben believed this statement, he didn't react to it; merely continued on, \"You mentioned that you were one of two cases. Who was the second?\" \"I've no idea,\" Edward said automatically, he had decided at some point in the evening he would not reveal Lionel's similar condition when prompted. If Ben didn't know already, Edward wouldn't be the one to tell him. \"I don't believe that for a minute,\" Ben said after a moment, \"You said yourself you knew.\" Taking the time to think back, Edward searched desperately, trying to recall if he had let anything slip to Ben before he had locked him up, \"I said I'd heard of a case, I don't know the man personally.\" \"Yet, you know he is a man?\" Ben asked simply. \"So the story goes.\" Edward replied in an uncharacteristically nonchalant way. \"You've heard of the story, but not of the man,\" Ben's tone suggested he found this hard to believe, but Edward could see on the faces of his men they thought this interrogation was a waste of time. Shrugging his shoulders unconcerned, \"It's a big world out there.\" Edward let a touch of whimsy enter his voice making the statement sound rather existential. But Ben seemed to have tired of his flippant attitude towards these proceedings, \"And getting smaller all the time,\" He left Edward to digest this for a full minute, \"But what good is the story of a stranger when I have the real thing before my very eyes.\" Edward felt his brow lower; they were no doubt reaching the heart of why Ben had come. Thought Edward was still given to wonder why he had been locked up in the first place; if the cure was what they sought then he and Lionel were the answer. Ben should be picking his brain in a lab, and trying to recreate his experience; not locking him up and throwing away the key. \"I already told you, I don't have answers,\" Edward repeated, hoping his own disappointment and self-loathing at that particular fact didn't creep into his voice. \"I'll settle for a good story then.\" Ben said quietly. So it began, at some point during his recollection the men who held Edward's shoulders let them go, and the third man with the gun lowered the barrel to the ground. Only Ben held himself completely still, never once letting his gaze drop or his knees lower, even as Edward settled himself into a more comfortable position on his knees. Once he had finally finished, Ben stood, and stretched his legs. Appearing to have no reaction to the story, Edward left out his dream of Audrey, because he considered it to be inconsequential. But aside from this Edward had not lied, simply stated just as he remembered. Reaching the far wall Ben placed a hand there and stood with his back to the four other men in the room. It was all Edward could do to remain silent during this time, after the information he just shared, he expected some kind of response. Whine finally Ben chose to look at him once more, his face was absolutely black, \"I can't help but feel it,\" he paused moving closer as he collected his thoughts, \"convenient; that not even one day after you are left alone, or effectively so with a mute child as your only witness, only then do you perform this, for lack of a better term, miracle.\" Edward carefully weighed his next thought on his tongue before he said it, \"I'm not sure what you think I'm hiding from you; but I didn't even know it was possible to recreate the circumstance.\" Ben nodded, \"I'm not accusing you of anything Mr. Dalton. I'm just simply pointing out how inconvenient it is for me.\" Edward watched a spot on the wall, \"I fail to see how my becoming human again could in any way be inconvenient for you.\" Ben came close to him, standing directly in his eye line, though he didn't crouch as before, \"I just would have liked to have two vampires in my employ.\" He felt his brow furrow at the statement, \" Two vampires in your employ?\" Edward repeated, trying again to gain understanding. Ben offered him nothing, only nodded, his expression proud of Edward's confusion; held only by his apparently genuine sadness fat Edward's humanity. After a long moment of the two holding each other's gaze Ben conceded with a small victorious smile and left. The two men who held Edward at first waited until Ben was gone to leave his side; the man with the gun left last, watching Edward for a long moment from the door. His eyes straying from his face to his crumpled and defeated posture and then back to the hallways seemingly to watch his companions leave. He seemed to want to say something to him, but he didn't, only closed the door solidly behind him. Several seconds later the lights Edward forgot to cherish clicked off above him, plunging him into complete darkness once more. Only now sleep was the furthest thing from his mind.[Chapter 30] In addition to a complete story overhaul, I'm posting a new chapter! Hope you all can get back into a groove with this story even though I screw the pooch posting chapters out of order accidentally; again, super sorry. But I hope a new chapter does make up for it. Edward awoke with a start, and had to take a few moments to acclimate himself with his surroundings. He felt it took an incredibly long time to remember where he was, and the events that led him there; he was also very surprised to learn he had been sleeping. Apparently after a decade of something akin to chronic insomnia you begin to forget the particulars of how one falls asleep, and that you don't exactly recall the moment you descend into unconsciousness. The next thing Edward was aware of was the knocking at his door, looking up he saw for a moment only the door; but upon closer inspection he saw a pair of grey eyes watching him through a small slot in the door. He recognized them as the eyes belonging to the man with the gun from the day before or perhaps hours before. Edward also forgot the timeless feeling you get while asleep. They stared at each other for a long moment, \"Move to the far wall.\" The man said, and from his mildly irritated tone Edward guessed this hadn't been the first time he said it. Sitting up slowly, and making his way to his feet even slower; Edward came to press his back against the far wall at which point the slot closed with a sharp metal clang. Briefly nothing happened, and Edward wondered what type of total control tactic this was supposed to be; but the door opened after one long slide of a bolt and there he stood. A small handgun in one hand, and in the other a tray of food; carefully the man entered the room watching Edward as he did, placing the tray on the floor he began to back out. \"Wait,\" Edward said as he reached the door, instinctually the man paused before he seemed to realize he had no need to listen to him, and then moved to continue his exit, but Edward was desperate and wouldn't accept it, \"Please, I just want to know if they're alright!\" He knew he was loud, and probably appeared deranged. The man stood for a long moment, staring down the hallway his hand frozen on the handle, and Edward thought for sure he would simply leave. But then his eyes cut to Edward's and he opened his mouth slowly, \"You're boy is alright,\" Edward was surprised at the thick Irish accent, most immigrants had returned to their own countries if they could, not that the distance would have helped at all, but if you were going to die, best to do it among family, \"The old man and you're woman are being held, but they are unharmed.\" For a second, Edward let the acknowledgement of Audrey being his wash over him; but it was gone quickly when he realized Ben was holding them somewhere, \"Where?\" His question again halted the exit of the Irishman. He said nothing, but jerked his head to the door directly across the hall, Edward looked passed him and the realization of being so very close to her slammed into him. The force of it rocking him forwards away from the wall; his feet intent on taking him to her, but the Irishman cocked his gun in response to his advance. And his feet had to the good sense to halt, leaving him rocking in place for a moment. \"Did it really happen how you said?\" He asked after a moment, his expression skeptical. Edward's mind felt sluggish and tired, furrowing a brow at the man he tiled his head, \"Did what happen?\" \"Your…transformation.\" He said after a moment of searching for the right word. \"Oh.\" He replied and nodded briefly to the younger man. Backing himself back into the wall again. Returning the nod and he seemed to think carefully as he watched down the hallway once more, \"Can you recreate it?\" \"I didn't lie when I told Ben,\" Edward paused as a shudder ran almost violently through the body of the man in the doorway, \"When I told him I'm not entirely sure how it happened, or if recreation is possible.\" The gun hung loosely at his side, seeming entirely forgotten now, though it was still cocked, \"But you have theories, right? About how it could be done? The old man said you were a scientist.\" Edward's head swam, \"I'm not a scientist,\" He said slowly, thinking he would explain what he actually did for Charles Bromley, but thought better of it after a moment, \"I have a few theories, yes,\" he felt his curiosity get the better of him, \"Why?\" His eyes tightened and for the first time Edward noted how young the man was, though frozen at thirty seven, Edward was pushing fifty if he was counting his revolutions around the Earth. This kid was maybe twenty seven, yet he wore those years heavily on his shoulders, it was a heartbreaking sight, \"I've got a brother,\" he said slowly with a low drop to his shoulders, \"Got turned about ten years ago, right when it all started. He'll be sixteen for the ninth time next month.\" Edward nodded, he remembered when kids started turning; it had been a fad at first, then it became a necessity when humans were to be hunted. Even in his vampire life, seeing children in his neighborhood, like life-size china dolls, never aging, never changing. Their awkward gangly limbs and acne. Edward felt for them, especially as the child and teenage intentional incineration rates remained high. \"I'm sorry.\" Edward offered, though he know it meant very little, the same awkward empty condolence that had been offered to him time and time again after his mother passed, because what else could people say. \"I saw him, a few years ago. We were on a raid, busting into some houses in the suburbs; through a window, I don't think he saw me. But there was a woman there with him, looked about his age. You can never tell with vamps.\" The Irishman seemed to come back to himself at that point, his hand tightened on his gun, and his eyes hardened again. This seemed to be all they would share with one another. \"Thank you,\" Edward said with a tip of his head to the door across the hall, \"If you find your brother again, I'll do everything I can to help him.\" And Edward meant it. The man offered an appreciative smile and gripped the door handle once more, \"I'm Ian.\" He said after a moment, waiting just long enough for Edward to mutter his own name in return, before the door closed behind him. It wasn't until that moment Edward realized the light was back on and also how incredibly hungry he was. Coming to sit on the floor by the tray he tucked in happily. The food was bland and more than a little stale, but he couldn't remember enjoying a meal more. As he ate he thought; his mind a jumbled mess of a million different thoughts. Mostly of Audrey bring so close that had he still had his hearing he could listen to heart heartbeat for comfort. But also he replayed the shudder that ran though Ian at the mention of Ben's name and what it could possibly mean. The fact that Ian had spoken to him at all made Edward think that Ian held little in the way of respect for him; and the fact that Ian had a brother he wanted human again made Edward think Ian and Ben didn't agree on how useful vampires could be. Edward filed this information away and sat back from his empty tray. The food had been good, but it wasn't enough. His stomach still felt bare, but he told himself he had just eaten too quickly and it would hit him in a few minutes. As he lay back, stretching out his muscles he latched onto a stray thought and brought it to the forefront of his mind. It was obvious that Ben intended to use vampires for his own purposes and it was becoming apparent that Ian didn't like the idea. But what if he wasn't the only one? ","Summary":" Alright my first fic, just having some fun, and I have had this one floating half in my brain and h"}]